

This film is simply awful, the acting is a joke. Being a fan of the book I
decided to buy the DVD without seeing at the cinema or renting it before,
but I was extremely dissapointed. Daniel Radcliff's acting is terrible, in
my honest opinion he was only hired because he looks like the
illustrations
of Harry Potter and he is definatly what I had pictured in my mind but his
acting makes a mockery out of the film and turns it into a spoof of the
book, instead of bringing it to life. I definatly won't be rushing to the
shops to get the second film too soon.
			
At first I liked the Harry Potter series, it was imaginative, it was
original, it was funny, and it had promise. Then the second one came
out, "oh WOW this is heaven, it can't get better than this", then the
third came out, "I was wrong about the second, because this is
awesome". Then in between finishing the third and the release of the
fourth I read the Lord of the Rings. And shortly after, the movies for
both came out. I realized the huge difference, I was psyched out when I
heard they were making a Harry Potter movie, but there they go and ruin
it. Did you know Spielberg was originally supposed to direct, until
Miss Rowling insisted it HAD to be an all British cast, in walks in
Chris Columbus, a guy who directed Robin Williams in becoming a woman
in "Mrs. Doubtfire", and a guy who's obviously willing to give in to
any demand thrown at him by the author as long as he makes money. Well
Mr. Columbus seemed to direct Ron into acting like a woman as well. You
throw in a B list of child actors and a list of acclaimed adult actors
who are far past their prime and who only opted to make these films
because their grandchildren begged them to, and you have the first
Harry Potter movie. There has never been a more horrific performance
than that of Rupert Grint, who now dominates the worst performances of
all time, kicking Jake Lloyd from The Phantom Menace out of the way.
Daniel Radcliffe doesn't really possess much talent either, I highly
doubt he has any future after this film, as far as acting goes anyways.
As for Emma Watson, who thinks she's the best in the world, and if you
think I'm talking about her performance as Hermione, you're dead wrong,
have you listened to her in interviews? The room can barely fit the
three of them; her, the interviewer, and her ego. Her performance is
also astonishingly bad. I forgot to mention the horrible special
effects, I have seen better on TV watching "Power Rangers". I mentioned
the Lord of the Rings earlier to make reference to the obvious ripoffs
of Miss Rowling. Firstly there are the dementors, cloaked ghostlike
figures whose faces you never see (cough, RINGWRAITHS!). The whomping
willow seems to ring a bell (ENTZ). The Giant Spider named Aragog
(SHELOB). The trolls also seem to resemble something I've seen
before... OH YEAH, the trolls in Lord of the Rings! Hopefully Warner
Bros. choice of hiring different directors for the rest of the films
will pay off. But this is the perfect example of a book that could have
made an Oscar worthy classical movie, but fell short because instead of
making it what it was intended to be they chose to skimp on the effects
to make more money on little kids who think it's great because they're
too young to watch real special effects in Star Wars or LotR. It really
makes me sad, because in the months prior to the first movie I was
marveling at the promise of it all. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan
Rickman, they got John Williams to do the score, and like that, it was
ruined. Although it does seem that my opinion differs from the rest of
the world as Miss Rowling is just raking it in and so are the
filmmakers, making even more money by skimping on the special effects
that will no doubt succeed in dazzling children who aren't yet potty
trained. Here's one buck the woman won't get her hands on.
			

Many viewers of this film applaud its faithfulness to the book, however they
miss that while the film includes much of the book in it (more than is
necessary in fact), it lacks the central story.  That is:  the story of a
young boy who has suddenly had his wildest dream come true, and who now must
deal with his newfound celebrity, his amazing magical heritage, and most of
all, day to day life at Hogwarts with his friends (and enemies).  The movie
is more preoccupied with populating Hogwarts with ghosts and moving
staircases than it is with characters of any depth.  Everyone from the book,
Harry included, suffers from a serious lack of on-screen development, and as
a consequence the story lurches  ponderously from event to event without the
throughline that stong character development would bring.  I, for one, am
not easily impressed by effects, no matter how impressive, especially when
they are a duplicitous substitute for the real strength of a story such as
this:  character.
			

Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, as it is called everywhere
else besides the US, and I'd like to know why, is no more than a 5th rate
failure at best.  Now I know I'm probably enraging every single person who
has read the novel, however this movie is not the novel.  Book and Film are
two totally different mediums.  Something that works in a novel, wont
decessarily work on the big screen.  Harry Potter is the greatest example
of
that.Colombus decided to change very, very little in his adaptation of the
novel, which is the movie's greatest fault.  An author has the luxury to
spend pages and pages describing a certain image in a story; a film does
not
have that kind of luxury.  The movie was terribly boring due to the fact
that Colombus tried to pace the movie the same way as the book.  That is an
impossible feat.  The movie is not meant to be some companion to the novel.
If that was the truth, then the 7 billion people who havent read the novel
wouldnt even bother showing up to watch.  A movie is supposed to have a
broad audience in order to make money, if Colombus feels that he is only
making the movie to please Potter fans, then AOL Time Warner will have a
huge failure on their hands.  I've never read the book, and some may say
that that is the reason why I didnt enjoy the movie.  But again, I went to
see a movie, not read a book.  The Godfather is not a classic because it
stayed true to Puzo's novel.  It is a classic because Coppola knew what
elements would need to be changed in order to make the book filmable.
Colombus doesnt have a clue.The only thing good about Harry Potter was the cinematography.  Most
of
the film looked brilliant, especially Hogwarts itself.  Yet, a visually
pleasing film does not make the film suddenly good.  It doesnt even come
close.  The effects are just a testament to the fact that Colombus got his
priorities way wrong when he filmed this boring, plodding paced movie.  I
voted it a one, I was feeling generous.
			

It's a movie made for people who think that magic is cute and fun.  If
you're a fantasy fan like I am, and believe in magic (in a fictional sense)
then you may very well detest this movie, as I did.  Magic comes easily to
little Harry Potter, who has no personality to speak of except that he is
occasionally sad that he never met his mum and dad.  Years of abuse and
neglect have left not a mark on him, so when he gets invited to Hogwarts
Academy of Magic, he has nowhere for his character to go.  There he flies
around on his broomstick and gets to be a big hero quite by accident without
ever confronting any serious obstacles or anything resembling a plot.  In
all this, the film is an excellent adaptation of the book, which also
thought that magic is cutesy wootesy.  
			

This film was to put it simply rubbish. The child actors couldn't act, as
can be seen by Harry's supposed surprise on learning he's a wizard. "I'm a
wizard!" is said with such indifference you'd think he's not surprised at
all. I've never read the books and this film did nothing to make me want
to
read them. The only spell this cast over me was one to get me out of the
room as quickly as possible every time I have seen this on after my first
viewing of it in the cinema. If you want to see a decent book made film
watch Lord of the Rings or possibly the sequel to this which I thought was
actually good.
1/10
			

2 1/2 hours of Boredom.
Half the audience fell asleep, including most of the kiddies.
Beautiful to look at, but that does not make for a interesting film. Rather
spend your money on Lord of the Rings.
			

I have not read any Harry Potter books.  Be that as it may, when the glowing
reviews started to come in for this film I decided to take a look at it.  I
cannot comment on the translation from book to film or the quality of
Rowling's books but the film of the very first novel is quite horrible.  I
tried to like it, but I found it excruciating to watch.  It took me no where
and, even worse, it really didn't have much of a plot.  The thin shreds of
plot were introduced 1 hour and 45 minutes into the film.  The first part of
the film was obviously conceived to give a background to the viewer of the
Potter world.  Unfortunately there was little to grip me here and I found
most of it to be grossly out of place.  What the heck does a game of
"Quidditch" have to do with the story?  It, and many other things, were just
eye candy.  The characters were stale and seemed like rejects from a Roald
Dahl story (see James and the Giant Peach).  I'm flabbergasted that such a
piece of junk has attracted so many adamant fans.  No wonder kids don't know
how to read or write very well anymore.  No wonder Britney Spears and N'Sync
are so possible.  The piece of trash that is Harry Potter explains it all -
the current generation will cling to anything as long as they don't have to
think for themselves.  'Tis a pity.
			

**SPOILERS**Before I briefly state my views, I must confess that I have
never read a
word of or even picked up a Harry Potter book in all of my life. I had many
friends rave and rant about them, and at my work, I often see my
co-worker's
kids sitting in corners, waiting for their mothers to take them to school,
reading the latest chapter in the series enthusiastically. But because I
have never read Harry Potter myself, I have no understanding of the series,
the characters, or the plotlines outside of the world this movie has
created. Therefore, this is a review for viewers like me: They haven't read
the books, and they're curious to see what all the hype is
about.Well....judging soley from this film, it's not about much, I can tell
you.Overall, I would rate this film as either a C- or a D+. Since, if you're
still reading this review, you've probably already seen the movie, I shall
simply state my opinion without elaborating too much on the happenings of
the film. There are a lot of cool ideas presented here....A LOT of cool
ideas. In fact, I am not ashamed to state that every idea presented was
involving and a work of genius....masterpieces to themselves. For the first
hour, I was completely engrossed in the world that this movie had
created...indeed, this was a magical movie. From the moving stairs to the
floating candles and the interacting paintings, this was the stuff of a
master artist. Just the goblins set the film apart....never have I seen a
film-creature look so convincing.Unfortunately, after a while, the wonderful pictures get bogged down and
dull due to the absense of a storyline. There was no story or plotline to
give this film a firm foundation to stand upon....nothing to move these
wonderful ideas that I was watching along. As a result, the move becomes a
patch-work of cool-looking ideas, but with no backbone or soul behind them.
Eventually, since there is no real storyline, the film just gets old and
boring, regardless of how neat the pictures are. I wasn't the only one in
the theater drawing these conclusions...indeed, about 90% of the audience
were all children, and in the final hour, they were all chattering away to
each other, ignoring what was going on in the film, and I could see the
parents around them glancing at their watches.In the last twenty minutes or so, a plot is finally found, but it's so
painfully contrived....so cliched and predictable, that it hurts to watch
it
(i.e. "You defeated your enemy with love;" Harry's team winning all the
points and earning the trophy, etc.).  This is a pity, because the plotline
seemed to be good, and if the director had just cut the film's length in
half and spent more time developing this story, we could have had a real
winner on our hands, on par with other children's fantasys like "Wizard of
Oz" and "E.T."Veteran British actors such as Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, John Cleese,
John Hurt, and Maggie Smith are wasted in throw-away roles, though the lead
youngters certainly aren't bad.All in all, a dissapointing effort, made even more dissapointing by the
fact
that there were so many likable qualities to it, among them the ideas
presented and the visuals achieved, which set it apart from any other film
of its kind. Watching this film has not motivated me to read the books;
however, I shall certainly be in line to watch the second film. Hopefully,
with a better story for the viewer to follow, the visually and undeniably
magical world of Harry Potter will be a truimph the second time
around.*1/2 out of **** 
			
   ***SLIGHT SPOILERS***
As an adult, it didn't appeal to me in the least. The effects were poorly
done, the giant plot leap in the middle ("lots of strange things are
happening-- hey, I know! it's definitely because the creepy teacher guy
wants the thing under the trap door under the three-headed dog") threw me
completely out of the story. It's really a kids only movie, which
disappointed me, because I'd been hearing such good things about it. And
then at the end, Harry is sent back to his abusive adoptive parents. So
much
for changing one's situation.And I know that they had to cut tremendous amounts of story in order to
make
it only 2 1/2 hours long (which was still way too long for this movie).
After waiting in line outside the theater with tickets bought a week ahead
of time, I must say I was truly disappointed. I'm even more saddened by
the
commercial success and the lunacy of die hard Harry Potter fans which will
keep this sad and poorly-written movie in theaters much longer than it
needs
to be.Some books should remain books. 
			
In 2001, the Harry Potter posters were everywhere in Hong Kong. I
decided to go to the movie. However, I was very disappointed. I did not
understand what the movie is about until I read the book. I think J. K.
Rowling did a good job in writing the story but the movie makes no
sense at all. All the plots are not linked up. The characters are bad.
Daniel Radcliffe is a very bad actor. Many other better actors could be
chosen. I think he was chosen just because he looks like the Harry
Potter on the front cover of the book. The costumes are bad. The
special effects are bad. The entire movie is not bad but very very very
bad.If you want to learn about the Harry Potter stories, go straight ahead
to the book, but definitely not the movie.
			

Cut about an hour out of the middle of HARRY POTTER and you'll have a pretty
decent little movie.  As is, it's a bloated mess.  There's no heart to this,
no characterizations.  It's just a product reel for all the special effects
companies that worked on it.Seeing actors of the caliber of Alan Rickman and Robbie Coltrane and Maggie
Smith wading through this, I wondered what went through their minds while
they were performing.  They have to eat and pay bills like the rest of us,
but the last time I felt so sorry for actors was watching Dudley Moore in
SANTA CLAUS.There's no need for viewers to feel any emotional reaction.  The goshawful
musical score by John Williams telegraphs everything to us and makes
sleeping during the dull parts nearly impossible.This made a bundle opening weekend and the studio has started work on the
sequel.  I wonder if business will hold at the same rate as the opening. 
It's playing on three screens at our local theatre and we didn't have to
wait at all for tickets to the 7 pm show tonight (Saturday) and there were
plenty of seats empty.
			

I've read the book only to see what all the hype's about. I must admit I
was
pleasantly surprised. It was a very easy book to follow and dares to be
nothing more than it actually is - a plain old nothing-new-under-the-sun
children's book. In that, Rowling did a fine job. Snippets from Lord of
the
Rings, Dracula, Ender's Game, to name a few, were bluntly used throughout
the book and meshed together to form this trashy, 2 cents of a fantasy
story. Oh well, as long as it keeps my children reading.But the movie... oh, well, now that's plain sad. I don't recall ever
seeing
such forced adaptation of a book to a movie. Everything about this movie
is
wrong. The younger actors act so bad they seem to take part of some sorry
school play, the CG effects are ridiculously unrealistic, the script is
just
a scribble of the original book's text rather than telling an actual
story.
And the list goes on.The fact that Rowling insisted on having only British actors seem to have
been the first mine laid on a shaggy path to a bearable movie. Steven
Spielberg (who was offered the job) could have done a much better job in
directing just as much as Haley Joel Osment (6th Sense, who was suggested
by
Spielberg for the part) could have been a MUCH more convincing Harry
Potter.
A whole lot of the experience was missed, as the rest was brutally
murdered
by idiotic idealism by the author. Plain sad.The worst part is that such a horror of a movie had earned so much money
to
its makers. Kinda blows away all wishes of becoming a good, hard-working
director... it seems that skill has nothing to do with success.
:)It deserves nothing more than 1/10.

			

Literally anyone could write this story. Nothing is original, the effects
are mostly bad, the acting is bad, the direction is bad and the music score
was written by John Williams 25 years ago (if you get my
meaning).This movie isn't funny enough, dark enough or smart enough to be considered
interesting. It's very simple and too boring.The studio executives have gone really stupid nowadays; the original and
interesting ideas are never promoted, they always seem to go for the safe
(meaning stupid) bet.1/10
			

When I sat down to watch the movie, I expected more than what I saw. What
the directors have done was chop most of the plot up and put them
together,
badly. I know most of you out there will diss me for this. I, myself, am a
Harry Potter fan. Seeing the movie, however, made me feel that it might be
best if Harry Potter just stuck to books.For one thing, the actors seemed a bit to eager. They probably read Harry
Potter too and thought they knew all the lines. They did. They knew it so
well that they forgot to add a bit of feeling into most of the
dialog.Harry Potter fans who have read the books first will have to find the
scene
cutting and the different plots disturbing. Some of you will disagree
(being
Harry Potter fanatics. Why need a whole book to express ones love for a
storytale character?). Well, all I can do is apologize for being to harsh.
However, I still cannot believe the mess they made out of Harry Potter. I
just hope the second will have improved.     
			

terribly contrived and juvenile.  From the outset, it treats viewers like
they were little children - the problem is, that most children won't
realize
how terrible it is because they haven't the breadth of experience to notice
how contrived and unoriginal the plot is.I don't blame Columbus though, JK Rowling has created a cliched story full
of unoriginality and character shallowness.  The fact that Harry Potter
seems to be everybody's favourite and is virtually invincible in the film
just makes you feel sick at how predictable this film is.And the ending - my gosh, what a terrible ending.  Star Wars was bad enough
with their super proton topedoes that destroy whole mother ships (and
stupid
Darth Vader never learnt the lesson of having such weaknesses from his
experience in The Phantom Menace).  But Harry Potter tops it with it's
ridiculous ending whose sole explanation is a mother's love?
Ludicrous!Go see a real movie, from the original genius of JRR Tolkien: The Lord of
the Rings.
			
First off I'll start on the basics that others have mentioned. The
acting is bad from the three child-actors. I thought this might be
because they were so young but I've seen the fifth film and it still
doesn't improve. Their acting is on a "school play" level with
over-emphasised lines and facial expressions. Daniel Radcliffe was
chosen for this film because he looks like the character but by the
fifth film he no longer looks like him. The silly glasses make this
slightly better but it's a cheap effect. The ginger kid was annoyance
personified and I could write an essay on his irritating habits. I
detest the way he uses soft swear words like bloody with that fake
working class accent. The girl overdid the "goody goody girl" role.The fact that they were friends from the start and stayed together the
whole time was so unbelievable, by the fifth film they're still all
together mainly. Rowling obviously copied this from other children's
books but it doesn't make it any more believable. Those sort of "group"
friendships never happen in school in real life."Harry Potter"? Couldn't she have thought of a better name. Only "John
Smith" would have been more generic. A book or film in which the main
character is called Harry Potter could be about anything. When I first
heard about the books and the plot i.e. a boy who goes to wizard
school, I immediately thought that it was just a copy of "The Worst
Witch" by Jill Murphy. That book is more consistent, has better
characters and is a true pleasure to read as a child. Regardless,
Rowling's ideas have been done so many times before. I tried Harry
Potter and I found it unreadable, how anyone could actually enjoy
reading this pap is beyond me. The only explanation of why the books
are so popular is because of media hype. The series came about just at
the right time and was lucky in that the media and publishing companies
were looking for something to hype so as to make a lot of money because
the series is so generic and plagiarised it's not even funny.Other characters were generic too. Robbie Coltrane's character is a
standard in many children's books. He's the big, burly gentle giant
grounds keeper or whatever who, although being big and strong, is
actually very gentle, kind and becomes a friend to the children. The
worst thing about this character though his his clichd west-country
accent. Arghhh! It's just so predictable! DumbleBORE is also generic:
he's the wise old wizard who is both kind and tough but fair. He even
has the big old white beard which practically every wizard in
literature also has. There's also the supposed obvious "evil" character
played by Alan Rickman who surprise surprise turns out not to be evil
after all. Was that the big "twist" of the film/book? Good Lord, this
must be aimed at the 50-90 IQ range. Harry's nemesis is a sort of young
blonde Dracula lookalike who also can't act. His badness is never
explained, it's obviously hoped by the producers that the watcher will
not question why he's Harry's nemesis and just accept that he looks
bad, does bad, says bad and that's that.The story itself lacks imagination regarding the characters (see
above), the setting and the plot. Rowling manages to incorporate a
large number of overused mythical creatures and objects which causes
the story to feel as though a child wrote it to include all her little
fantasies. Everyone seems to ride brooms, even the men and boys despite
that only witches traditionally rode them (she even gets that wrong);
potions are brewed in cauldrons and it's never explained why potions
are needed when wands seem able to do everything. I just don't get this
"magic" thing (perhaps it be because I'm a "muggle", ugh horrid cutesy
word makes me cringe). Magic seems in large to replace the need for
modern technology. In fact, the whole setting at Hog-Farts seems to be
a medieval castle where the children write using quills and flame
torches hang on the walls. One would be forgiven for thinking that the
need for magic would go if they had electricity. Just because magic is
a fact of life why have all the other creatures and beasts of folklore
to exist? Quidditch. What a ludicrous, pointless game. Despite the use
of broomsticks (see above) Rowling still couldn't think up a better
game. I had to pause the film to let the silliness of the game sink in:
A whole team (yes a team!) of players goes against another in a sort of
flying football/polo sort of game in which balls must go through goals
to score points. It seems simple and unsilly enough albeit lacking
imagination but the fact that each team possesses a player called a
"seeker" who just flies after a golden ball with wings and if one of
them catch it, their respective team wins immediately. What's the point
of the rest of the game and players? A team could be winning easily and
about to win and then the opposing team's seeker catches the golden
ball in the last few seconds and wins! How utterly ridiculous! Why not
just make the whole game about catching the golden ball and forget the
other players and their task?! The plot of this film is incoherent and
dull. The first three quarters are an ego trip for the special effects
department and just show generic Harry exploring Hog-Farts with his new
generic best buddies and gazing in awe at the wonderments inside. The
last quarter is explaining some generic evil wizard who wants to come
back from prison or something. Needless to say, generic Harry saves the
day and is a hero and his "house" wins some cup or something. Big
whoop. The old British actors they hired were just to legitimate the
whole sordid affair.
			
Ouch. This film irritated me so much I was in tortuous pain by the end
of it. I only really have one reason for despising this film, but this
reason is so monumental in its power that it caused me to spend much of
the film writhing around on the carpet in agonising spasms, spasms from
which I am only just beginning to recover. The reason ladies and
gentlemen, is terrible child acting.The three kids, in particular the girl, are guilty of some of the most
trite, sickly sweet overacting ever seen on the silver screen. They
reminded me of primary school plays where the most precocious kids in
the class are given the leading roles rather than those with any
semblance of charisma or acting ability. They somehow fail in
portraying any tangible or believable emotion whatsoever. They do
however succeed in over-pronouncing every single letter of every
syllable of every word as if the Lord of Language himself (possibly
Stephen Fry) were watching over them ready to strike them down in the
event of a missing 't' in sweet or a missing 'g' in bloody annoying. It
is the cinematic equivalent of Maria Carey warbling up and down through
every conceivable note in order to try and prove that she can sing; but
in doing so exhibiting a pretentiousness that has no place on this
earth.My unofficial award for worst acting performance is currently held by
the actor who played young Anakin Skywalker in The Phantom Menace, but
these three run him very close indeed.Someday I will get around to reviewing the film's plot and characters
but only when the agony and nausea are fully extinguished from my limbs
and I can once again look out upon the world with the asceticism and
joyful exuberance that have become my trademark. Good day.
			

I am an unrepentant Harry Potter fan.  I adore the books.  I thought I was
going to have the holiday season of a lifetime, with Harry Potter and Lord
of the Rings both coming out within a month of each other.At least there's still Lord of the Rings to salvage the
season.Harry Potter was, in fact, very faithful to the words of the book.  The
feeling, however, that one gets in reading Rowling was completely gone.  I
didn't care about the characters as much, as Columbus didn't feel any need
to tell us anything about them beyond the action on the screen; I didn't
have any sense of anticipation, except in one scene in the forest (despite
the fact that I have that sense each time I read the books); and I wasn't
able to get involved in the story because the cuts from scene to scene
were
so abrupt (and often non-sensical).The effects were worse than the plot.  The troll looked like something by
Pixar (Pixar is great, mind you, but it's animation and not realistic).
Quidditch looked like a contest to see who could be the blurriest.
Harry's
much-touted digitally green eyes were only green in a couple of very brief
shots.  My own model train set in my living room looks better than the
Hogwarts Express.  I could go on, but I don't have the space to list all
the
problems.My suggestions for the next movie are that the script writer try reading
not
Rowling's WORDS, but the EMOTIONS she evokes, and that they not rush the
production so much that the effects and editing suffer.  I really think
that
if they hadn't rushed to get this movie done in a year, the effects at
least
would have been vastly better.The only saving grace in this movie is Williams' score.  It at least lends
a
little bit of emotion to an otherwise flat movie.My recommendation: buy the soundtrack, and wait for the video.  Don't
waste
your money in the theatre.

			
If you want a quick and easy way to punish your kids take them to see 
Harry Potter. This overlong and boring movie will put them to sleep.

The acting was economy class at best and the plot stank worse than a 
moldy anchovie sandwich. The only good thing to come out of the movie 
is the undeniable talent of Robbie Coltrane. To bad the man wasted his 
talents on this piece of trash.

Chris Columbus just can't direct and newcomer Daniel Radcliffe can't 
act. The special effects were actually pretty decent for the film.

I would give this movie 0/10 but there is no zero on the voting so I 
had to give it a one.
			

About halfway through Harry Potter 1, I considered walking out.  It's not
that it was godawful, but having read the book, I knew how it all worked
out-- and I had no confidence left that there would be anything the least
bit interesting about how Rowling's story would be illustrated.That's what it is; the book faithfully, and dully, illustrated, line by
line.  It's so faithful to the order of incidents (and the need to keep the
story moving) that it has no time to give us any of the characterization
that made us root for Harry; at best we get instantly recognizable movie
stereotypes (Draco Malfoy has a Richie Rich 'do, therefore he must be from
the same snotty rich kids' fraternity as Greg Marmalard).  Seemingly ideal
casting-- Alan Rickman as Snape, say-- is wasted when the characters turn
out only to have half a dozen lines in the entire movie, most of them
expository.  Maggie Smith, Ian Hart, Richard Griffiths, Fiona Shaw, all
wasted; the peerless John Cleese as Nearly Headless Nick has, as memory
serves, all of two lines-- one to explain why he's nearly headless, and one
to announce, in Boys' Own Weekly cliches, that the Quidditch Cup is sure
going to be hotly contested this year.  Maybe only Robbie Coltrane and John
Hurt get enough dialogue to begin to sketch a character.The other problem-- not unrelated, surely-- is that Chris Columbus is, for
the millionth time, the wrong wrong wrong director for the job.  He has no
sense of magic, of mystery, of English eccentricity.  Give him two wizards
skulking about a suburban tract house, and he'll make them seem as ordinary
as two retirees strolling and chatting about the weather.  Give him an evil
spirit sucking the blood of a dead unicorn and being interrupted by a
centaur, and he makes it seem like two retirees strolling and chatting about
the weather.  Give him a chess game, and he makes it seem like World War
III.  Give him Gringott's bank, and he ignores the baroque set that's been
built and can't wait to show us a big pile of gold, which is surely a bit
revealing.  This isn't as awful a blockbuster as, say, Tomb Raider, but it
comes from the same land of impoverished imagination camouflaged with
booming, expensive yet somehow cheap-looking special effects.
			

So, 85 million well spent? I guess since they've already made more than
double that back, then from a financial point of view - Yes! But as a
film....Frankly I would rather remove one of my own limbs with a blunt hacksaw,
then
eat it raw before I watched this again. 2.5 hours of some of the most
boring
drivel, bad acting, weak special effects and irritating children you could
hope to come across. The sooner these "Child Stars" descend into a drug
and
sodomy filled adolescence the better for all concerned.Yes I have read the books, and yes, I enjoyed them, but this is still one
of
the dullest films I've ever encountered. Sticking to the original story is
one thing, but when the audience are left praying for the last 5 chapters
to
be cut, something's gone wrong.Back to my original point - where did the 85 million go? The Quidditch
match was about on a par with King Kong for realism, and using Fungus the
Bogeyman for the Troll was a masterpiece of imagination-free modelling.
Perhaps all the money went on getting the magic tricks to look right? Or
maybe not. How much effort does it take to have some brat wave his wand,
the
camera cuts away, comedy explosion sound effect, then camera cuts back to
child with spiky hair and blackened face? Pure genius! They really have
pushed back the boundaries of comedy here.All in all I feel cheated out of 2.5 hours of my life, and I strongly
recommend that you don't fall into the same trap. If you have 2.5 hours
that
you really want rid of, then I'd suggest spending it slowly rubbing
sandpaper over your eyeballs - it's cheaper, and more pleasant on the
senses.
			

While I am extremely bothered by the mass hysteria surrounding the Harry
Potter franchise I will comment only on the film and book.  When reading
the
book I found it to be highly enjoyable, above average children's
literature.
The film however,is below average filth that is making more money than it
should and therefore telling Hollywood it's okay to put out an inferior
product like this.  The great adult actors couldn't even save this movie
from bad directing.  Suffice it to say that after I awoke for the second
time during the movie (having fallen asleep twice) I realized that if I
had
not previously read the novel I wouldn't have the slightest idea as to why
things were happening the way they were.  In the end Chris Columbus takes
a
slightly above average book and makes a movie that, if called mediocre,
would be receiving excessive praise.
			

I don't read Harry Potter and never intend to. I wasn't even going to see
the movie but my conniving and manipulative friend tricked me into seeing it
(long story; you wouldn't want to hear it). Needless to say, I did not like
the movie, although my 11-year-old brother loved it to
death.First of all, let me state a few things. I do have an imagination. I grew up
reading Roald Dahl and have seen "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory" at
least twice. I thought "Alice in Wonderland" was really cool. I have also
seen "James and the Giant Peach", among many other adaptations of Roald
Dahl's books, and I loved it. I'm looking forward to "Lord of the Rings",
even though I wouldn't read the books. As for the "E.T." thing: My mom
recommended "E.T." to me when one fine night I was at a loss of what to rent
at the rental shop. I was reluctant at first, as I thought it was just
another kid movie, and I don't usually watch kid movies anymore. I wasn't
expecting anything from it but boredom. When the film concluded though, I
was in near-tears. In my opinion, by comparing "Harry Potter" to such
classics like "E.T." is a tad insulting to the said film. "E.T." was
something fresh, even in the year 2001; "Harry Potter" was just trite and
recycled."Harry Potter" struck me as a mix of "The Wizard of Oz" and "Hercules" (you
know, the TV show starring Kevin Sorbo?) and just about every other fairy
tale you've heard. First, there were the cliches. Of COURSE Harry's a poor,
abused boy who lives with wicked foster parents! He simply HAS to be, or
there wouldn't be a reason why he's such a supposed expert with wizardry.
The opening sequences with Harry's foster family totally reeked of the story
of "Cinderella" (sp?). The mean uncle in "Potter" is the mean stepmother in
"Cinderella", and the obnoxious cousin in "Potter" is the obnoxious
stepsisters in "Cinderella". I really could've done without that whole
sob-story designated to evoke pity in the audience; I have heard it before,
and I have heard it told better.Another thing that made me squirm in my seat was its length. Unlike another
equally hyped movie, "Titanic", 30 minutes of "Harry Potter" felt like an
hour. When I saw "Titanic" though, I was surprised to find that 3 hours had
passed in the darkened theatre; it felt like an hour and a half. I didn't
understand -- and still don't -- why they couldn't have just cut to the
chase and dump Harry in the dungeon hole to face-off with the bad, evil guy.
On second thoughts, I also don't understand why they took almost an hour in
getting Harry's butt to his magical school, whatever it's called. It was a
good one hour wasted, and if you add that hour to the time they took to
unravel the very unexciting events that took place after that, like the
Quiddich game or however you spell it, you get almost two hours. Two hours
of oh-so-spectacular events that were mostly irrelevant to the actual
finding of the socerer's stone. If you don't call that tediously slow-paced,
then I'm not sure if we saw the same movie.The boy who played Harry was a terrible mis-cast. I can't imagine how he got
the gig in the first place; he has got to be one of the most uninspired
child actors I've seen. Even little Anna Paquin in "Jane Eyre" (sp) shone in
comparison to him, and I didn't think she was all that wonderful in it. His
acting was flat, dry and at times, laughable (his portrayal of fear towards
the end made me laugh out loud), and even more so when he appeared in scenes
with Emma Watson (I think that's her name, she played Hermonie, however one
spells it) and Draco, whom I deemed as little Count Dracula. I liked only a
few things about the movie, and Draco was among them (another person I liked
was Oliver Wood, simply because he's a cute Brit). Emma Watson did well, as
did the boy who played Ron and Draco. Child actors are capable of doing
their jobs right; it all depends on who we're talking about.The other thing I liked was its visual effects. I can hate the rest of it,
but if I ever want to see it for a second time (probably due to permanent
insanity), then it'd be for the effects. The school was pretty, and the
floating spirits thingy inside was kind of cute, if not funny, though I
don't know if that was the intention of the film-makers. The scene in the
woods was also done pretty well; the entire look of the place gave the scene
an almost creepy feeling. But it was destroyed when **spoiler** the
half-human half-horse character (I forgot what you call them) came out to
save Harry. I was just so reminded of the likes of "Hercules" that I started
laughing. Beside me, my friend went, "What the hell?" In fact, she did it
quite a lot throughout the whole picture.I would definitely not recommend it to anyone I love. But judging from the
amount of positive comments on this site, I guess a lot of people are going
to like it. One advice though: if you're sick of the whole Harry Potter
hype, avoid this film like the plague, which was what I intended to do.
Trust me, you wouldn't want to see it. It'll just make you want to set fire
to its many merchandises even more.
			

Why all the glowing comments?  This is one lame movie.  Haven't we seen
these types of special effects enough already?  The acting was lame.  The
story was lame.  The pace was slow.  The scenes overly long and trite.  I
was bored out of my mind.  I don't really think that most children would honestly like the movie very
much except for the fact that it's been hyped so much.  They probably have
collected all the toys and such that go along with the marketing of this
drivel.  It looks to me that the overly positive reviews are from those that
are a part of the sheep syndrome that is sweeping the nation.  Join the
flock or be an outcast?  Sorry, I'm not so easily led...this is one lame
movie.I feel so bad for Richard Harris.  One of his last roles and it had to be
this weak character.  He's probably had worse rolls, but this certainly is
not one to be proud of.  Big beards do not make a character wise or strong. 
Alan Rickman's character was by far the best played one. I'll rate this 1/10 because of the pretentiousness of the whole thing. 
Sorry kids, this one does suck.

			

I have never read the book this film is supposed to be based on, therefore,
I can only judge this movie by itself. And there is not much to judge. I
quit after 40 minutes or so and I have no regrets. The acting is ... well,
it's not there. The script is a fairy tale, which takes itself way too
seriously, making the story as dull and predictable as possible. The camera
work is so standard, you can predict the angle of the next
shot.
What can I say - I just hope the book is better, since many kids like
it.
I would have given it 3 out of 10, but the wasted budget and the hype take
their toll...
1 out of 10. A disgrace.
			

I have seen both Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings during the past couple
of weeks. Both have an unbelieveable amount of hype behind them, and both
films are based on extremely popular fantasy book however, that's where the
difference ends. Harry Potter is just hype and Lord of the Rings is what
delivers. But, that's another review. 
Harry Potter is an eleven year old boy living in England with his irritating
aunt and uncle who really don't care for him. He is wisked away to become a
wizard at Hogwarts school of wizards. From there he makes a lot of friends
and learns to become a wizard. He plays games on broomsticks, and fights a
lot of fake looking monsters. And in the end, he meets the evil wizard who
killed his parents. Now, the film isn't that bad, but it's really silly and
got quite boring after a while, some of the sequences were ripped off from
The Phantom Menace, (The Quidditch match, etc) Anyways, kids love it, I
didn't A 3 out of 10, decent special effects, and sets, but, a bland, and
unoriginal script that only children who are diehard fans of the book will
enjoy. (I have not read any of the books, and this movie makes me want to
stay away from them.)Wait for the hype to end and see it on
video!
			

It must be the hype, because I can't understand what's the big
deal. This movie is nowhere as good as people say it is.I did not read the books, so I went to this movie with no
pre-conceived expectations. As a new-comer to Harry Potter, I was
bored out of my mind.This movie just seems to go on, and on, and on, and on, and on.
The plot is barely discernable. The movie is more like trivial story,
after trivial story, after trivial story, followed by an anti-climactic
climax.It seems like the film makers were too busy squeezing elements
of the book into the movie, that they forgot what good movie
making is supposed to be about: entertainment.This movie is so boring, I'd rather watch paint dry than sit through
this dung again. Harry Potter stole two and a half hours of my life
and I want them back!Now I'm willing to admit that the Harry Potter books are
enchanting, mystical and thoroughly  entertaining. But this movie is
not.What makes a great book does not make a great film. And as
moviegoers, we should be able to spot the difference.Shame on you Warner Brothers. Shame on you critics. Shame on
you audience. You let the hype get to you. 
			

This is the biggest movie farce in history.  First of all, The special
effects make the adults go wild, and the little kiddies that dont even read
the books, and look at the picture on the front cover, and try to be cool,
see this movie because they are to lazy to read.
This is the same exact story as the book.  Harry lives with a mean aunt and
uncle, he goes to hogwarts, he plays quidditch.Hmmmm... JK Rowling.... WHATS SHE SMOKIN'!!!!Rated PG- For some "scary" sequences
			
This movie purely despicable garbage! This evil, vile, anti-Christan,
anti- family tripe should be burned. Though I have not seen the movie,
I have heard enough from my pastor to know that this film is trying to
turn our kids in to evil, pagan, atheist, homosexual abortionists!
There is an especially putrid scene where Harry and his friends
sacrifice a puppy to Satan! Therefore I warn all good Christans to
avoid this movie at all cost! I also ask that you turn any people who
saw this movie, Christan or not, away from it and instead to Christ.
God Bless you all! (P.S in case you couldn't tell, that was a joke. I
really give it a ********* out of **********)
			

Children's fantasies reached high tide in the early '80's, but by 1985's
"The Goonies," the run was over.  The genre was exhausted.  Except for the
technology, nothing is new.  It should not come as a surprise to anyone that director Chris Columbus
co-wrote "The Goonies." This explains why so much of "Harry Potter" consists
of Ritalin-driven 11-year-olds emitting long howls of . . . . . what? 
Anguish?  Surprise?  Revulsion?  One is never quite sure.It's just an awful movie.  What need or needs does a movie like this fill in the lives of so many
millions?  It is baffling.
			

I have not and have no intention of reading the books- nothing against them,
they just aren't my cup o'tea. I hesitated seeing this film not because of
no interest in those books- but because of the director- I have found his
films to be trite and cheap and very formula- straight from the Speilberg
school of "once I've made my first ba-zillion I can sell out and never have
to be creative again".
This film has good camera work. It has current state effects. It has a pace
akin to running a 24fps film at 1000fps. It's shallow- it asks you to buy
into all of it without explanation. There's a fakeness to it leaving me
feeling like I had molten Saran-wrap poured over me. I don't care about the
characters because they were simply place-holders- no personalities. Harry
is so two-dimensional as to make a sheet of paper more intriguing. Perhaps
the "genre" just doesn't appeal here. Fans (and most people are either a fan
or not- no "in-betweens") ballyhoo this film with that glazed-eye look of
cult religionists. Yuck.
			

Ghastly contrived nonsense. Despite its content of white versus black
magic
there is surprisingly little moral sense of good and evil. Has been
accompanied by a cynical spawning of poorly designed and expensive plastic
rubbish for parents to buy.
			

First of all I would like to say that this movie wouldn't have that
success
without the books. In fact it even wouldn't have halve of the people in
cinemas. I don't know how a grown man can be so fuzzy about a movie for
children.The other thing is that there was nothing we didn't see earlier in other
movies. Most the effects could have been done 1985 in same
quality.And I have a question: Why should I go to watch this movie if I've read
the
books? The movie is nearly a 100% conversion.If you liked this film without reading the books, go watch Spy
Kids.....
			

The industry chiefs need to get this through their heads:  Chris Columbus
is
not good at book adaptations.  Look what he did to Asimov's Bicentennial
Man.  Now he's gone and done the same to HP.  1 out of 10 here, for what
should have been 10.The book is a quarter of the way through before Harry encounters Hagrid,
yet
in the film the title sequence is barely over.  The viewer loses sight of
the fact that he is mistreated at home.Similarly, several other turning points in the story are just not in the
film.If you haven't seen it yet - don't bother.  Read the book
instead.
			

How on earth did this get up to the lofty heights of an 8.1
rating?I have never read the books, but went to see the film on the back of a
good
rating here, and many critics saying how good it was.  This film was
awful. I'd give it a 5/10
for reasonable sets, costumes, effects and making me laugh (twice). I
actually voted it as a 1/10 though to hopefully give some more realism to
it's rating.The quidditch game is pathetic. I thought we british invented good games,
you know tennis, golf, football, etc. If it's a good game, we invented it.
JK Rowling supposedly is british, but judging by this poorly thought
through
piece of crap she's gotta be american (or worse).The ginger lad gets praised for "the best game of chess ever played at
hogwarts" or something, and yet we get to see none of the game other than
him making the worst possible first move available to him. An untrained
chimpanzee could have guessed a better move. Out of the 20 or so things he
could have done how does this master-chess-boy make the worst possible
move???The plot is terrible and full of holes, the biggest seeming to be: Why the
hell didn't the badguy use his knowledge to get past the dog earlier? He'd
known for half the film, but still only just gets there before Harry who
only learns at the end how to bypass the dog!I thought no matter what that the film is at least choc full of top
quality
actors and no matter what it will therefore be at least "ok". How wrong I
was... None of the good actors get anything more than tiny bit parts, and
mainly even then they act way below standard - but what can be done with
this script?All in all, don't see this unless you are a fan of the book, or have some
money & time that you absolutely must waste.
			

I saw Harry Po the ad in the theatre some time ago and let me tell you did I
LAUGH. My friend and I almost got kicked out because we were choking on our
saliva over that damn centaur. Hahahaha, oh my GOD was that hilarious! I'm
going to buy that movie just so I can watch that scene. "I'll save you
Hairy!!" Haha, whoops I mean 'Harry'. Sorry: I'll get to the point. The movie is slow but it does have its
moments. The Quidditch (sp? wtf?) Game was very well done, especially the
camera work, and same with the chess scene. Bascially the action scenes were
nice. And Draco was very well cast, as he was in Anne and the King and the
Borrowers, so we've all seen him around. As for the others, well, it seems
that many people prefer Ron right away over the others. Harry seemed dull
and just there so he could count on the attendance records. Hermoine acted
stupid at times and she really needed to brush her hair. The Weasley twins-
and I'm being serious- looked deformed in that scene where they, um, walk
through the wall. Hunchbacks with square shoulders anyone?Watch it for the laughs but don't except a marvelous adaption from the
book... don't watch the film to see that heroic Harry you've read about
because it might take another film to get the real him out, if they even
manage to do that. If you're going to watch it, judge it as a film, as it
is, and not because of the books. And in doing that you'll find it slow,
unresolved, but... erm... with good action scenes.There's always hope for the next movie. Will there be more centaurs I
wonder... :)
			

I can't believe I waited in line for half an hour to see
this.
As a film student I take this as an insult to the industry.
The child actors are terrible (especially the over-acting
hermoine),
the story could have been adapted for film (not just taken straight from
the
book) and the for such a big budget movie the special effects were
terrible.
But what's worst about the film is the fact that it has attracted so many
adults. You know something is wrong with the world when adults are
discussing quittich instead of any number of slightly intelligent topics.
Still it is a children's film, not a work of art and at the end of the day
the kids will be rushing in a mindless throng to see the next film. The
filmmaker's have compromised the integrity of the industry in favour of
stealing children's money (or at least their parent's money). And to think
the world has to endure six more potter outings. Personally I'm waiting
for
"HARRY POTTER and the SPANISH INQUISITION".
			
What's wrong with this film? Children, magic, and tone.1. Children. Any film that has children in it is in big trouble.
Children on screen tend to be irritating, and this film is no
exception.2. Magic. Magic alone is a problem, because magic is essentially deus
ex machina. And there is nothing more destructive for a film than deus
ex machina. People hate that. If they all use magic, and magic can do
anything, then what is the point? How can you even get involved in a
scene when you cannot anticipate anything, other than the fact that the
hero will eventually come up with some spell to get him out of the jam?
Moreover, the film is so obsessed with the magical, that magic becomes
tedious. If every room and every object is enchanted, then the whole
magic is gone. If everything is magical, nothing is magical. Thus the
overuse of magic works against the film.3. The tone. The film starts as a children's adventure, but then
introduces inappropriately sinister elements. This is particularly
clear in the sequels, and there is a clear progression with each
sequel. This is a huge weakness, because a film should never waver on
the tone. You cannot expect the audience to shift from a children's
film to a dark monster film. Is it for children, or is it for older
audiences? The children will be scared by the monsters, the older
audiences will be put off by the childishness. I absolutely hate he
tonal mess that persists throughout the films.Final verdict: I would avoid this franchise.
			

This film shows how much the book is copied from The Lord Of The Rings.
It's
just taken an author clever enough to realise she can manipulate the old
idea so kids today can enjoy it, it would make sense if her favorite book
was LOTR when she was younger. I think the release of The Lord Of The
Rings
will highlight  my disgust.
			
I cringe each time I hear the name, or see its going to be on telly
etc. I actually get angry. I can not STAND it.What a over hyped piece of sh*t Harry Potter is.Never read the books, couldn't be A R S E D, didn't interest me. But I
know when a film is over rated, has sh*tty terrible actors (Danielle
Radcliffe can not act to save his life yet he has a fortune of 20
million pounds and more.........wheres the justice in that???) and Emma
Watson is so irritating I'd love to give her an eternity of nipple
cripples. The ginger kid is the only one that can act. In fact, he
should of been cast as Harry.RAdcliffe is so dull, lifeless and mundane. Yet the production company
pays him millions. WTF is wrong with the world today? I'm Gald J.K
Rowling made a success of her self but the movies sucked.I had to endure my younger brother and sister watching Harry Potter at
Christmas years ago. The torture.You see, I have a brain and can see through all this hype, sugar coated
special effects w a n k that it Harry Potter.CAnt believe so many little brats liked it.But whatever, I'm glad their parents are dumb enough to waste their
money on anything Harry Potter related.ANd even Lord of the Rings sucked as well, but I'll moan about that
later.Minus infinity for anything Harry Potter related.
			
This was a rather interesting experience. Take a bunch of kids who
can't act, add some truly horrendous special effects, add some of the
largest plot holes seen in a movie and you have a simply unwatchable
pile of garbage. The movies definitely get better but the first two
simply should not have been made. To show that I'm not merely spouting
steam I'd just like to point out the largest of said plot holes. It is
a rather important point to the story that Snape helped protect the
stone. It is basically all that is talked about by Hagrid yet, somehow,
the director forgot to put Snape's protection of the stone into the
movie. It really is too bad that this turned out to be bad enough that
I have a hard time calling it a movie.
			

African Americans have FUBU, kids have Harry Potter, and that's the way
it
should remain.  If you're under 8 and dig witchcraft, or you really like
bad
acting in a high budget movie, you might love it.  If, however, your
intellectual age is over 12, I would recommend avoiding this terribly long,
drawn-out exhibition of children's sorcery.
			
Warning: there may be spoilers ahead. Not like it matters, because the
whole movie is rotten anyway, and you're better off not seeing it.I really don't get what kids like so much about this drivel. The main
problem is that the characters are not likable. Not that they are
dislikeable, they are just flat and bland like altar bread. And they
don't change at all from the beginning to the end. Who's to blame - the
bad actors, the mediocre director, or the awful writer? Really, I've
seen far better character development in "Revenge of the Nerds".And the story is just dumb. It starts with a good point: a kid with
magical powers. Where did I hear that before? Oh, of course: "The Books
of Magic". Except for the fact that JK Rowling is no Neil Gaiman... but
anyway, here's an example. When Potter's magic powers first appear, he
never seems to be too puzzled by them, never gets scared, nor thinks
about using them to exact revenge from his cruel family. Hello? Anyone
there ever read "X-Men"? If you suddenly get super-human powers, you
must be puzzled and tempted!Talking about cruel families... they can be excellent plot devices.
Green Goblin, anyone? But Potter seems to be immune to a decade of
humiliation. Sure, he is quite lethargic (or is it bad acting?), but is
never aggressive or rancorous. Which makes no sense.There are lots of other bad scenes, like the ridiculous chess scene.
Remember that scene of "Attack of the Clones" that was sometimes
mockingly described as 'Star Wars meets Megaman'? This is similar, but
even worse. There's no sensible reason for this place to exist, yet it
does. Even if the rest of the movie was not a disgrace, that scene
alone would have ruined it. Any suspension of disbelief that had
survived the previous awfulness of the movie was killed at that exact
moment.Bad acting, bad directing, bad visual effects, bad music, and - above
anything else- the bad writing... with all these problems, this movie
ends up bland like drinking warm water. It has absolutely no flavor -
but it can still make you want to throw up.
			

This movie was so corny and unimaginative, a real Chris Colombus piece of
hack work. The great cast saves the film from being utter dreck, but
otherwise this is pretty dim, formulaic movie-making. Compare it to its
announced competition, movies like The Wizard of Oz,  Willie Wonka and the
Chocolate Factory, The Never Ending Story, or even more recent fare like
The
Secret Garden or Photographing Fairies. C'mon, you've got to admit this
flick is mediocre at best. Stop lapping up the hype and buying into every
stupid trend they throw at you. Discriminate a little.

			

Oh, the Show is  horrible. I read the books and expect the movie to be as
nice, but the movie turned out to be really sucky.Firstly there are too many scenes, with not much detail to each scene. If
you never read the book, You will probably lost. The show is going too
fast.Actors = grrrr = lousy.
They are lousy alright. They should never be in such a big movie. The
director should have chose better actors. All the actors in the movie are
lousy, if the not the worst.Background music - I dont think they put in any effort about the music. It
is the same music for the whole movie. Rather annoying.Lastly, the director sucks. i dont care if he directed Home Alones, he
definitely suck at these. Steven Spielberg would have done a better job.
But
he bowed out when JK Rowling said the actors must be British. He was right.
No offence to British people.Now, i suggest you should spend money on Lord of the Ring. Wait till The
Secret Of Chamber is out. Hopefully he will be in his right
mind.Disappoint  -  4/10

			

The movie was good, but unfortunately lacked the proverbial magic that the
book had.  The director's cut was supposedly too long, and a lot of parts
were cut out - perhaps this could have something to do with it.  Another
example of Hollywood producers ruining a great book?  Perhaps.The casting was a bit off - the most glaring error was that of Albus
Dumbledore. Richard Harris failed to bring out the "twinkle in the eye"
that
was necessary for the Headmaster's character.  Robbie Coltrane was a
standout as Rubeus Hagrid, and stole the show.  The main characters?  Ron
Weasely was also *very* well portrayed by Rupert Grint.  Harry and
Hermione
were well done, but again, nothing exceptional.  One can expect them to
improve in the next movie.The most disappointing thing about the movie is the lack of character
development:  A large portion of the cast was composed of very strong,
veteran actors and actresses(Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, etc etc.) -
However, none of them truly got a chance to "work their magic" with the
audience, as they are not on the screen for long enough.  Even before the
release of the movie, it was clear it was going to make a lot of money at
the box office - this makes it even more of a pity that the director was
not
allowed to show the audience the full version of the movie.  This could
have
significantly improved the movie.  Would a three or 3.5 hour movie be too
long for children?  Probably, but having an intermission tends to break up
the "monotony" of the movie.The bottom line is that this movie still should be seen - it is well done,
but not nearly as good as the book - Given the choice between the two,
spending the three hours reading the book is much more fruitful than
spending the two-and-a-half watching the movie.
			

I thought the Harry Potter books were pretty good (at least the first 3) but
I wasn't expecting much for this movie. Let's just say it sunk a lot lower
than my bad expectation...The acting in this movie is horrible. The only thing that made me stay in
the theater was the fact that I had 2 friends with me, and together we could
laugh at this sorry attempt and the bad acting.The stupid jokes were the only thing that was not funny in this movie. On a
final note, let's just say that if I could give this movie a zero instead of
a 1, I would...
			

First, the bad things:I know it's not easy for anybody to make a Harry Potter movie, especially
since the book provides a story that is so rich in details and imaginative.
Take the move of setting from Privet Drive to the Hut-on-the-Rock. The movie
doesn't give enough explanation of that, and therefore only those who have
read the book would understand. Of course there are very few people in
Europe and North America who hasn't read the book(s), but the filmmakers
should also consider other parts of the world where Harry Potter is not
quite as popular.The difference between the four houses is not explained at all, and
therefore it causes some wonder why Harry said to the Sorting Hat, "Anything
but Slytherin". What's wrong with Slytherin? the "Muggles" may
ask.Another thing, Hermione cannot seem to make up her mind about what to call
he-who-must-not-be-named. Even in one scene (when the trio are talking near
the fireplace) she called him "you-know-who", and then "Voldemort". And in
the book we know that the reason Harry's scar hurt when he first saw Snape
was because Snape "looked past Quirrell's turban" but this was not showed in
the movie.Now: the good things:
All in all, I should say a very impressive movie and one that shouldn't be
missed if you're a Potter-mania. The kids don't act very well but the
grown-up actors and actresses are of top quality. Alan Rickman is especially
great. Can't wait for the sequel.
			

Acting and Casting:  pretty good.  Maggie Smith and Robbie Coltrane steal
the show.  The three kid actors are ok, but I've seen better in TV series.
Richard Harris is ok, but is just not Dumbledore.  Too serious by far.
Better would have been Graham Crowden or Freddie Jones, both could have
brought just a little bumbling into the character.  Alan Rickman is good,
but is not menacing enough.  In the books, he simply oozes nastiness, in
the
film he's bland.  Both the Richard Harris and Alan Rickman problems are
directorial errors, rather than lack of abilities on the part of the
actors.Effects:  on the whole, very good and not too intrusive.  On the down
side,the troll is a joke.  It looks like a cartoon, and is not in the
slightest a terrifying sight - no wonder Hermione doesn't seem scared. On
the plus side, the entrance to Diagon Alley is superb, and the quidditch
game is likewise.Storyline:  On the whole it is good. You are always going to miss some
parts
of the book in an adaptation, but here there are important sections
missing,
notably the "Norbert" dragon sequence ending with the trip to the top of
the
tower where Harry loses his invisibility cloak, which is returned to him.
Also the sequence where Hermione chooses the potions in Snape's trap.
Aside
from this, most of the important tags are there, with one or two new
episodes to replace large amounts of text.  However, unforgiveable is the
lack of attention to the Dursley family.  They are what makes Harry Harry,
as much as his parentage.  The book is a quarter of the way through before
Hagrid arrives on the scene, yet in the film, the titles are barely over.
Likewise, the replacement of one enemy (the Dursleys, Dudley in
particular)
with another (Slytherin, Malfoy in particular) shows as a shallowness in
Harry's character in the final cut.Having said all that, both I and my Kids (18 and 16) thoroughly enjoyed
all
153 minutes, and will probably watch it again.  It's a definite addition
to
the "DVD to buy" list.Overall  7 out of 10
			

This movie was not on my list of movies to see, but due to extenuating
circumstances I found myself in the theater for this movie.  The best part
by far was the Lord of the Rings trailer that was previewed before the
movie.  I thought the movie was as decent of a rendition of the book as
could be done in a two and a half hour movie, but lacked a lot of things
which go back to the book.  The problem I have with the book and with the
movie is the cult following that Harry Potter has, when it is nothing more
than a kids story.  There are much better stories out there for kids and
especially adults that make this story look cheap.  The book was
entertaining, but lacks depth and a thought-provoking plot.  When I was
young I was reading Lord of the Rings, The Count of Monte Cristo, the
Three
Musketeers and other classics.  These books help build vocabulary, develop
the mind, and lead to reading other classics that provide a foundation for
writing and creative thinking.  I have read the first Harry Potter book,
and
found the writing style repetitive, and the reading level less than
desirable for anyone but a third grader.The movie was an entertaining kids movie, just as the book is an
entertaining kids book.  The fact that it is so popular in our society is
a
sad testament to the lack of intelligence and the incompetence of adults
and
children that have grown up in the present age of cheap
thrills.
			

What can I say, I've not read the books and i'm not gonna now. After JK
Rowling's pathetic feature I grudge giving the Rowling Potter machine any
more cash.
Why?
The film lacks everything, wooden acting with a script that should end
Steven Kloves' career(but won't due to the hype behind this waste of
celluloid)(really Steve, Wonder Boys was good, baker boys was fantastic,
but
Potter should be your epitaph). Maggie Smith's Script was cringingly poor,
Robbie Coltrane started the film as a 'Ooo bee there farmer' from
Cornwall,
and ended up as his usualy Glaswegian self, part from that he was by far
the
best Adult in the film. Rickman was well.... typical Rickman, no thought
to
his character in the script as he could have been better used. All other
actors like Cleese, Hunt and Walters had the right idea, and lasted about
2
minutes each(take the money and run folks)
The CGI in the film was appauling, note all the scenes with the castle in
the background and anything in front of it. This was not helped by the
trailer of Lord of the Rings being screened before the film started.(Chris
Dickson has no idea on Special effects, and no doubt the review was
written
by Rowling herself)
The ending was dull and could have been more interesting than it's failed
attempt. As for the twist at the end and how Harry Beat Voldemort, 'Oh
yeah
I got it....' it was clear to the whole audiance that it was a complete
copout(underlying message was okay if the kids would ever have the brains
to
work it out, too deep and meaningful for the film).
The film should have been a 3 part kids drama, the cgi would have looked a
bit better on the small screen(but still not good, it would have looked
like
a medium budget TV dramas attempt at special effects). But hey they need
all
those toys sold this christmas... Why was the film made
again?Above all else the plot drags on and on, (being a H potter newbie I was
really interested in finding out what all the hype was about) and is 1
hour
longer than it should have been. Kids will really really want to go and
see
it, Adults will really really want to take their kids, not for the kids to
see the film, but to get 2 hours of their kids sleeping(sorry to all those
adults with Hyper kids, you'll just get more agro).Anyway enjoy! and remember each cinema ticket bought means another 6 films
will be made.BTW If Harry Potter has a record opening ticket sales, I'd say it was a
fix,
as the film was being screened in every local cinema(apart from the
arthouse
cinemas who have some sense of pride) every half hour from 8:15 am until
9:30 PM on at least 6 or 7 screens.

			

African-Americans have FUBU, kids have the Harry Potter movies (I
should take that back so Black America doesn't hunt me down for the
insulting comparison). If you're under 8 and dig witchcraft, or you
really like bad (and I mean BAD) acting in a high-budget movie, you
might love it. If, however, your intellectual age is over 12, I would
recommend avoiding this terribly long, drawn-out exhibition of
children's sorcery -- WORST movie I've ever sat through in the theater.
Yes, worse than "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" and even
"Master of Disguise." The first hour, at least I had a bucket of
popcorn to keep my interest. When it wasn't over after 90 minutes, I
tried to take a nap but my bucket of cherry coke had me wired. My
friend seemed to be enjoying it, so I tried to give it a chance. By the
2-hour mark, I wanted to commit suicide, but the theater apparently
expected this reaction and restricted me from bringing in any weapons.
I decided to stay and avoid the traffic, so I clipped my finger nails
and toe nails (I guess if someone can hijack an airplane with clippers,
I could have done some much-needed damage to myself, but I didn't think
about that at the time). People really need to stop saying it's a movie
to be enjoyed by everyone. There's a reason almost half of the reviews
are saying everything from overrated to worst movie of all time. Guess
where I stand.

			

Ok , i'm sorry to write these words but ... Harry potter the movie is A
DISASTER MOVIE , No offence . I read the book first cause the movies
wasn't
out , and J.K.Rowling did a very good job on the book i mean i stayed up
late to read a blasted book . And let me tell ya that i don't read books
very often , and i don't like'm either . But , but Harry potter was an
exeption , read it liked it , and then i went at the movie , and there i
got
not disapointed but VERY VERY DISSAPOINTED . The subject is way off target
,
who is harry what's with him , how come harry went to the zoo why , the
movie makes no sence until you read the book . I saw the movie , but
unfortunetly i didn't finish the first book , from the half of the movie i
couldn't understand a THING THAT WAS GOING ON !!! I know it's a movie for
kids but do they understand something from the movie cuz honestly i didn't
at all . very bad movie i recomend that you buy the book and read it than
go
to the movie !!!
			

My sister, bless her heart, used to work in a bookstore, and brought the
novel this turkey is based upon home one day. After everyone else in my
family had read it, I decided to give it a go because I had little better to
do at the time. I wound up throwing the book across the room in around
thirty pages, feeling that not only had my intelligence been insulted, so
too had the already-persecuted-enough faiths of Wicca and its pagan
relatives.So when I was given the chance to see this film for free, as long as I
delivered my considered opinion to the local distributor when it was all
over, I knew I should have let someone else take the assignment. But I just
couldn't let fate smack me in the face once without giving it a chance to
even out the marks. I basically had a similar reaction to the film that I
did to the book: I walked out on it in about thirty minutes. As for what I
told the local distributor, it runs something along the lines of missing the
book's feeble, so-obvious-it-will-make-you-shake-your-head-in-despair
attempts at satire and not being all that well-acted to boot. It is nothing
more than a 152-minute commercial for a bunch of merchandise that is
basically useless and prone to falling apart, but it does have Harry's
visage on it.Since this film has been released in Australia, there has been constant
comparisons between it and the upcoming Lord Of The Rings adaptations. There
is no comparison for the following reasons: LOTR treats its audiences with
respect, LOTR treats the faiths, cultures, and peoples it takes a lot of its
details from with respect, and LOTR is not aimed at the lowest possible
common denominator. Now that I have that out of the way, I'll just sit back
and bask in my superiority to HP fans until the local distributor gets
around to releasing LOTR this boxing day. :P
			

This game simply was the worst fantasy like movie I have seen till this
date. They tried to compensate the bad acting in this Disney type movie with
great special effects. I really look forward to Lord of the Rings since then
I can finally forget this movie. The only reason it was a box-office hit was
becuase of the extreme hype about the movie.

			
This movie is awful.Although it has some good actors.Emma Watson is
horrible and i can't understand why is she in this movie.She is so
terrible that you can't compare with other young actress like Dakota
fanning and i think she isn't going to make more famous movies except
harry potter saga. I can't see her in Hollywood movies with famous
stars like NICOLE KIDMAN,TOM CRUISE or DUSTIN Hoffman.EMMA WATSON
STINKS. She is horrible in all harry potter's movies.The most horrible
acting is in HARRY'S POTTER AND THE STUPID Prisoner OF AZKABAN.She is
the worst actress actress i have ever seen in my life.In this movie she
is a teenager and she's horrible.she has a mud-face and frizzy-hair.She
is going to be very bad in harry potter and the goblet of fire.Please
Michael come here :regards to CHARLEY
			
This film is an absolute shocker, i honestly can't get my head around
the thousands of harry potter fans who stalk JK Rowling, swarming to
her like a plague of flies to something not so pleasant. Now believe me
i give the books very little credit as they are predictable, boring and
predictably boring, but even i can see that the films, especially harry
potter and the philosopher's stone, are a poor portrayal of a dull
book.The acting is actually painful. I read a review of the film saying that
credit should go to some performances. There are no performances,
granted it would take a hell of a display to make this film
entertaining, but the actors chosen don't even have a go. The parts of
the film which i can only presume should be taken seriously turn out
just laughable. Comedy is the only positive that can be taken from this
film, oh and its in colour! "Im , I'm a what?"
			

I eagerly ripped open my rented DVD of Harry Potter and fell asleep one
hour
into this farce. BORING! BORING! BORING! Run away! Run far away!The
characters are contrived, the plot is a see through as a sieve and gees,
the
only good thing was the hockey-like game they tried to play in the middle
of
the movie. 
			

This movie was completely boring, and dull. You can cut out the whole
middle and you wouldn't notice. They could have done alot, alot, alot
better. When I was watching this movie, I said, "Screw it, I'm just
gonna see LORD OF THE RINGS.
			
For a start, the correct title of the book is 'Harry Potter and the
PHILOSOPHER'S Stone'. Could the retitling of the film have anything to
do with the fact that the only audience for this film is actually too
dense to have any clue in hell as to what a philosopher is, or for that
matter, be able to read it. I think that it's time for a lesson in
language from Yodapoo:- P-H-I-L-O-S-O-P-H-E-R: Now that wasn't hard was it? Let's find out
what it means. - To take an etymological perspective: it comes from the
Athical Greek words "phileisthai" - to love and "sophia" - wisdom; now
let's see if you can muster enough brain cells to decipher what this
could mean (hint: it's a noun) Hmmm... the word 'philosopher' doesn't seem to be as linguistically
complicated as some may think. Maybe whoever had the final word on what
the film would actually be named woke up one morning and mistook his
caffeine pills for 'stupid pills'. Idiots.As for the film itself, the people who made it bought a cauldron,
filled it with cinematic turd, brought it to an even boil and carried
out the following recipe (for disaster):- Child actors as untalented as they are over paid. - An already poor
and unbelievable plot. - A distinct lack of any thing at all: the film
was not funny, dramatic, scary, adventurous or any other adjective
which I can't be bothered to think of right now.In short, this film bites. If you haven't already had the misfortune of
watching this cinematic failure, do not- save yourself! This film has
less cinematic merit than a blank screen. Once again, avoid this film;
disassociate yourself with this film or anything to do with it.
			

Harry Potter, the pretend friend of all little children who want to
follow in the footsteps of beelzebub himself. That's not the worst
thing, how can anyone in their right mind like Harry Potter? "Oh yes
he's so cool because he can fly and because he wears black and carries
a wand,", So? That's the same description of Batman! Thing is no one
should ever entrust the fate of the world to a kid with a bowl haircut
who is as vicious and obviously much stupider than his opponents. It is
not realistic that any child like that could defeat a snail. I tell you
truthfully, harry potter does and always will suck, if you don't agree,
then deluding yourself you are!!! GO HOME AND CRY!

			

This is the worst movie i have ever seen!! What the hell!! I just wasted
2.5 hours of my life on this crap and i'll never get it back! Never! This
movie sucked big time and i would pay NOT to see it!! LORD OF THE RINGS was
waaaaaaaaaaaaaay better. This was a little kid's show and was soooooooo
boring. I almost feel asleep lik 8 times during the
movie..........*sighs*
			

First, the bad things:I know it's not easy for anybody to make a Harry Potter movie, especially
since the book provides a story that is so rich in details and imaginative.
Take the move of setting from Privet Drive to the Hut-on-the-Rock. The movie
doesn't give enough explanation of that, and therefore only those who have
read the book would understand. Of course there are very few people in
Europe and North America who hasn't read the book(s), but the filmmakers
should also consider other parts of the world where Harry Potter is not
quite as popular.Another thing, Hermione cannot seem to make up her mind about what to call
he-who-must-not-be-named. Even in one scene (when the trio are talking near
the fireplace) she called him "you-know-who", and then "Voldemort". And in
the book we know that the reason Harry's scar hurt when he first saw Snape
was because Snape "looked past Quirrell's turban" but this was not showed in
the movie.Now: the good things:
All in all, I should say a very impressive movie and one that shouldn't be
missed if you're a Potter-mania. The kids don't act very well but the
grown-up actors and actresses are of top quality. Alan Rickman is especially
great. Can't wait for the sequel.
			

I gave it a 1 in an attempt to counterbalance the idiots who probably gave
it a 10 just because it's Harry Potter.  In truth I'd give it a 6.5 or so.
It was a little boring...  The books, or at least the first one, which is
the only one I had the will to read, sucked, because they're incredibly
childish.  The movie is better simply because it moves much faster than the
boring, drawn out books.
			

Harry Potter was indeed a disgrace to the books. There was so many things
wrong in it.First thing. Steven Speilberg's magic was missing. Chris Columbus made it
very unrealistic. It is a reminder of Home Alone. The only difference is
that Home Alone was better.
Daniel Radcliffe is a very bad actor. He is too inexperienced for a role
in
such a big movie. Many better actors could have been chosen.The special effects are very unrealistic. For a $90 million movie they
should have been perfect. When Harry is flying away on the broom it was
clearly obvious that he was in front of a blue screen. The list could go
on
and on. The best effects this year belong to Jurassic Park
///.Bottom line: I don't know how anyone could think a movie could justify
with
the book. Impossible. I hope no more are made. 
			

     This is one of the most awful movies ever made. It is so satanic in
that there is so much witchcraft and evil stuff. Most people think theres
nothing wrong with a movie like this because its fictional. Its not though
the characters are fictional but the things they are doing are not
fictional. People everywhere think they are witches and they can cast spells
on you. All this movie is doing is encouraging little kids to practice the
same stuff to.
			

I don`t rate JK Rowling as a writer so when the hype machine stated that
HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER`S STONE ( As it`s called in Britain ) was
going to be faithful to the book I thought this was a film that wasn`t
worth
seeing but I decided to give it a chance , after all I hadn`t expected
much
from THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING but I ended up falling in love with Peter
Jackson`s beautiful masterpiece . But after watching THE PHILOSOPHER`S
STONE
my instincts had been proved right and in many ways the film had lived
down
to expectations .First of all I found it highly patronizing the way it talks down to its
audience in a very substandard Roald Dahl way . Secondly the film has far
too many characters that add nothing to the plot , and thirdly I`m not
sure
if the film actually has a plot . Yeah things happen but many of these
things don`t seem to lead to anything so why were they included ?I noticed the second Harry Potter film didn`t perform as well as hoped
which
gives me hope that the next films in the franchise bomb big time . And I
reckon Frodo Baggins could kick Harry Potter`s ass 
			
What i really do not get is why so many people like this film? Having
read the book first i truly fund it awful. I completely understand that
bits have to be cut for time but why add in scenes that add nothing
(why was there no peeves?). Also Daniel Radcliffes acting is just
awful. The scene where he is told that he is a wizard makes me want to
cry. Also the character of run could have had some more insightful
lines than "bloody hell". I really was expecting this to be great
knowing how good the book was but the film let me underwhlemed. Some
character also completely miss the mark. Draco malfoy is way over done,
instead of being snidely nasty but in this comes across as pantomime
bad. The only upshot of the film is Alan Rickman's Snape is spot on,
Robbie coltrane just about makes a reasonable Hagrid but Emma Watson's
Hermione is surprisingly good and upstages the other two so much that
it makes some timid scenes almost seem watchable.In summary the book could have made a great Oscar wining film but Chris
Columbus has failed and has succeeded in making a timid adventure movie
with poor acting
			

Initially I was against this series because the kids leave such huge messes
at the cinema where I work. Then I decided to rent the first movie and give
it a look to see what it is the kids love about it so much. Then it hit me:
it's the story of a no talent underdog who overcomes great obstacles with a
little help from his friends. And who doesn't like that? Overall, I'd say this is above average. I thought the three kids, Radcliffe
(Harry), Grint (Ron), and Watson (Hermione), gave capable performances, oh,
as did Felton, who played Draco. Also worthy of mention are Richard Harris,
Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and Robbie Coltrane. If this film has any
failing it may be that they try too hard to remind us of Harry's importance
(he IS important, but isn't that obvious from the fact that he's the title
character?).So give it a rental. 7/10
			

Harry Potter and the Sorceres  stone was an OK book,but the
movie was horrible.The acting beside Rupert Grint[Ron] and
Maggie Smith[Professer McGonagal] was the worst ever.Dan
Radcliffe made Harry loook shy and stupid where he falls in none
of those catagories.  Emma Watson who played ms.Granger
paused a lot meaning she forgot her lines.The story was a not
made for  a movie.This production made Mrs.Rowling[the author]
look bad.I usually like fantasy's but this was a horrible one.I want
to see how the next Harry Potter movie is if it's as bad as this was I
will feel Real bad for Rowling[the author].So veiwers never waste
your money on this movie.
			
This is a fantasy film, the first in the long-running series of Harry
Potter films, and is also known as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's
Stone. It is based on the novel of the same name, which is the first in
the long-running series of novels.An orphan lives in Surrey with his aunt, uncle and cousin - all of whom
resent him. He goes to live and study at Hogwart's School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry in Scotland. I cannot understand the massive popularity of this film, or why it
spawned so many sequels. It has dull dialogue, stock characters,
mediocre acting and a ridiculous plot. Before I watched it I heard a lot of critics, journalists, filmgoers
and people involved in making the film claim that there's a lot in the
film for adult viewers to enjoy. I strongly disagree with them and I
consider this to be a children's film. I can't see how any adult or
teenager can enjoy this nonsense. I haven't seen any of the sequels and have no intention of doing so.
			
I've read reviews for these films excusing the pathetic adaptations of
the stories to film because "they are for die hard fans who know the
story already". To know what is going on at all (especially in the
later films) one would certainly have to have read the books. Even as
kids movies they have left out so much of the fantastic novels, you
would almost think that the same people who hate the books and ban them
because of "satanic teachings" (HA!) produced these movies to dumb them
down to the point of their own ignorance and stupidity.The quality of film and even acting slightly increases throughout the
series, but as everyone else has already stated they are RUSHED!! It is
almost as though the entire cast were directed to read off their lines
as quickly as possible, and at times the acting is so horrible that I
almost think that I could do better with zero acting experience, but
probably not.The saving grace for me was the cast which fit well, and really saved
the other stuff in a big way. Kenneth Branagh in part two was my
favorite match out of the bunch.
			
Okay, I just need to explain, I didn't start to hate Chris Columbus'
work until I saw the difference that Alfonso Cuaron made when he
directed it. I have already seen the fourth film and I loved it, but if
you want to hear about that, search my name...Okay, this is why Chris Columbus sucks... this film was truly an
effects-filled family flick. It is more pleasing to those who didn't
read the book. Also, did anyone notice that Dan, Rupert, and Emma's
acting abilities didn't improve noticeably until they got a new
director, Cuaron, and then another one, Newell, with which they
improved a lot. Also, none of the kid characters really had
personalities! Instead of focusing on the characters, Columbus focused
on putting CGI into any place he could, thus drawing attention away
from the plot and characters, which are very believable despite all the
fantasy behind it. So, mainly what I just said is that Columbus focuses
mainly on the fact that these people are magical than the fact that
they have personalities.
			
This film was just plain poorly made, there is no trying to deny that.
It was based on a 300 page (fairly easy to adapt) world record breaking
novel that in the opinion of many is one of the best books ever
written. When it was announced that director Chris Columbus would helm
the project, many moaned and groaned, his previous works have lacked
in... erm... entertainment. Steve Kloves was assigned to adapt, Kloves
is not as seasoned a man as several other talented screenwriters. So we
now have a mediocre director and screenwriter assigned to one of the
potentially greatest films of all time. It was expected that the actors
who would eventually play the trio would have to be 'green'
(unexperienced) because veteran child actors are often not right for
franchise roles. So a new ensemble, a poor director, and a mediocre
screenwriter. But it could still have come out good right?... WRONG!
Chris Columbus' direction was absolutely appalling! His incoherent
transitions, unchanging camera angles, lack of any use of dolly shots,
over-use of tracking shots, monotonous lighting, and complete ignorance
to inform his actors how to actually act, immediately contributed to
the collapse of this picture. Kloves' writing didn't contribute any
quality to the abysmal film either. The novel was an epic: written as
an epic, described as an epic, and sold as an epic. So why was the
script written like a quirky independent film? Furthermore the CGI in
this film (despite Columbus' excuses of time restrictions) INEXCUSABLE!
You do not have ghosts float in 2D patterns as though designed on Apple
iMovie when you have a budget exceeds 100 Million dollars! Now: The
Ensemble. Too many reviews have been published tearing apart the acting
of the three actors portraying the most well known characters in
history. So I won't... JUST KIDDING! The acting was and remains now,
encased in DVD releases, some of the worst in cinema history. "You
mean? That thing was Voldemort?" was meant to be spoken in a
spine-chilling and dragged-out way that made the audience cringe in
terrifying realization, and was instead spoken as though Harry Potter
had stumbled upon a surprise party. Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson
deliver some of the MOST irritatingly bad lines ever spoken, it's
rather easy to simply learn to not over-act, to not under-act, to just
act! Espesially in a role so perfectly described in books. Rupert Grint
was tolerable. The movie was an enormous insult to the well-written
book of the same name and despite the hype surrounding the apparent
attraction ten year old girls have to Daniel Radcliffe (whose normal
weight does not fit the skinny persona described in the book) and the
"amazing" (gag) special effect, most critics and fans alike cannot bare
to even watch the film a first or for those unfortunate ones like
myself a second time. I only wonder if, somehow seeing how bad the
movie adaptation would be, J.K. Rowling would have instead named the
Centaur Firenze: Torgo.
			
This movie was clearly an attempt at making a quick grab for the
Christmas buck when it was released. I don't know if this movie was
severely butchered on the editing table, or if it was just plain badly
directed. It rushes through the story at break-neck speed, jumping from
scene to scene without any obvious connection between them (perhaps a
narrator could have solved this), resulting in a confused jumble of
dialogue and action. After seeing this film, I was SO glad that I had
read the book, otherwise I probably would have been wondering what the
heck was going on for most of it. This movie is what you get when you
try to squeeze the contents of an entire novel into a single film, and
then continue to cut it down to fit the attention-span of an eight year
old. Recommended only if you're under the age of 10, or are extremely
familiar with the book.
			

Word for word, it followed the book.  Some people may see this as a good
thing, but the best film adaptations of books are the ones that take the
FEELINGS and THEMES from the book and transform them from the written format
to the screen.  This movie, however, was like listening to a cassette of the
book with silly little special effects and poor animations carrying out the
actions.For a kids movie, this was entirely too long.  I had a time sitting through
the dull 2 1/2 hours, and I'm an adult.  There was no plot, no action, just
a whole bunch of character development.  Maybe the next 2 movies will be
better now that we've got all the characters, the school, the history, the
animals and the spell components established.
			

I watched Harry Potter And The Philosopher's Stone on Sky not expecting
too
much from it. However, it was far worse than the low expectations I had
set
out for it. As someone who hasn't read the book(s) I thought I was in a
good
position to review the film for what it is, a film. However, if you
haven't
read the book you are unlikely to understand much of what is going
on.Most of the scenes and things that happen do so fairly randomly and for
much
of the time everything seems pointless. I can't recall the number of times
I
saw a scene and thought how useless to the 'going-nowhere' plot it was. As
well as this, there are scenes included that are obviously relevant to the
book but seem to have little relevance to the plot of the film. For
example,
the ghost like characters were utterly irrelevant and clearly had no
purpose
in the film whatsoever, adding to the needlessly extensive running time.
Then there are the long, drawn out shots of the Hogwarts interiors which
are
obviously included so the film makers can show off how faithful to the
book's descriptions their sets are.It is these points that mainly annoy me about HPATPS because it is simply
a
film adaptation of a book that has quite obviously not been adjusted for
the
screen rendition at all. The pages of the book have been copied over to
the
script without any logical thought making for a confused mess of a
movie.The film would have been much better being a tighter version of the book,
missing out characters and scenes that were of little significance. This
is,
of course, what has been done in the 'Lord of the Rings' trilogy of films
with some plot elements being changed entirely to suit the screen and its
audience.Visually, 'The Philosopher's Stone' is inferior to many films I have seen
in
the past decade and for a film made in 2001, it is very disappointing in
this respect. The CG is almost entirely unconvincing with the Quidditch
stadium being the most laughable. Perhaps if the rest of the film had been
made in a cartoon like style it would have worked but the dark stone
interiors and attempts to make the otherworldly creatures look realistic
are
too much of a contrast to the brightly coloured outdoor arena. This is
most
hilarious at the end of the quidditch game when Harry is stood on the CG
super-flourescent green grass. Then it immediately cuts to a shot outside
of
Hogwarts where the grass is real, and much darker.Obviously, readers of the Harry Potter books will get a lot of enjoyment
out
of a film that lifts the pages of the book and presents you with one
person's vision of how it would look in 'reality'. It doesn't allow you to
think at all, simply throwing too much Harry Potter detail into your face
which, if you're like me, will have its eyes shut and be snoring away by
the
'climax'. 
			

There is only one surprise in this otherwise predictable story, I will not
reveal it so as not to spoil it for all the other people who will want to
watch the movie.If this is a true example of what the books are like, then the adults who
read the book on the train in the morning are sadder than I first
thought.Utter tripe and overrated for what it is, oh and think J K Rowling might try
and make her anti-catholicism a bit more obvious.
			

I am a Harry Potter fan...I can't cement that idea in your head before I start getting on this movie
but I want to underline it anyway, <u>I am a Harry Potter
Fan</u>...Now can somebody pass me the Pebto Bismol?  I'm going to be
sick....I read "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" a few months before the
movie
was released on DVD and I was delighted by the story -- meek and meager
Harry Potter just happens to be from a line of Wizards and and the
whirlwind
tale that takes place during his first year at Hogwarts...I thought to myself that with all the cheer and hoopla over the movie, it
would be just as enjoyable as the book.  I was proven totally wrong in
Chris
Columbus' vision of Harry and his world.There were some things I enjoyed about the movie - Ian Hart (who's most
memorable role before this was as John Lennon in 1994's "Backbeat") as
Professor Quirrel, Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid, Rupert Grit as Ron Weasley,
Alan Rickman (as usual) as professor Snape, the Late Richard Harris...
But
the key things in the movie I couldn't stand was hwo Chris Columbus made
Harry the center of the world and how he and Steven Kloves screenplay
failed
to tell the story in a compelling cinematic way....I don't know if it was Daniel Radcliffe or Columbus that decided that
Radcliffe should play the roll of Harry as a model instead of as a human
being...  Nor do I know if it was Kloves or Columbus that decided to
downplay the difference between Muggles and Wizards and how Harry's
parents
avoided telling him the truth about his parents....  Or even forgoing
telling us how VILE this kid's existence was with his Aunt and Uncle until
he was rescued by Hagrid....  This stuff alone repulsed me and turned me
off
to the movie entirely.Then there's the point where Harry was always brought to the forefront in
scenes.  He stood in the front of groups, he sat in the front of classes
when he was a key person in a scene....  Yes, he is the STAR of the movie
and the person the story revolves around, but mix in the kid's story-book
persona with everything else -- he was always just another kid with
hand-me-down's....  Ridiculed and revialed by those surrounding him...
His
image could be a stand out in a group -- but not the leader of the group
(and by group I mean students in general - not just Hermione and Ron and
Neville)...I shouldn't get on Daniel for his portrayal - he's a kid and of course he
isn't a shakespearean actor...  Meaning my negative review for him should
be
only negativity rested upon Chris Columbus' vision which I see as a
failure.
Yes, the big budget and monetary return proves otherwise, but when you
have
a childrens phenomenon on the big screen, you will always get large
returns.
Look at Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and how they did in the box office,
or
even Pokemon's first movie...  
			

This film has some of the worst child acting I've ever seen. 
Admittedly it's very difficult to put all the richness of the book into a
short film, but did they have to leave out characters completely. The
sets were very well done but needed to be complemented with
some competent acting, which they weren't. Very disappointing.
			

There is a classic early 90's Far Side cartoon that shows 3 people standing
in an otherwise empty room with a banner hanging overhead painted with the
letters, 'DLDWWS.' The acronym means "Didn't Like Dances With Wolves
Society." Gary Larson really captured a phenomenon I'd call the 'societal
embrace.' Enough people give a product their stamp of approval that it
nearly becomes propaganda. No person can escape at least making a decision
about that product. This cultural phenomenon has happened many times,
including this year, most notably with feature films. In late 2001 and early
2002, there was no escape from Harry Potter. With that, I hereby begin DLHPSSS (Didn't Like Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone Society). The first half hour or so I found interesting.
Then I noticed that the film continued to roll, but there was still no sign
of an actual story. Poor Harry had no objective. There was no jeopardy. Two
hours in, finally, something. There's this magic stone created by the
world's most powerful wizard (probably all that's protecting him from mass
ridicule over being named Dumbledore). By that time I had ceased to care. I
can't remember ever caring less how a film was going to end (or wishing more
that one simply would). The ending that did eventually come, frankly, stunk.
Not only did it keep going, but they add to the agony by reminding the
audience of the useless points contest between the houses. I was actually
happy when the Slitherin house won. They even ruined that moment for me.On the way out, my brother, who I saw this with, made a good analogy. He
said the film was like "Pirates of the Caribbean" or some other Disneyland
ride where you just travel through and watch various animatronic things jump
out at you. There's no real story, it's just a bunch of neat things to look
at. "Harry Potter" isn't far off from this. The plot is missing for so long
that it ends up being a whole lot of nothing.     It's been a long time since "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" was
released, so long that I'd forgotten why I avoided seeing it in the first
place. I sensed that director Chris Columbus, fearing rejection from the
book's untold numbers of adorers, had stayed extraordinarily faithful to its
content, making "Harry" a cash cow just waiting to be fed. There was no risk
involved for the film's creators, who knew its audience came built in. None
of this is any fault of Rowling's. I'm sure she's written a fine book (yes,
I'm the one who hasn't read it yet.) There's a big difference between
cinematic storytelling and the dramatic arc of a novel. A novel can survive
on details and character alone for a long time. "Harry Potter" tries to
survive for too much of its ungodly 2.5-hour length on just following Harry
around before finally doing something with him. It's a shame because the
character is actually intriguing.  I never bought into the "Harry Potter" propaganda, but there I was, buying a
ticket anyway. I sensed a hesitation from the ticket seller, actually, when
I heard 'Harry Potter' come out of my mouth, like he was giving me one last
chance to change my mind ("Dude, are you sure you want to see THAT movie?") 
Curiosity got the best of me. I find solace in that there are still a couple
of people out there who haven't seen it who can still be saved. Maybe I
should have seen it sooner.Grade: D+ 

			

There is a classic early 90's "Far Side" cartoon of 3 people standing in
an
otherwise empty room with a banner hanging overhead painted with the
letters, 'DLDWWS,' which stands for "Didn't Like Dances With Wolves
Society." Gary Larson really captured a phenomenon of what I'd call the
'societal embrace.' People look for things to identify with to make them
feel like they're a part of mass culture. Enough people give this product
their stamp of approval that it nearly becomes propaganda. No person can
escape at least making a decision about that product. People are more
likely
to decide something's good if someone else tells them it's good, even
though
they would have felt indifferent otherwise. This cultural phenomenon has
happened many times, including this year. In late 2001 and early 2002,
there
was no escape from Harry Potter. (pronounced 'Paw-TUH' because I've rarely
heard it said otherwise. Hogwarts, Middle Earth, Ridley Scott, James Bond,
Austin Powers, Shrek-talking like a stuffy brit is definitely cool again.)With that, I hereby begin DLHPSSS (Didn't Like Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone Society). The first half hour or so I found interesting.
Then I noticed that the film continued to roll, but there was still no
sign
of an actual story. Poor cute little Harry had no objective. There was no
jeopardy. Two hours in, finally, something. There's this magic stone
created
by the world's most powerful wizard (probably all that's preventing him
from
mass ridicule over being named Dumbledore), see and-oh never mind. By that
time I had ceased to care. I can't remember ever caring less how a film
was
going to end (or wishing more that one simply would). The ending that did
eventually come, frankly, sucked. Then they add to the agony by reminding
us
that there was the points contest between the houses. I was actually happy
when the Slitherin house won. They even ruined that moment for me.On the way out, my brother, whom I saw this with, made a good analogy. He
said the film was like 'Pirates of the Caribbean' or some other Disneyland
ride where you just travel through and watch various animatronic things
jump
out at you. There's no real story, it's just a bunch of neat things to
look
at. Same thing with "Harry Potter." This is the most offensive kind of
film
to me, one that passes itself off as cinema, but is really just assorted
eye
candy. The effects and sets and cute kid actors are designed to make you
feel like you've been entertained when you've really just been gypped.It's been a long time since "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" has
been
released, so long that I'd forgotten why I avoided seeing it in the first
place. I sensed, knowing that director Chris Columbus had stayed nearly
verbatim faithful to the book, that this was a cash cow just waiting to be
fed. There was no risk involved for the film's creators, who knew its
audience came built in. Now it's up for a Golden Laurel award, which is
the
Producer's Guild of America's year-end pat on the back for 'excellence in
producing a motion picture,' which translates as 'best job of making lots
of
money on a motion picture.' (Why do movie producers need a guild? No one
knows. No one wants to ask. But that's for another time.) The award should
be replaced by something that looks more like the one they give the
winners
of the MTV Movie Awards: a gold-encrusted bucket of popcorn. "Harry
Potter"
producer David Heyman should certainly win for creating the 'movie project
that moved the most popcorn at cineplexes worldwide.'I never believed in the "Harry Potter" propaganda and I was right. But
there
I was, buying a ticket anyway. I sensed a hesitation from the vendor,
actually, when I heard 'Harry Paw-TUH' come out of my mouth, like he was
giving me one last chance to change my mind. ("Dude, are you sure you want
to see THAT movie?") Curiosity got the best of me. My solace is that there
are still a couple of people out there who haven't seen it who can still
be
saved. Maybe I should have seen it sooner.Grade: D

			

With the exception of a few impressive visual scenes, this film is 
unbearable. I generally like kids, but this film had me rooting for the
bathroom ogre and the 3-headed monster dog to eat all children in sight,
especially the three principal actors. They're awful - mostly due to
painful overacting for which we can blame poor direction. If Hermione
doesn't get on your last nerve, nothing will. Yeah, so the film has some
heartwarming positive messages, but the characters are so non-endearing
and the storyline is so mechanical that in the end, you just
don't care.
			

I went to this movie with much expectation, since I am very fond of Fantasy
books and movies, and was disappointed, just like I was disappointed from
the book.This is a kid's movie, one that you'll take your 10 year old brother or 8
year old daughter. Definitely not a movie for people who are over 18 (just
like the book, in my opinion at least).But then again, the book and the movie broke selling records all over the
world, so I must be wrong...
Amazing production, for kids.
If I were a minor, I'd give it 12 out of 10 on the Big Max scale. Since I'm
not, 2 out of 10 is more likely.

			
This is what happens when you let an American director completely spoil
a superb British book (yes nothing to do with America at all). There is
so much missed out of this film that was in the book, and some of the
parts that are in the book have been changed and they are so lame it's
unbelievable. As for the characters, I don't think i've ever seen an
actor (if you can call him that) as wooden as Daniel Radcliffe. Another
mistake by the Americans, picking an actor as expressionless as
Radcliffe to play our main character. Ron is OK, but he is how you
would imagine him to be. Hermione may be fit but she's way too soppy
for the film and doesn't do the Hermione from the book justice. As for
Alan Rickman as Snape, you couldn't pick a worse person for the part.
Don't get me wrong, Rickman is a fantastic actor, but I couldn't stand
to watch him in this. His performance can only be summed up in one
word: pathetic. Now that Columbus and Cuaron have f*cked off and handed
over the directing reigns to an Englishman, I look forward to the new
film, the Goblet of Fire. I hope that this new director, brings Harry
Potter to life and save the books, now that Chris Columbus and Alfonso
Cuaron have given them such a sh*t reputation with their weak,
atrocious portrayals of what is, in my opinion, one of the best books
I've ever read. Miss it if you can, and oh yeah, i am not prejudiced
against Americans but it's called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's
Stone, none of this Sorcerer's Stone crap thank you very much!
			

I found this film to be insultingly bad.  Yes, it was pretty.  But there
was
very little to like in it.  The acting (except for Snape) felt stilted,
the
F/X weren't well polished, and the writing was simply terrible.The worst part of all had to be the graduation ceremony, where the
unfavored
team wins, and then has it's win overturned so that the favorite team wins
in a blatant display of favoritism.Snape alone keeps this film from being a 1.2/10
			

Nearly every single scene from _Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's (or
Philosopher's) Stone_ is in the movie, but there's still something missing.
Something big and very important, and it isn't Peeves.It's the heart.I saw this train wreck in a dollar theater and felt like I was having the
book read to me flatly. All it does is show you what the producers think
everything in the story looked like without ever bothering with what the
story was ABOUT. I know a movie's in deep, deep trouble when I really
couldn't give a pair of fetid dingo kidneys about the title character or his
friends.Do the little ones a big, big favor and sit them in front of "the
Neverending Story", which has got more imagination in any given frame of
film than "Harry" has in its entire running length.  And it does so while
(gasp!) NOT sticking slavishly to the book!
			

I'm a huge fan of the books, and I was hoping to like the movie.  But from
the first with Dumbledore turning out the lights it was sooo dismal and
depressing.  Where was the humour and warmth?  The acting was stilted. 
There were non-sequiturs galore, if I was watching this without having read
the book, I would have been foxed good and proper.I had a problem with most of the interpretation too - there was no "public
school" atmosphere to the place.  The wizards and witches spoke in an awed
way about their world, rather than with the matter-of-factness that is so
funny in the book.  Dumbledore was too serious, Snape barely said anything,
Potter was unexpressive, the bloody baron was rather too happy etc.  I liked
Snape, when he was around, Herminone, Ron, and McGonagall.The length was a problem too.  Who'd have thought a Harry Potter movie would
be so boring that you couldn't stand it for 2 1/2 hours
though?Maybe a problem was that they were trying to keep it too close to the book
and the studio took the shears to it when it turned out to be too
long?Anyhoot, sorry, but it was bloody awful :(
			

I get up at approx. 7am every morning and travel by public transport to my
relatively interesting job in PR. I have an option of routes either the
District line to the East End and then South, or the Docklands railway
through Canary Wharf. Whichever way I take, wherever the whim takes me one
thing is guaranteed - someone will always be reading a 'Harry Potter' (or
Louis De Bernieres, but don't get me started on that 'mandolin' film!).
These aren't kids, mind you - but fully formed adults with (assumedly) adult
sensibilities and understanding. People with entire libraries of educated,
intelligent writing at their disposal. Why, oh why, then are they being sucked in by this RUBBISH!I must confess, the 'hype', and the good words of friends, led me to order
all four books. Either luck, or fate, has intervened as it has been 10 weeks
since and they still havn't arrived. Good job - for as soon as they do
they're going straight back!My reasoning? The basis that the film, as being deemed by the author (the
perpetually miserable JK Rowling), is as close to the book as you can get.
It must truly, truly suck as a piece of fiction, because, boy, does it suck
as a movie?!The acting from the relative newcomers puts me in mind of the Children's
Film Foundation of the early 70's - stilted, unconvincing, poorly potrayed.
They are badly served by a shoddy script of half sentances and pointless
dialogue. The Adults - Maggie Smith, Richard Harris, Alan Rickman and Robbie
Coltraine play Maggie Smith, Richard Harris and Alan Rickman and Robbie
Coltraine. There have been lulled into this on the cheap and forced to act
out this appalling ABC of filmaking: "First I was orphaned, and then I
became a wizard, and then I went to school and then I learnt to fly and then
I found a three headed dog, and then I found a dragon, and then I found a
unicorn....", It just goes on and on. Crammed full of ideas that don't hold
together, and ultimately mean nothing, there is little suspense or
satisfying denouement.The special effects are good.This isn't even a film for kids, it's a film for kids that have read the
book. I guess the film-makers are (literally) banking that the hype of the
books will transfer to the screen. Let's face it, there's little else going
for it.
			

I think this movie disappoints due to its poorly done special
effects/animation.  EEEk!  My kids were horribly disappointed because things
"were not as they imagined it" and "looked fake" and (according to them)
"were outright wrong"!  Even basic blue-screening effects were simply
terrible, and FX were often used just to use them, as opposed to enhancing
the story.As most reviews state, this movie is NOT for the little ones - thankfully I
left my youngest at home with Dad!I read and thoroughly enjoyed the book, but the movie lacked the wit, charm
and fantasy world that one can only find in their imaginations.Wait for the rental!
			
I have to feel slightly kind towards this movie. After all it wasn't
that bad when compared to the newer movies. That being said, it still
is pretty bad. Numerous plot holes, and several bulls*** moments ruin
the movie. I mean this is bad, really bad. I could literally rant on
this film (and the franchise as a whole) for hours.Now I must admit, I liked this movie when I first saw it. Nowadays,
watching this movie again I can't take it seriously when there is
always something that takes me out of the movie. Whether it is the
terrible writing, the stupid characters, the boring plot, etc. there
are almost no scenes where I have questions or find something wrong
with it. The thing I do like about this movie and the other films as
well is that the cinematography is excellent. The lighting, sets, and
the special effects are all excellent. But that does little to save the
film.Most of my complaints would be forgivable if the story was good right?
Yet this is one of the laziest and the most poorly written stories in
film (and literature) history. This story has the most holes I have
ever seen. For starters: how come the Dursley's don't want Harry to go
to Hogwarts? Its pretty clear that they don't like him one bit, proved
by the way they constantly shove him aside and have him sleep in under
the F*****G STAIRS! IS THERE NO SUCH THING AS CHILD SERVICES IN
Britain?! I mean for gods sake! He sleeps in a f*****g cupboard, they
make him cook for them, he should sue their** for neglect or at the
very least, child cruelty. Anyway, back to why the Dursley's keep Harry away from Hogwarts,
wouldn't letting him go solve their problems? They don't like him, they
don't want him, so why not let him go?! It would get him off their
hands for a majority of the year. Harry would be happy, the Dursley's
will be happy, everyone wins.At this point I'm only 15 minutes into the movie and already I've lost
hope for it being any good. Any semblance of favorable nostalgia I have
for this film is long gone. Onto the Quidditch match, are there no such things as rules?! The
teacher who started the game off said that she wanted "a clean game."
Literally one minute later, two Gryffindore players have been injured
at the hands of the Slytherin players. I mean seriously, one of the
hits the goalie with a ball, two Slytherin players force one
Gryffindore player into one of the f*****g towers, falling down it onto
the field from what could be dozens of feet in the air while flying at
relatively fast speeds. Is there no such thing as a disqualification?!
Players must have a clean game but are free to hit and severely injure
players as much as they wish. I guess if they don't kill them than its
okay (sarcasm). The whole Quidditch scene baffled me. It made no sense
and was incredibly stupid as a whole.I feel this would be a good time to talk about the characters. First I
want to rant about Hermione. It's established that her parents are
muggles. If that's true, then how the f*** did she get into Hogwarts?
If her parents are not aware of the school than how did she get in? If
her parents are aware, than that must mean other parents are aware as
well, if so, then how come Hogwarts isn't getting flooded with people
trying to get in? It would make the selection process much more
prestigious and to be accepted would mean great things about your
family. Yet this possibility is immediately negated when Harry is
trying to get to Platform 9 3/4 when the worker there knows nothing
about the platform. (*Note: I am about to rant on this scene). When
Harry meets Ron and they go to the platform, how does no one see them
at all? One guy walks right past one of the Weasley kids goes running
into the wall and vanishes into thin air. HOW DO YOU NOT NOTICE THAT?!
HOW COULD YOU NOT NOTICE PEOPLE RUNNING INTO WALLS AND DISAPPEARING AND
NOT F*****G NOTICE?! THERE'S SUSPENSION OF DISBELIEF AND THEN THERE'S
INSULTING MY F*****G INTELLIGENCE! Then there is our main villain,
Voldemort. Aside from having the stupidest name for a villain in
history, his motivation is that he is just a power hungry a*****e,
nothing more.There is so much wrong with this movie, I could go on for another ten
minutes, but if you're still reading this then I will finish this up.The ending of this movie makes no sense whatsoever. When Harry goes
into that room with Professor Quirrell in it, Harry finally sees
Voldemort for the first time, and we see Voldemort on the back of
Quirrell's head. Not only is this effect laughable, it's downright
stupid. Voldemort looks just as silly as he does in the newer movies,
and not the least bit intimidating. Anyway, when Harry refuses
Voldemort's promise of power, he sends Quirrell to attack. Yet, when
Harry touches him, his hand melts in a way similar to that of acid. At
first I thought it was because Harry was an alien from Ridley Scott's
classic film, Alien, but no, that would have been cool. Instead, it is
all because of love. Love from Harry's mother who died to save
him...WHAT?! IT WAS ALL BECAUSE OF F*****G LOVE? THAT IS SO STUPID IT
BLOWS MY MIND! F*** THIS MOVIE! It's a stupid, idiotic mess of a movie
with terrible writing and stupid characters. I hated nearly every scene
in this movie. If it weren't for Alan Rickman and the good
cinematography, I would award this with a much lower score, but as it
stands, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a 4/10.
			
First off, I am going to give my modern day thoughts on Harry Potter
and the Philosopher's/Sorcerer's Stone since I just now watched it for
the first time in about 10 years. And then, I will tell my story. I
will begin with the positives to be nice. To be generous.80% of the special effects and sets worked extremely well with the
exception of showing both The Man With No Nose  oops, I'm jumping
ahead, I mean: The Man's Name They Only Speak Of Seldomly and ANY
flying sequence including that Rubbish, er, I mean Quidditch game.
Also, the film was a perfect fantasy for youngVERY YOUNG, that is,
kids. Oh, and the score was unbelievably great.Whew. Got that out of the way. Okay, here goes: the movie was too damn
long. The movie contained a minuscule amount of plot  or direction and
the bulk was just spliced together scenes of a freshman year at a
unique school. Quite frankly, it felt like 1,001 ideas and made up
names (for useless characters, random spells, odd or clichd wizardry
creatures and places) were basically thrown at us while hero Wesley
Crusher, a.k.a. Harry Potter, attempts to figure out what the whole
point to this mess is.What started off very nicely in a fantasy and magic-filled-world slowly
grinded to a halt so they could show off more fantastic sets and a
zillion characters and objects in a school bent on kidnapping kids to
learn sorcery. Eventually, it takes about an hour and forty-five
minutes or roughly fifteen minutes past what this movie should've been
clocked at, to learn what our "hero" (??) Harry Potter should
accomplish before the credits roll.By that point, I kept repeating two phrases over and over: "I don't
like this movie" (despite the graphics and the wonder it's showing me)
and that this is really made for the five and under crowds. Further,
when the movie finally did get past the climax of what Harry & Pals
(including his poor idiot ginger chap and know-it-all-bitch with
terrible hair) need to accomplishthere are FIVE endings. This movie
would never, ever, ever, ever end.Oh, and before the judgments roll in, I *have* read the book. Book one,
that is. I found it's all-but exactly, word-for-word as the adaption.
And that's not necessarily a good thing. Despite its approximately 300
pages, enormously large print, wide margins and drawings  all of which
would make it approximately 3 chapters of any normal Stephen King fare
 it's just as plot less as the movie until the end. All the way
through both the book and movie, I kept fantasying about other
movies/books I could be entertained by that contained a point to the
story from beginning to end.Now, that all said, it's not a terrible movie. It's a good intro to
what's to come and again, it's PERFECT for very young kids. Is it a
movie I will ever revisit, or as now, re-watch in another 11 years?
Hell no. Now, that I can finally write a review, I never have to
experience Harry's seemingly never-ending freshman year at Hogwart's
school.And now here's my take on my original screeningA Long Time Agoin our own galaxy, sort of, I watched Harry Potter Part
One  since it's known by two different names, for asinine reasons, I
will refer this as "Part One"  only due to a babysitting gig I was
coaxed into. I had already made up my mind not to see this film, since
swords/wizards/fantasy isn't my cup of British TeaBut, since I had
seven hours of babysitting two young boys, I thought: why not take up
an hour and a half on a movie they'll probably want to see?That was mistake one and two: forgoing my vow and that I mistakenly
thought it would be an hour and a half. Mistake number three was that
we went on weekend one or two  I can't recall, or I choose not to 
so, the theatres and parking lot were still jammed. We barely made our
show time after parking and getting snacks.Despite being tortured (SEE ABOVE REVIEW) for the movie's duration, I
was pleased I had just used up 5 of the 7 babysitting hours with the
journey there, movie and back. As for the boysboy, they LOVED the
movie. They LITERALLY sat on the edge of their seats the entire time.
(No joke.) Good for them. I'm glad the money I spent on their
entertainment and their snacks was well worth it.I, on the other hand, was squirming in my seat the entire time or at
least after the first pointless hour. I had NO IDEA that this was over
an hour and a half, let alone 2+ hours  I was so disinterested in
seeing this, I had completed no research. NO KID MOVIE SHOULD EVER BE
THAT LONG  I originally thought. Not to mention, no kids movie should
contain FIVE ENDINGSas stated above: the movie would never, ever end.Again, I remember the boys, one of which is my (now 15-year-old)
nephew, loved every single minute and as uncomfortable as I was, I'm
sincerely glad they had a good time. In fact, I need to make a point of
asking him if he remembers me taking him. He had to be between 4-5 at
the timeA year later, I would be dragged into seeing the remake/sequel with my
partner and suffice to sayI could write the same damn review all over
again.(Editor's Note: I decided to listen to the masses for this Harry POTter
phenomena and revisit the series. I've only seen the first two, both
once and in first run theatres. Since it's been around a decade since
the initial releases, I've started over with #1 and will get to what
everyone calls: the better years.)
			
I just don't understand... I CANNOT understand... what is the fuss
about? Why in heaven's name did this film receive so much praise? I
think that it's scarcely more than a blown-up, clap-bang-whizz
production with virtually no intent on telling the story properly as
making it look like some mega-fantastic phenomenon of some kind; a
chance for the producers to dangle their treasures, their ultimately
priceless possessions in the faces of the viewers so that you can't
miss the action whatever the situation is. Why else would the likes of
certain actors be present in roles that clearly don't suit them (or
else they don't suit the roles) as well as they might have done for
members of the acting profession who don't specially have notable
reputations and acclaim to support their good names (okay, maybe they
were of the right SORT to have played the characters, yet in regard to
the way they were presented in the books I perceived a lack of
performance and instead more of the "natural" style of acting; somehow
that ruined it for me).None of it seems as close to the book as could have been thought, and
having seen a few drama adaptations in my time, I should know. In some
way if there was little room for some things to be added, I'd put that
down to the sadly developed habit of the film's producers'/directors'
adding these little, unnecessary moments of (what are meant to be)
eye-popping freakish occurrences with the intent of making you sit up
in your seat (if that's really anything to do with the action or the
fact it's shown in such a epic way).While the film may have some things that don't rely greatly on
lavishness or known names (not that that's exactly bad on some
occasions) I can't see that there was ever much reason for making this
film from the beginning, except to turn the story of Harry Potter into
a complete spectacle (sorry for sounding blunt yet that's how it goes)
with the end result like an attempt to force the audience into being
astonished.It's no concern of mine if the film's remembered or forgotten, but I
know one thing for sure; anyone keen to see how stories evolve when
transferred from the book to the big screen, this is a good example
about getting "carried away."
			
Hurrendous! Daniel Radcliffe absolutely destroys this film. He has no
experience and he loves and enjoys himself far too much for anyone else
to enjoy the film. The facial expressions, the looks and the lack of
acting capability was so tragic it wasn't funny! Emma Watson and Rupert
Grint gave decent performances. And Maggie SMith ruled supreme. A few
good moments but the lead star dragged the film down so much it was
unbearably bad! Sorry a 3. Plot was pathetic and Daniel wrecked it!Some magic and feeling was in the film. And the film was attempted at a
low success rate. Better lead role and the points would come rolling
in. However I cannot possibly do that. Children and families seemed to
like it but I just think parts of the film could have been achieved
better.
			
The buzz surrounding this movie was massive. The huge amount of A-List
cameos was ever-growing. It was all so promising! And yet...it sucked.The child actors are the worst part of the movie ("You mean to
say..that person in the woods...that was Voldemort" - Say this line in
a monotonous way, exactly the same as you deliver every other line,
there you have Daniel Radcliffe). Emma Watson is the only half decent
child actor here, yet compared to other child stars (Dakota Fanning,
anyone?)she is rubbish. You actually see the 'trio' mouthing each
other's lines along with each other. Heheh, quite funny really! The
dialogue is laughable and all the darkness yet sly humour from the book
is sucked out and replaced by cheap toilet humour.Admittedly, the films are getting better as each one goes by, but I
just pray Goblet Of Fire is good.
			

I've read the first Harry Potter book and I greatly enjoyed it.  (As an
aside I'm also a conservative fundamentalist Christian who does not think
that Harry Potter is recruiting tool for Satan).However, I was greatly disappointed with this film.  With an hour to go I
was looking at my watch and hoping it would end soon.  The pacing was
terrible and for long stretches I was very bored.  Visually I felt it was
excellent but the screenplay adaptation was poorly done and at times the
acting was abisimal.  The book is far, far better and I doubt I'll bother with any future films. 
For a long book adapted right try "Fellowship of the Ring", a longer film
that did not drag and handled the "premise building" necessary in the first
film of a book adaptation series much better.The next films better be much better if its going to go the distance....If
this series goes to 7 films I'll eat a golden snitch.
			

I have, in all my life as a lover of both literature and the cinema, hardly
ever come upon a piece of work more unimaginative, more ugly, more
uninteresting, more lacking in suspense, more lacking in charm, more
greedy,
more incoherent... Okay, okay. I'll stop with the superlative negatives.
Surely there have been worse, and, yes, off the top of my head, I can think
of many that are worse. However, for a book that over 125 million people
have read, and for a movie that cemented the record for the biggest opening
weekend in history, and also for a book that has had not only kids but
critics singing its praises, and also for a movie which one particularly
fat-headed critic called the Wizard of Oz of its generation, I am more than
severely disappointed. I know that, had it not been so overhyped, it would
have been just as bad. Now, however, my anger for it is completely hardened
and it's going to be a passionate battle for me for years to
come.I go into an in depth criticism, but it would be impossible for me to keep
to 1000 words. There is hardly a piece of it that I liked. As a film, it
was
poorly edited, poorly acted (by most), poorly filmed. The only really
memorable scene is the troll in the bathroom, although the payoff to it
makes no sense whatsoever. The Quidditch game, which has been hyped to all
heaven, is completely boring and poorly created. It looks like the FX guys
created it with photoshop. When the chess game looked like it was about to
be the most exciting sequence in the film, Christopher Columbus, who, I
must
say, lives up to his reputation completely, begins to edit furiously. I
heard afterwards that this was done to avoid a PG-13. My immediate thought
is that the filmmakers didn't trust their young audience to enjoy watching
a
chess game, no matter how exciting it might have been. I'm still not sure
which story to buy.But the person I really want to tear into is J.K. Rowling. What a hack.
Never has the word "hack" been more fitting. A former waitress, her idea of
imagination is to call things by weird names. Only in the mind of a
psychopath (or idiot) could the name Draco Malfoy or a Cerberus clone named
Fluffy be considered clever. Writing children's literature is not
difficult,
but this is simply awful. She's clearly ripping off Raoul Dahl like there's
no tomorrow, especially in the exposition. The game of Quidditch, which
seems to be a drawing point of some sort, is absolutely nonsensical. As a
preteen, I invented much more interesting games with much less interesting
playing pieces. Quidditch is a game where people score ten points at a
time,
unless someone catches a special type of ball, which ends the game
immediately. So theoretically, the game could end in thirty seconds. And
all
the other forms of scoring matter not at all. And let's talk about the
surprise climax. Really, anyone could have been standing in front of that
mirror at the end. It is tremendously unclever. And the penultimate
sequence, where the crown is awarded to the best dorm, is anticlimactic and
just rude to the children of Slytherin, We only hate one of them, so why
should we be happy that the award at first goes to them, and then is
cruelly
snatched away. And what about Hogwart, anyways? If you're not supposed to
use magic when you're away from Hogwart, why the heck would you want to be
a
wizard anyways?Friends, you're well on the path to making your children drooling morons.
If
they want a great series of books about sorcery and magic creatures, make
them read the Chronicles of Narnia by C.S. Lewis. This is the most soulless
garbage imaginable. And I thought Shrek had taken that title.
3/10
			
This to date is the only Harry Potter film I have sat through and
watched from start to finish. I have seen bits and pieces of the
others, but watching them I just feel the same thing that I did when I
watched this one. In a word 'bored'. The only thing that kept me
entertained was the scenery and seeing the many British A and B list
stars. The most enjoyment I got out of the film is saying "its the
villain from Die Hard! he must be a bad guy!", "That's the dude who got
messed up by Gene Hackman in Unforgiven!", "he was in a couple of Bond
films!", and you get the idea. The film features Harry Potter going to
wizard school for the first time. His aunt and uncle keep him living in
a closet so going to wizard school or heck math camp would be a nice
change of pace for the kid. Well when he goes to school he makes
friends quickly with this lass and red headed boy and these three would
grow up into some very poorly photogenic to old for the roles adults.
Seriously, they looked like they were stoned on the DVD cover of
Deathly Hallows and all three just do not look like the type of people
you put in movies. Well Harry quickly becomes adept at the sport of
wizardry Quiditch which involves flying around on a broom and scoring
points. I know, when I hear flying brooms I think witches and
witchcraft, but this is wizard school cause that is what the author
says! There is also a bit of a mystery to be solved and an ending that
will become very familiar with those who enjoy this series. I did not
care for this one and I never continued following Harry's adventures, I
am not going to fault those who do, this set of films just was not for
me and man they are going on to long. Heck, by the time they are all
finished they will probably remake them all again two years later.
			
This film is none other than the awful copy of the lord of the rings
and Chronicles of Narnia. E 'un film certainly derivative, was given
the opportunity to write yet another bullshit that the lord of the
rings is overvalued, I would say the opposite, Harry potter is a novel
for children tremendously overvalued. After the lord of the rings is
the novel for excellence and fantasy film series has had more than 13
Oscar. It's a excellent series. then the criticism written by ignorant
idiot can be quite clear, are the usual senseless words of those who
took up with the moon across. It 'a film that has a great relationship
with the occult and magic and has a few meanings and moral lessons
suitable for the growth of children. Punta much about these schools for
Maghetti really irritating and disturbing. It 'a film for children,
with no spectacular worthy of note and I know a lack narrative in the
film. The criticism she has received are justified and fair, a film is
terribly derivative and constitutes one of the bases levels of film
fantasy films.
			

Perhaps one of the most boring films I have ever paid to watch at the
cinema. Nothing really happens in this film, and when it did I couldn't
have cared less. The kid that plays Harry seems to spend the entire
film gazing in awe at magical things. "Ooohh! A magic mirror! Ooooh!
Magic moving staircase".....Magical goings on? Well a you are at a
school of magic so get over it Harry....and he is told over and over
again that "You are a wizard Harry!" which seems to surprise him every
single time.....I've not read the books so I can't compare the film, but suffice to say
this film put me off ever reading Harry Potter or watching the sequels.Anyone wanting to watch a magical masterpiece of cinema should give
anything with "Harry Potter and the (blank of blank)" in its title a
WIDE berth and go and watch something beginning with "The Lord of the
Rings...." instead.Overall 3/10

			

This movie is boring and lacks any kind of a story. Acting is fairly ok
and
some of the ideas are really nice, but the actual movie sucks. I didn't
read
the book and I'm sure you have to to understand this movie. The 2nd part
is
much-much better.
			

 I just saw this movie. It ended a few minutes ago. I usually don't write
about movies as soon as I watch them but this one was so so so so so
terrible. Words can't describe this. It's about 2hours and 15minutes bore,
headache, and everything else bad. It's better to count the stars than to
watch this piece of sh*t.
 What was this movie all about? Hmmmm. Don't know. It was about nothing. It
was about stupidness that Hollywood produces and people still watch it. When
you look at the sucsess that this disaster has achieved you find out how
many sick minded people are in our planet(i'm not including kids under 10
here cause this can still be funny for them).
 0,0001 stars out of 100.
			

I very much disliked this movie. Yes, it could have been worse (the
opinion
that made my sister elbow me in the stomach), but I don't know how much.
As
a movie it wasn't that bad at all, but as a movie based on a book? No.
While
they did stick to the story better than they could have, it still wasn't
very good. They left out parts, added parts, moved parts
around...I don't think that they should have messed around with these books in the
first place. Wasn't everyone making a big deal about how the Harry Potter
series was bringing people AWAY from movies and television? Getting them
more into books? That's a GOOD thing. And then they go and make it into a
movie. In twenty years, what do you think the kids will go for? The Harry
Potter books, or the Harry Potter movies? I would much prefer to see some
good books in the hands of children than see them staring at a television
screen for hours on end. Yes, I myself watch plenty of television and
movies, but I could easily live without them, and keep quite entertained,
as
long as I could read good books.I, personally, do not plan on seeing any more Harry Potter movies, unless
my
older sister drags me to them, too. I don't want the Harry Potter
experience
ruined for me any more than it already has been.While this is only my opinion, and I know many people love this movie, I
can
only say one good thing about it: The soundtrack wasn't half
bad.
			

This film was way too long, especially for a children's film. The quality
of
acting was low, however only for the child actors. The cast included
well-known names whom I felt could have done a lot better in other films. I
was bored after the first hour and was waiting for the film to get onto a
point...but it didn't come at all!
However, considering my own choice in movies, which is completely
different, others with me seemed to enjoy the movie from beginning to end
as
a magical experience filled with enchantment and adventure.
			

I saw "Harry Potter" on Thanksgiving Day. My family and dinner guests were
really looking forward to seeing this movie. I'd bought tickets as soon as
they'd gone on sale to make sure that we'd be able to get seats on this
very
special American holiday.Unfortunately, or not, none of us had read any of the "Harry Potter" books
and didn't know exactly what to expect. We just assumed that the movie
would
be a delightful fantasy. Were we ever wrong! I don't believe I've ever
seen
a movie that no one in our group liked--no one at all. You'd think that
one
of us would have liked it--we're all movie fans who attend one or more
movies a week.To "Harry Potter" novices, the film presented itself as no more than a
series of linear events. None of us felt that we knew Harry or his friends
and none of us developed an emotional bond with any of the characters. I
wish we'd enjoyed it. We all wanted to, but nothing in the story's
development drew us into the film. However well-intentioned, the movie was
meaningless to us.I'm really glad that so many families and children have a well-crafted
movie
to see. It's very nice to see so many families in the theater
together.I do hope, however, that you enjoy this movie. Obviously, a movie that
attracts so much positive attention can't be all bad.Give it a try! 
			

Beautiful movie. Great casting. Wonderful costumes. Over the top
score. Curious editing.  They just tried too hard.  I didn't feel at all
like i was watching a movie.  More like a visual Cliff Notes.  I
enjoyed the magic of the book so much.  Little Harry Potter
became my hero, but in the movie, i barely knew who he was. They tried so hard to touch upon all that happened in the book, that
is was a race to get to the end. 
Scene one, a small child has bad adoptive parents.
Scene two, The child is a wizard
Scene three, The child is sent off to a wizarding school.
Scene four, It's halloween
Scene Five, It's christmas
Scene Six, school's over, even though there was only one
class.
That's what i didn't like.  I got a lump in my throat, excited to watch
the "game".  Harrry can fly, harry can catch things, Harry wins the
game. 1 2 3 quick, done.It lost all the real "magic" to reel magic.
Great try though.  
Pic a couple of the hundred magic moments in the book, and
convey those on the screen.  We can always read the books again
for what we've missed.
			

I have six reasons now that I like this movie as opposed to three (spoilers
contained within).The good reasons are...
1) Chris Columbus did a rather exceptional job of directing.
2) The art direction reminds me of "Brazil" and "Minority
Report".
3) Daniel Radcliffe makes a great Harry Potter.
4) Many of England's A-List came out to play (Robbie Coltrane, Richard
Harris {he will be missed}, Alan Rickman, John Cleese, and Maggie Smith all
did well in their respective roles).
5) The Quidditch Match was the best scene in the film.
6) The special effects are eye candy.The bad reasons are...
1) The book will always have the upper hand.
2) The film was dry and drawn out.
3) The plotting suffered because of the marketing.
4) It was too simplistic as well because of the marketing.Overall, it is much better than I made it out to be.  I had to read the book
to truly appreciate it but the book will always be better than the film in
my mind.  There are twice as many reasons that I like this film than before
so I give this film twice the score.  It gets 6 out of
10!Here ends my rant!
			

I can't believe I saw this film.  I thought it was overrated and way too
long.  It was also very, very boring.  I don't know how someone could like
this story.  I guess it was never meant for those who are into movies about
12-year olds who have magical powers.  Too bad those powers couldn't save
this movie from being horrible.  I don't know how this film could have
pulled in as much money and critical acclaim as it did.  Maybe it was
witchcraft then but it didn't get me to waste my money on going to see it at
the theater or rent it on video.  If this movie reaches classic status like
"Titanic" or "The Graduate", I will be extremely horrified.  I give this
movie 3 out of 10.
			

I can't believe I saw this film.  I thought it was overrated and way too
long.  It was also very, very boring.  I don't know how someone could like
this story.  I guess it was never meant for those who are into movies about
12-year olds who have magical powers.  Too bad those powers couldn't save
this movie from being horrible.  I don't know how this film could have
pulled in as much money and critical acclaim as it did.  Maybe it was
witchcraft then but it didn't get me to waste my money on going to see it at
the theater or rent it on video.  If this movie reaches classic status like
"Titanic" or "The Graduate", I will be extremely horrified.  I give this
movie 3 out of 10.
			

This film took ages to get going and when it eventually did, young Harry
didn't do much anyway. The little girl is the real star of this film.
There
were a few enjoyable moments, but overall I can think of better ways to
spend 3 hours.
			

After viewing a movie which seemed like 10 hours of thinking "Get on with
it", I only need four statements to sum this movie up.1. Incredibly over-hyped.2. Acting, isn't it a requirement anymore?3. Beautiful scenery.4. Did I hint at booring?Overall I can appreciate good children's movies, like The Never Ending
Story, Lord of the Rings and The Phantom Menace, so I think I'm not biased
when it comes to films like this one.
I think in a movie, very important is the acting and thus that particular
area of this motion picture needs some further mentioning. Aside from Alan
Rickman (who is always excellent as a villain) and the rather good acting
from the young couple Emma Watson and Rupert Grint, all the rest of the
cast
was utter hogwash (hey, wasn't that the name of the main setting, the
school?). Worst of all the cast (I wouldn't want to draw shame upon the
acting community by calling this bunch actors) was the shrunken version of
John Lennon, a.k.a. Daniel Radcliffe. This kid wouldn't know acting even
if
it snuck up and bit him in the rear.Over all, a huge disappointment and I'd give it a 3 out of 10 (one point
for
each of the previously, by name, mentioned actors)
			

This one was a serious disappointment.I admit that the designs, costumes and the cast were quite good, but there
was almost nothing of the book in there. It seems to me that guy who wrote
the script thought of nothing but the visual effects. He made a checklist of
the scenes in the book and checked it off. You can almost hear the pencil
scratching the checkmark while watching the movie. The characters are flat,
unlike that in the book and there is no development.The visual effect are quite good, but they make the film nothing better. I
shudder to think what these people make out of the second and third book.
They are much much darker than the first and there is much less comical
relief. I hope that the script writer is up to his job this time or the
Chamber and the Prisoner will be terrible.

			

The first half hour or so my focus on Harry Potter was still there excusing
all the obvious clues that this will be a flop to slow start.  But after
more of the same thing the bells began to ring that I might have to put up
with this for the remainder of the movie.I had not read Harry Potter.  I'm a 28 year old male.  I enjoy fantasy
science fiction and have read many such books.  I consider myself to have
tremendous concentration and can appreciate a wide range of movies or
documentaries even those that might put some people to
sleep.But I have never in my memory come across such a movie as this.  Given all
the hypes and that the movie has some basis in a top selling book surely
there must be something in it?Usually top movies provide inspiration as well as good action, some
dramatic
scenes and engaging plot.  Who can forget the moment when Luke Skywalker
stepped out into the dusk pondering at the sky with longing for his destiny
with matching music just as powerful.  Or ET with the simple touch of love
between a boy and an alien that lit up your heart.Harry Potter can only be mentioned along side those movies to provide a
contrast.  Harry Potter made me want to leave the cinema.  I was
scratching,
I was turning, I was very uncomfortable.  When my popcorn and drink ran out
I was very irritated.  I thought maybe it was the seat which was too soft,
the popcorn which made me feel too hot, trying to avoid the
obvious.Harry Potter is one-dimensional, very plain, fails to develop the
characters, their relationships or the world of magic itself.  Everything
happened in the movie as if the director expected everyone had already read
the book and loved it so much that no real work needed to be done with the
movie itself.  I was considering buying the book to see what all the fuss
was about.  Having seen the movie, I am now very doubtful that I will risk
wasting more time and money in case the book is anything like the
movie.To be fair, my young colleague who watched this movie with me largely
enjoyed Harry Potter.  However, many had already read the book prior.  The
special effects were also quite good.This movie is not recommended for all but the young and
naive.
			

The story of Harry Potter could have been brought to life through the
magic
of cinema. Unfortunately, that was not executed. The pacing of the film is
extremely slow, which makes me wonder how a 6-year old child would be able
to sit still for two and a half hours straight when I couldn't do it.
Another thing I questioned is that the movie title includes the Sorcerer's
Stone...yet, the stone isn't even mentioned until the middle of the movie.
When Harry becomes a seeker and plays in his first game, we are excited
and
interested by the quick and useful cuts. Yet as the game is over...we are
left unfulfilled, once again. About ten minutes later, six people walked
out
of the theater. This continued throughout the movie. By the end of the
film,
there were approximately 15 people left, out of 25 or 30. On a positive
note, the special effects used in the film were very good as well as some
of
the visual aspects. If there is a sequel to this film, I hope that it will
include some excitement, lose the turtle-paced conversations and cuts and
include something to keep the audience enticed. 
			

** LIGHT SPOILERS AHEAD **First of all, let me say that I read all four Harry Potter books. I'm
usually a reader of much more 'serious' stuff but that definitely didn't
prevent me from enjoying every little sentence in them. They are among the
best stuff I've ever read, despite some awkward spots here and
there.I was extremely disappointed with the movie though. It zooms past most
scenes in the books but no time was given to develop them. Even despite the
fantastic Quidditch game and the final scenes, everything happened so
quickly I'm surprised anyone thinks this movie has been given such high
praise among the public. What happened to Norbert the Norwegian Ridgeback
for instance?The most positive thing about this movie is that it pictured the scenes
exactly like our imagination would see it while reading the book. In that,
only people who enjoyed the book would *potentially* enjoy the movie. The
other good thing is that some of the characters, though not the most
important were really good (I loved Dudley Dursley, Snape and his evil
voice
and Neville Longbottom). On the other hand, the actors who played Harry
Potter and Hermione's roles were hideous, even for little kid actors they
were - absolutely no talent there.Although I didn't mis-spend my money I found the movie to be shallow,
under-developed and a totally missed opportunity to make fans really proud
of 'their hero'.I will be giving it a 3, and that's all because of the special effects. I
certainly won't want to see this movie again so soon.
			

I don't expect my comments on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone to
be
published as it goes against the complete general consensus that this film
is one of the best.  However I believe strongly in my opinion and felt
that
the other side of the arguement should be addressed.I found the first installment a complete disappointment both from the
masses
amount of hype it received and the genuine entertainment that the book
offered.  I expected a film that would make me feel like a child again
particularly after J.K Rowling herself approved and backed it.  However in
reality I found the film the complete opposite.No one can deny the obvious attraction that children would have to both
the
books and the film particularly young boys who may enjoy the fighting,
sports and "violence".  I cannot see the appeal to everyone else
particularly adults and particularly those who have read the
books.Generally I thought the film was badly made with the computer graphics
being
far to overused as if the creators are screaming "look what we can do with
technology", the story is unrealistic but still believable, the film
destroyed this believability.  I also found most of the actors poor
particularly Alan Rickman whose performances in the past should have made
him a perfect Professor Snape but in actual fact he over-acted the role
which could have been brilliant if he had just been himself or found the
ability he used as the Sheriff of Nottingham in Robin Hood Prince Of
Thieves.  I thought the children were very stiff as well particularly
Daniel
Radcliffe and Emma Watson as Harry and Hermione, these children could not
act scared under any circumstances, when they should have been screaming
"ahhhhhhh" they wimply said "oooh".  The film also put too much emphasis
on
noise in order to attract the children however there is only so much
crashing, booming and banging that one film can take.There were some small pros of the film such as Robbie Coltrane's portrayal
of Hagrid and the comic timing of Ron Weasley as well as the well done
Quidditch and Chess scenes.  However this doesn't make up for the lack of
some of my personal favourite aspects of the book, the darkness of the
film
which had very little happiness and light and the first half an hour which
was so rushed but so empty without explanation or the time taken to build
up
the atmosphere, particularly the heartlessness of the Dursley
family.In conclusion Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a complete
success
at the box office and I am sure it will be when released on video and when
promoting it's array of merchandise.  Whether or not this is deserved
success for the film is another matter, to me the creators have been
successful in creating an illusion of greatness that people have been
gullible to take without really analysing the film itself.
			

OK - I'm 34 but I've read all of the books and I'm not one of these adults
who rave over them. They're OK. But this movie does the book no justice at
all !!It seems to be a series of set-pieces that are weakly linked together with
no explanation of HOW they are linked. Character development and
background
is zero and many of the best characters from the books get no more than a
passing mention in the film.But - hey - the kids love it right ? Get them to read the book though.
They'll thank you for it.
			

Somebody was more interested in getting rich than turning an entertaining
book into a quality film.   The movie felt thrown together in a hurry for
a
holiday release.  I was also disappointed by the absence of many important
details.  It saddens me to think what they will do with the fourth book -
what will they have to leave out considering book #4 is 4x's longer than
book #1.   
			

As a fan of the Harry Potter books, I went to the movie with great
anticipation and expectation.  Many of of those expectations were met.
The
look of the Hogwarts school, the special effects, and the casting of
characters are all superb.  The children were delightfully genuine, witty
and not overly cute.With such a great look and cast, it is a shame that the movie itself is so
extremely boring and poorly paced.  The beginning has no grab and the rest
of the movie methodically displays scenes straight from the book.  Then
all
of a sudden at the climax of the movie, the movie trades in its slow pace
for one that rushes to a completely unsatisfying end.  The books have a
dark
eerie tone to them, and are magical whodunnits with clues dispersed along
the way.  This movie captured none of this mystery and instead is tame and
uninteresting.  The two and a half hours (not including the 30 minutes of
previews and commercials) soon became agonizing as the appreciation to the
special effects wears off.One can only hope that the next installment of this series will improve as
director Columbus has all the elements here for a great movie (a great
cast,
wonderful plotlines, and a huge budget) if he just had the courage to use
them properly. 
			

They bragged this movie up way too much. It was too anticipated and then
when it finally came it was no good. I guess the plot line is good. But, how
could this book have become so famous? The acting and special effects in it
were great, but I didn't care for the plot line. I don't even know why they
would have made the movie of this to begin with, the movie and the book were
completely different. This movie has angered a lot of people due to that
fact. I suggest... MAYBE... seeing this just to the fact that it's "Harry
Potter," not saying that I'm a big fan of the book at all... and I'm not.
This was really just an excuse to get out on a Saturday night. Give it a
try. It's just not something that I'm interested in. I give it a
3/10.
			

Harry Potter is a long, dry crawl through a thirsty desert.  in the
distance, dimly, you think you see a giant glass of water in the shape of
Alan Rickman - only, when you get there, its not.Where was the mystery and darkness everyone had told me would be there? 
From minute one I knew that he would overcome *every challenge* with panache
and energy to spare.  From minute one I knew that the evil wasn't any more
sinister than my high-school economics professor:  Valdemort is a tame and
pale shadow of the evils of Darth Vader or Sauron;  even Dennis the Menace's
foil of Mr. Wilson had more depth of character and motivation.At the movie's half-way point, I found myself eagerly awaiting the end of
the film - not because it was keeping me on the edge of the seat, but
because I wanted to go home.  Obviously, this story was meant to be a book
as it certainly doesn't flow well as a film (I could see several place where
there was supposed to be the word "Chapter Five" or somesuch).Of course, boring the audience could be a favorite trick added by the
director, who also made the horrible attempt at a tear-jerker that was
"Bicentennial Man", a yawn factory that is *also* a long, dry crawl through
a thirsty desert, only you don't even get to *see* a glass of
water.Cinematically, so many of the scenes and filming styles were stolen directly
from "Star Wars" (such as the chess game in the dining hall ["I suggest a
*new* strategy, Artoo - let the wookie win"] to the Luke vs. Speederbike
filming of Harry and enemy Slytherin Quidditch players).  The editing was
choppy and amateurish, and in this day of Jar Jar Binks, the 1997 quality of
the special effects is criminal.Stay in and play "Tony Hawk" instead.

			

To put not too fine a point on it, this movie manages to destroy everything
good about what was an adequate piece of children's literature.  The CGI is
frequently ropey, all the money evidently having been spent on the Quidditch
match.  The performances of the adult actors are going-through-the-motions
as a rule, while among the young actors, only Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley
and Sean Biggerstaff as Wood stand out as new talents.  Daniel Radcliffe is
given virtually nothing to do as Harry other than grin or look puzzled as
the occasion demands it, and Emma Watson's performance as Hermione Granger
is so gut-twistingly awful as to spoil any entertainment that might
otherwise have been obtained from the film.  Chris Columbus' direction is
stodgy - you would have thought after Bicentennial Man that they would never
have let him near a book adaptation again - and even the normally excellent
John Williams manages to provide a score which is mainly unfitting and
intrusive.In short; if you are not a fan of the books, the film will not convert you. 
If you are a fan of the books, you would be well advised to stay away and
thus preserve your enjoyment of them.
			

If you have not read the books you are going to be LOST in this movie. I
felt out in the cold and completely on the outside. It's not perfect, giving
it a 6 was being a little high. This movie is over-rated, and this is almost
exactly to the book?! I have not slightest interest in reading Harry Potter
now, the characters are uninteresting, the kids while cute become rather
annoying by the end of the movie, I felt like I was watching a live action
animationed cartoon, this movie is not as good as people are claiming,Wait until it hits the cheap seats for $1, this movie is TOO long, it points
where nothing was happening, the CGI is AWFUL, the acting ain't that great,
there are times when the backgrounds are fake, the blue screens stand out to
point it's crazy,This movie could have been much shorter, It's okay, but not worth all the
buzz that it is getting...and why adults are flipping over this is beyond
me.....
			

If ever there was a movie case of the Emperor's New Clothes, it's
this. Can two and a half hours possibly have gone more slowly?
Could they possibly have found a group of supporting child actors
quite so bad? Could the great Steve Kloves really have written this
or did they just allow the actors to make it up as they went along?
pants, pants, pants. Yawn. And it'll probably be the most
successful film of all time. How depressing.
			
Many people have read all or at least the first of the Harry Potter
series. Although the books seem more aimed at children, many adults
also find them fascinating. As i will attest, the books ARE very
interesting and i DO enjoy indulging in them. However, when the movie
came out for the first book i was already skeptical. I mean: How can a
movie be made out of such a complex plot with such mentally stimulating
ideas? The first problem with the movie is the acting. I know that the
actors are only kids, but there still are child actors that can do a
good job. These children actors were ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. Ron was the
best character, and he was only mediocre. I personally would rather
watch a movie with a bad plot with great actors than a great plot with
terrible actors. I cant stress enough how bland all of the acting was;
it was all monotone.The second problem was the lack of following the storyline. another
thing i hate is when a movie is made from a book which doesn't follow
the storyline.All in all, the only reason i gave this movie a three is because of the
great story which first came to life in the form of the books.
			
Harry Potter and the Bullshit of Wannabe Directors. Harry Potter is
played by an annoying idiot kid who does not at all resemble the Harry
we know and love from the books. Ron Weasley is turned into a really
cheap, ugly sidekick with stupid impressions (which are about to get
worse in the next movies). Hermione is an ugly know-it-all who simply
isn't attractive in any way. Then we have the fact that the guy who
made this movie made Home Alone. Aak! And John Cleese as ghost could be
a comic relief, instead he has ONE, I repeat, ONE line! The rest of the
cast do not have characters but hide behind make-up and clothes
supposed to make them the characters from the book. Alan Rickman plays
the totally wrong role IMO, but as usual, he pulls off a great
performance even so. Of course, like every other real actor and actress
on the set, his talent is totally wasted. DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE.
You'll regret it.
			
... and proof that you can make a killing by imitating something
original
(in this case Tolkien's LoTR and Neil Gaiman's Books of Magic) and
pandering
to the lowest denominator.
In the music world, Coolio's "Gangsta Paradise", Atomic Kitten's "Be With
You" and all the other current various-artists-factorymade hits are based
on
the same principle: rip the framework from an established success and
update
with empty calories. There you go, ready to eat and not much fear of
indigestion.
			

I am not a religious person but I have to wonder why any Christian, Jew or
Muslim would allow their child to see this movie. Perhaps they do not know
that witchcraft is a real religion and there are many practicing witches and
wizards (a male witch) in this world. I have personally met real witches and
there are many documentary films about them.  They are nothing like movie
witches but they do practice their religion. This movie is a candy-coated
promotional film for the witchcraft religion. Take your children and see if
they don't come out wanting to be a witch or wizard. Don't you think it is
odd that no other religion is even mention in the film?Also, a parent should ask themselves just what values their child will take
away from the story. The children in this film regularly disobey the adults
and are rewarded for it.Notwithstanding the above, I found the movie a disappointment. The story was
so dull that I had to fight falling asleep. By the time the end mercifully
arrived, I had lost interest in the story and did not quite understand the
point, if there is one, or did I even care. The special effects are not up
to today's standard. The snake and the troll were especially bad and
unconvincing. Many other things just did not look real.In summary, the creepy promotion of the witchcraft religion and the fact
that it is not very good makes this a movie to skip.
			
This is a particularly dire early Harry Potter child gangsters movie
that occasionally flirts with competence without ever going all the
way. It's the usual good brother/bad brother plot, but it's rarely been
done as shoddily as this. Verne Troyer has little to do, Robbie
Coltrane isn't on top form here and only an underused Richard Harris
gets by on charisma alone. The film looks like it's been shot in a
hurry (the first fight in the betting shop looks as convincing as a
schoolgirl pillow fight) by people who'd rather be somewhere else.No surprises, badly staged and pretty amateurish all round except for a
last reel wedding shootout, its hard to believe this was a big enough
local hit for a sequel, Harry Potter: Wizarding World. Even more
surprising is that Wizarding World is actually GOOD, focusing on Harry
Potter's fall from power as he is abandoned and betrayed - that one has
style, flair and a bit of weight to it, as well as much better action
scenes. But Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is just a waste of
your time.This movie has been released into the public domain, so it can be
legally downloaded off of the web.
			
A very weak adaption of a great book. The visual effects were great.
But the acting and execution was very weak. Luckily we get music from
John Williams.The book was a great story that has you struggling to put it down. It
was suspenseful and nicely paced. A good read. But when it comes to the
movie all of that seems to just disappear. It was not suspenseful and
way too quick. I saw the movie before i read the book and the book was
way better.The visual effects were very good. It had better effects than some
movies today(i am talking to you people behind the visual effects in I
am legend).The acting was terrible. The adult actors were good. Such as Alan
Rickman,Robbie Coltrane,Richard Harris and Maggie Smith. But the child
actors were terrible. I know your not suppose to expect much from 11
year old kids but when you have to spend two and a half hours with it
the viewing of a movie becomes a bit sour.The things that were intense in the book are weak and uninteresting in
the movie. A real treat in this movie is the music. From the great John
Williams. My favourite movie music man.I recommend this if you have read the book but don't expect much.
Luckily the sequels offer a lot more.4/10
			
Okay I have decided to take a re-looking at what I and apparently
millions of other children all over the world liked. I eventually grew
out of them when I was about thirteen but now I'm thinking that these
may be good movies. So how does an adaptation of one of the most
beloved fantasy series ever hold up? Well, I think fans aren't going to
like it.The story is about a few wizards who drop off a baby, who is also going
to be a wizard named Harry Potter at his Aunt and Uncle's house. 11
Years later he is treated like a slave while his cousin, Dudley is an
annoying spoiled brat who has temper tantrums because the number of
presents he gets on his birthday isn't as many as the ones he got the
previous year and he gets away with it.When Harry gets a letter in the mail the family does everything in
their power to have it destroyed, only to have more and more letters
come and eventually after they go somewhere else to live and the are
greeted by a man named Hagrid who tells Harry he's a wizard and he's
been accepted into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Once in
the Wizarding world he finds out he's famous because the main
antagonist of the series named Voldermort killed his parents but he
somehow survived. Once at Hogwarts he manages to make friends and
pretty much go through the magic equivalent of Boarding School. His
friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger uncover a plot to steal a
stone of extraordinary power.Okay onto what I didn't like - The editing gets choppy in places,
there's about 15 minutes of a series of 2 minute scenes that just
establish what it is they are being taught only to abruptly cut to
something else. Now this does serve the plot but it feels like the
scenes were originally longer. With that also said the movie moves
slowly. Did this really need to be 2 hours? I can think of a few
scenes that could have been cut out, the scene where McGonigal changes
from a cat to a human in front of the class for one.Then there's the villains. Without giving too much away the only one
that manages to pull something through is Voldermort. Everyone else is
either a generic bully you've seen in 50,000,000 movies before, or they
are revealed late in the scene. Now to be fair with the latter the
actor plays his part in a really goofy way that I just have to laugh
at.Okay onto what I liked, The acting for one. It's been a long time since
I've seen any other movie in this series but Richard Harris is in my
opinion the definitive Dumbledore, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman and
Robbie Coltrane pull through with good performances but surprisingly so
do the kids, the material they have to work with however - not so much.
I mean Harry is just a generic kid and Malfoy is just a generic bully
to name a few of them.I would also say I like the world they built up. I really see potential
for a good movie with this world as a backdrop. I just find it
interesting and I actually wanted to know more about it. It's not much
but I'll consider watching a few more movies in the series based on
this alone.So how does this hold up? Well I guess it all depends on whether you
can sit through some of the slower parts. Is it a movie I like? No. But
then again I am very much willing to admit that there is a lot of
reason for someone to like this (and perhaps even love it), it just
didn't work for me. I will watch until Prisoner of Askaban because from
what I remember that's when the series changes in tone a little bit.
I'd say if you haven't seen it yet, it's worth a glance.
			
This movie made me laugh. It was way way waaayyy to phoney. The cast
was superb, the acting, not so superb. It was all fake! The books are a
lot better. I was quite disappointed when I went to see the movie when
it first came out, because it to me was a lot different from the book.
It was missing too many important things. I really liked the other 3
movies after it though! :-) I am a little annoyed by all of these 9 10
and 11 years olds (some kids older) who are always reading about these
books and who are always freaking over them, I mean, GET A LIFE! They
should read about something that actually has a good theme. But that is
just me....
			
I saw the film in summer 2002 on video, and have recently read through
the entire series in less than a month. Upon reading the Philosopher's
Stone, I learned how the film doesn't match up the this great book.
Several characters are diminished or removed. The sorting hat sequence
is shown to be much shorter as well. Yes, Susan and Draco's sorting is
shown, but Lavender, Millicent and Neville are left out. Are there only
five first years coming to Hogwarts this year? Are the others sorted
privately? At the end of this sequence, Dumbledore's "Few short words"
are sadly absent. Fred,George and Percy's parts are reduced and Bill is
absent, leaving Norbert to be taken quietly and mysteriously during a
scene change. Lee Jordan is cast much too young and basically becomes
"Quidditch Announcer boy," and his ad-libbed commentary is gone.
Countless other changes are made to reduce time, yes, but rather
sloppily. At times I could tell it was a Chris Columbus film. How about
Harry and the gang screaming Kevin-style at the sight of Fluffy, or the
lackluster job at adapting the British humor? As for the casting, most
of it is well done, with some exceptions. Daniel Radcliffe is OK as
Harry, but Rupert Grint's Ron isn't too great. Emma Watson is one of
the prettiest child actresses I can think of, but therein lies the
problem. I envision Hermione to be a bit of a weird cross between
Asimov's Susan Calvin (plain, shy and book-smart) and Alexander's
Elionwy (pretty, VERY talkative and oddly intelligent), having tiny
bits of each. She's decent looking, but not as much as, say, Parvati or
Lavender. She's a buck-tooth, remember. John Cleese's Nearly Headless
Nick is poorly adapted, but he strangely receives top billing. All in
all, it's better for those who have read the books. Prisoner of Azkaban
is said to be a bit more accessible. I have yet to see this... I now
wait for July and November.
			

It is obvious that something has gone terribly wrong.  It seems J. K.
Rowling is focusing much on the new Harry Potter movies, and I wouldn't
doubt it soon if the sixth or seventh movie(s) came out before the
book(s).But I'm not here to talk about the books, I'm here to talk about the movie. 
To discuss how this movie translated from the book would be unfair, so I'll
wipe the book from my memory for now.First of all, I must say that John Williams was the worst person for scoring
the music.  Williams has done great things in this area, and has been
entirely innovative about his craft.  However, the entire soundtrack of this
movie is cliche.  It sounds like something from a very, VERY old seventies
movie.  Example:  The notes of the orchestra have a "spiraling up and down"
feeling, giving the impression of something out of an old horror movie.  The
themes are practically not new.  Williams was trying to go for themes, when
what it really needed was an ominous feeling.  Not this "magical" stuff that
could be found in old Disney movies.  It seems Williams is losing his
luster, and I'd have preferred Elfman or possibly even Goldsmith to score
this movie.The first thing one will notice upon watching this movie, other than the
bland score, is the tasteless acting.  While I can understand most of these
people are young, never-before actors, it can be quite annoying.  It seems
the directors MEANT to put Hermione up to saying things in a cliche,
"I'm-better-than-you," tone.  Ron is a total whiner, and can't seem to
control emotions.  Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) is probably the best of the
three in this first movie (luckily, the sequel patches up the acting, so
it's obvious the problems arose simply because they're new--and, like I
said, understandable).Some of the acting is great.  Dumbledore is obvious a top-notch actor (his
performance in Gladiator is a good example of his previous, outstanding
talent).  Hagrid and his, "Nope, shouldn't have said that, uh-uh..." is
totally believable, and I find him to be one of the better actors in the
movie.However, probably my favorite actor in the entire movie goes to the person
who has only about five lines in the script.  Filch.  "God, how I miss the
screams."  His character is just creepy, and the actor puts him into such a
great tangible experience.The plot is nice, as its taken from the book (ah, forgive me!).  I'd like to
say that it loses some of its charm from its adaptation... but I promised I
wouldn't go into that.Anyway, it has a nice villain, believable central plot (although the movie
doesn't seem to explain quite as well as the book... seems to be some holes,
but oh well, read the book).Probably the worst thing about this movie is that it manages to use every
single cliche imaginable.  Harry flies down from his broom, clutching
Neville's Remembrall, and a swarm of young children are cheering simply
because he caught the little ball while Williams' "heroic" music plays. 
That scene is actually sickening... it reminds me of some "young children
beats up the intelligent, corporate tough man" movie.  Harry says a few
words to a snake, then immediately says, "Can you hear me?"  Ron states
heroically (after Harry asks what happens after the white pieces move their
pawn), "Then... we play."  Once again, Williams' music only serves to
heighten the corniness.  It's annoying.All in all, the movie was an annoyance.  Simply geared for younger kids,
which cause older viewers to cringe at the sheer stupidity.  Good effects,
good plot, good story, and some good characters... but those factors can't
make up for the total childishness of the movie.
			

I really enjoyed reading the books, and I like being captivated by good
narration
- but this movie did not even come close to expressing all the magic that
was in
the story. The movie just felt bland, like sipping water and longing for
an
extraordinary Chardonnay - I don't know how else to put it. This movie
just
does
not work.
			

Dull predictable over long,full of home counties kiddies from Rada dying
to
be actors but failing miserably,Like watching St Trinians all over again
maybe kids behaved and talked that way in the fifties but not now.For
Heaven
sake there be must a child in these schools for theater who has some
charisma this Harry Potter is dead below the fringe,Hermione is so drilled
in elocution she gulps for air with every word pronounced, and apparently
Ron is a better acted than the Potter character well that's not an
achievement i can assure you.Dreadful
			

I have not read the books. I was under the impression that the books were
for children, but after noticing that many adults were reading them I had to
ask someone. I was told the books were sort of like Star Wars - highly
accessible for adults. Well, the film is definitely sort of like Episode I.
It is made for kids, and I do not find it particularly accessible for
adults. There are some great effects in this movie, but that is not enough to keep
the attention. As the film moves on it becomes uninteresting and quite
boring. I am sure most kids will love this, but the filmmakers should have
included more intelligence in the fun, like Disney is a prime example of.The mistakes are plentiful and the story does not take form before 90
minutes have passed. That is when the Sorcerer's Stone is even mentioned for
the first time. This is a safe sign that the 152 minutes make an
unnecessarily long movie. The biggest problem of the film is, however, the cast. The complete kid part
of the cast (excluding Watson) is completely without charisma. These kids
are as uncharming as they come, and I cannot believe how Radcliffe could be
chosen to carry a film of these proportions.One positive thing I have to mention is a very cool chess game with living
pieces. Not worth the ticket though.Rating: 4/10
			

To be frank, I was disappointed with this movie.Possible spoilers included (not plot, only character portrayals)Having read all the books, and having heard all the claims that Columbus
had
stuck faithfully to the book, Rowlings crying when she first saw it etc. I
was looking forward to it. Problem is, much of the book was missing, and
what was included seemed to jump from place to place - if you haven't read
it (and I'm sure some people out there fall into this category) then
you're
going to be horribly confused. Much of the important background
information
just isn't in the movie and, at times, I heard people whispering "What
about...?" or "What happened to...?".What did impress me, though, were the lavish sets, some of the special
effects (floating candles, troll, parts of the Quidditch match), and most
of
the adult actors. Robbie Coltrane exceeded my expectations. I still
struggle
with Rickman, fine actor that he is, as Snape though - Jeremy Irons
anyone???As for the four playing Harry, Ron, Hermoine, and Draco - it was there
that
the movie is essentially ruined. Harry comes across as a self-righteous
little prep-school upstart whose attempts to be assertive and tough look
like he's acting in the school play - and don't get me started on his
inanely cheesy smile. Ron, probably the best of the four, was too
perpetually anxious for me, not the cheeky troublemaker of the books. He
must have had a special script "Ron says his line, and looks worried; Ron
looks worried and then looks more worried". Hermoine annoyed me
constantly.
She was arrogant, self-righteous, superior, her script must've said -
"Hermoine says line then looks at the camera through her nose". Draco, in
the books, isn't a skinny little wimp with a bad haircut - that's Harry!
In
summary, these actors looked prompted and over-emphasised their
expressions
of surprise, excitement, and worry (but only when they weren't
impersonating
planks of wood).Anyway, I read the books and then went and saw the first of the summer
(well, here anyway) blockbusters. Now I have not doubt that despite Harry
Potter setting all the records, Lord of the Rings will be around a lot
longer (and hopefully break a few recently recorded records along the
way).
Bring it on I say.Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - 6/10
			

Basically, it's a reasonable movie, but I found it mostly unexciting and
uninvolving - to the point of yawning at some points. Maybe it's just a
kids
movie, but I feel that insults kids ;)The start of the movie with Harry living in the cupboard came across as
farcical to me (especially when the house from outside was a conventional
urban home complete with SUV) and I didn't know whether to laugh or groan.
Presumably it was done more convincingly in the book?Some people have said it was too close to the book and needed to take some
liberties to make it more interesting as a movie. Sounds reasonable to me,
though I haven't read the book(s). On the other hand, quite a few people
said that they changed too much as it was.It also sounds like JK Rowling was maybe a bit too restrictive with the
licensing.In summary: 6/10. (I'm being harsher than some - I'd give a bad movie 1 or
2).
			

I put off seeing this movie for a long time because i was real fan of the
books and i thought the movie might ruin the story....i was
right.A major problem that i see with the movie is that so many parts of the
story
are missed out that i can't see how you can follow it without the book, but
if you have read the book then it will annoy you when you notice parts of
the story that are missing or changed.The start of the story is rushed and when harry does find out he's a wizard
he has virtually no reaction as if he was expecting it. In fact the whole
story in my opinion is rushed and no time was taken up to build atmosphere
so in the end it didn't seem to really matter what happened.The casting of the lead roles was also terrible, in the book Ron is
described as being tall and lanky and growing out of his robes, but in the
film he is short and fits all his clothes perfectly, Harry also seems
wrong,
in the book he is described as small and skinny with untidy hair, but in
the
film he isn't really very small or skinny and has perfect hair, Hermione is
described as goofy and having large teeth, but the casters inevitably cast
a
nice pretty girl who will look good in the later movies, this is the same
with many of the other characters. Also most of the main characters have
lovely home counties accents, with the exception of the dumb Neville, the
groundskeeper Hagrid and a couple of Irish guys they chucked in there for
political correctness. This film was obviously cast for an american
audience
with their stereotypes of British accents, what about the rest of the UK or
are they not allowed into Hogwarts.Hopefully the next film will be better at creating a story rather than just
picking his favourite parts of the book and hoping the audience can fill in
the gaps. The damage has already been done with the casting, but maybe
they'll do better next time with the future characters that are
introduced.
			

I wasn't too excited to see this because I hated the books, but I rented it
because there was nothing else at Blockbuster. I will keep this as simple as
possible. The movie was way too long. There was almost no story line. When I
first saw her, Maggie Smith looked like the woman from The Weakest Link.
When we find out who the villian is, we go into the cliche "stumble onto the
real bad guy who revieles exactly how he did everything in plain, simple
English." This hasn't been seen since last year's Charlie's Angels, which
made a lot more sense than this film I might add. Something in particular I
didn't understand about the film, If Harry's aunt & uncle hated him so much,
why don't they jump on the chance to send him away? I was not impressed with
the visual effects, though I did see Lord of the Rings first. Nor was I
impressed with the sound effects, or lack there of. To make a long story
short, if you haven't seen this film then don't waste your time. "It's the
Wizard of Oz of its time!" give me a break, it doesn't come remotely
close!!
			

I was ready to embrace this film with open arms, being a fan of the books.
But I really felt after watching it that the best way to describe it was
'crap'The kids were terrible actors!  Most kids I have to admit are, but these
ones especially got my goat.  It was only the adults who saved it.Every single scene acted as though it was trying to prove something, and
so
there was a feeling of people trying way too hard.The music wouldn't stop!  At every point loud and irritating chords were
forced through your ears.  I just wanted a bit of peace in some scenes to
think about what was going on.Although it was faithful to the books, it didn't capture the storyline
well
at all.  Things felt glossed over or pushed under because they were trying
to hard to wow you with special effects.  This sounds silly when you think
of all the people who have read the books, but to someone encountering the
storyline for the first time it seemed a bit ludicrous.  It lacked an
essential something that the books had.Overall I can't believe the makers thought they were in for a chance to
get
an award.  This had good effects, but very little else.4/10

			

***some spoilers Well, I've seen two films in the last 2 weeks, Lord of the Rings, and this,
and had exactly the opposite reacitons. I read LOTR a year ago, and hated
it, and only saw the movie on friends' reccomendations - and loved it. I
read Harry Potter & the Philosopher's Stone about a year ago, and loved it.
I saw the film, and hated every minute of it. My key problem is the child actors. The actors for the teachers are mostly
very good, especially Alan Rickman (Prof. Snape) and wotsit the flying
teacher. However, though in the books the characters were well formed, and
were believable enough that you could identify them and feel for them to an
extent, the characters in the film feel terribly like they're just reading
lines, and never really got inside the character. Another problem is that a
lot of the scenes involving all of the children have been largely rewritten
for some reason, and now feel like they come from the 1920s! A good example
is when Harry first meets Draco Malfoy. Malfoy speaks like a gangster being
threatening and ominous, not like a school bully! I'm sure this wasn't the
case in the books. Another example is the way that some characters,
especially all the Weasleys, act like they're 4 years younger than their
ages. Fred and George especially - they're supposed to be 13/14, but act
like prepubescent mischief makers which I thought were dead and buried when
Enid Blyton stopped writing! Other than the actors, I have just one other qualm: that so much was
chopped from the plot which described how it was worked out that someone was
after the stone, that it seems that they simply pluck the idea out of thin
air. In the book, this is believable, because there is enough compelling
evidence that this is the case, whereas in the film the evidence amounts to
a suspicion and a dog bite on someone's knee. Hardly convincing. Other than this, I have no complaints. Unfortunately, the above was most of
the film :-) I rate it 4/10, and would say it's a waste of time to see it if you're over
11.
			

I loved that shot where you saw him from behind, some of the lovers
dialogue
was a little corny but the duel shots were great. Christopher Lee looks
cool
and especially the army shot presumably of clones on the ramp, as well as
the one where he is riding the speeder on Tatooine, that was cool as well,
as for the bounty hunter shots, it was well worth 13.50. I suppose they
added the bonus movie 'Harry Potter and the Cinematographer's Stone' to
satisfy the non Star Wars fans, I didn't mind that too much really though.It seemed no sooner was that old guy Dimpledell and that chick lighting
lamps than I was waking up to a train heading away from a huge guy (Beorn
from 'The Hobbit' I think he was). I must have been conscious some of the
time I suppose though because I remember something about an evil black
warrior who turns people to the dark side and seems to have a bit of
Phantom
of the Opera/and that 'open your mind' guy from Total Recall, complex. I
suppose it's a comfort to know that the underground wizard teachers are as
ditsy and incompetent favouritists as every-day ones and that the students
are as snobby, stuck up and in short cle she-ish as unskilled writers and
Disney have always renderred them, and the best news is that Gandalf found
a
place to settle down and share his knowledge, also as a part-time Santa
Clause. I also remember a part of it where one kid pulls out a cloak,
holds
it infront of himself discovering that it makes him invisible and another
kid says, "I know what that is! thats an invisible cloak!" Harry must
truly
be a unique kid I would think, to walk through a wall to a magicians city,
make a wand send books flying, find out he is bill gates' heir (or the
equivalent), see a talking hat read his mind and then see a 20ft troll and
still be wowing when tiny white butterflies appear out of nowhere.Rowling does not really have a very fertile imagination. Harry Potter is
an
uninspiring two step equasion. Nobody could really believe that kids would
remember any of the 'love' messages or care about them, what they remember
is how to cast spells, use a wand, respond to authority, respond to
danger,
and respond to warning. Harry Potter has no sense of narrative or
entertainment, and certainly none of originality. There are points that
you
hope it will go somewhere but at the same time you can't see it happening,
and your fears are rewarded. 10 year olds minus would like this, I am
mystified as to where the trans generationalism is. Studios basically
don't
care about our opinions, because most blockbusters now days seem to
justify
thier budget in two weeks or less, after that we can pretend all we like
that our opinions matter.In all I would award an 8/10 I suppose, they have betrayed just enough to
us
but not too much about Episode II. See that trailer while Harry Potter
remains in the cinemas, what I really like is that they perfectly picked
thier movies, that trailer has been seen by 2 of the 3 biggest american
audiences of 2001.
			

The film itself is regretfully limited in that the characters of the
film/book are merely cut and pasted from other literature.  The only
stellar
aspect of the film is the advertising and marketing done to hold a captive
audience.  
			

I was disappointed in the story and the acting.  There were too many
weaknesses in the story as it was presented.  The extremely ill treatment
of
Harry by his aunt, her husband, and their son, for nothing more than her
dislike of her sister because she was a wizard, seemed overly severe and
not
well founded, at least as presented.  Another small point of many, I'm not
a
fan of politically correctness, but, taking the Stone from the bank without
informing them is theft no matter whether its the good guys or the bad guys
and is a poor example in children's movie.  Then to hide it behind a three
headed animal which will kill anything, adult or child, seemed a little
heavy.  Unfortunately I was disappointed by much more, not the least of
which was the much of the acting.  Most of the characters looked their
part,
but I have seen much better acting presentation, particularly, in the lead
roles, in far lower rated movies.  While I found the story line old and
cliched, it is amiable but presented too fast for what was necessary to
fulfill the story or characters presentations.
Sorry!  Only a 3.
AJH  
			

It is a crime for this movie to get an almost 8/10 rating and be among the
top 250 on the IMDB database.I would give this movie an 8/10 rating in regard to sticking with the book. 
It is one of the most faithful scripts that I have ever seen portrayed on
the big screen.As an unpublished author, I respect JK Rawlings's creation (and her drive to
be published) and I have enjoyed the books immensely.  The fact that this
movie sticks so close to the book is actually it's down fall.  There is
almost no creative intervention by director Columbus and this movie is one
of the few that could have used it.The movie works better in the always fascinating "fleshing" of previously
"written" characters.  That is to say that all of the characters in the
book, that are brought to life by the movie, are interesting to see just for
that fact.Otherwise it surprised me that this movie was such a bore.  The CGI's were
good - impressive even, but that failed to spark any real interest beyond,
"I wonder what this-or-that character will look like".I do not make a habit of reviewing any single plot feature on IMDB.  This is
covered very well by other IMDB posters that have donated their time.  But I
can say this, I was embarrassed by the pace of the plot.  I invited several
fellow adults to the movie that knew nothing of Harry Potter - and I
noticed, time after time, that all of them were checking their watches
regularly.  I even found myself recalling the book and asking myself, "Does
anything exciting happen next?".  The answer is sadly no.  Although the book
was a joyful and fast read, the movie falls flat in delivering any of the
suspense.  And, more importantly, it did not deliver on what made me enjoy
the books so much - the feeling you get when you read (or watch) something
that reminds you of the magic in your own childhood.  Not that there is any
real magic in anyone's childhood, but friendships and adventures, that is
the real magic (STAND BY ME / King's short story THE BODY).As to the critics/parents demanding Rawling's head because of the Witches
and Sorcerers in the book and movie - Hey folks, time to posse up some
responsibility for your children.  An educated child, whose parents talk to
and have discussions with them, would never believe that anything in this
movie is more than a movie.  Or that a fiction book is anything more than a
book.  Reading Potter or any book is 1000 times better than 20 minutes of
MTV, Pokemon, Power Rangers or whatever other mass media outlet that parents
allow to baby sit their children.  One reviewer cited CS Lewis's CHRONICLES
OF NARNIA as a more wholesome form of reading.  And I would agree that the
Narnia stories are superior, but more wholesome?  It is true that they
usually parallel a biblical story or theme, but the relationship is usually
so subtle that a child will not pick up on it.  And yes, there are witches
and other magical beings in the stories (even Santa Clause).  Just because
Lewis is a writer who writes on Christian themes, it does not make his
stories less of a fantasy.  Read THE SCREWTAPE LETTERS by Lewis if you want
your morals to be properly chastised.If you are really looking for a good time to spend on some magic themes, try
watching BELL, BOOK AND CANDLE, THE WIZARD OF OZ, THE 10TH KINGDOM (mini
series).4/10 - Too long, too boring, no magic.
			

I have no idea what all the commotion and talk over this movie is. I
started
to read the book put I stopped because it was just boring and I was unable
to handle it. The movie was even worse because I felt it lacked the book's
details but who cares because the kid actors sucked anyway. I bet that if
a
book was never writte for this movie this would not be as popular as it
is.
Another reason why I did not like this movie is because fantasy movies are
bad. The only one I really enjoyed was "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon."
Going back to HP. If you like fantasy movies and the book, then you will
like the movie. However, if you hate fantasy movies and the book, then do
not see this. In my opinion, 4 out of 10.
			

I found this Harry Potter movie greatly overhyped. The result was a long,
boring movie with a thin storyline. The plot is, even for somebody who has
not read the book, way too predictable. 
Not nearly the movie I expected it to be.
			

First off I haven't read any of the books. There's no real reason for this
I
simply haven't got round to them. which in the current climate must make me
somewhat of a minority.secondly one word to sum up this film: unevenThere are some thoroughly entertaining moments in this film particularly
Robbie Coltraine's scenes as his comic timing is brilliant as ever. these
moments are counter balanced by dire action sequences, particularly the
quiditch game which is so slick and clinical that all traces of emotion are
lost (think pod race in episode 1)the three lead children where all excellent right up to the last twenty
minutes when all of a sudden they reverted back to standard child actors
and
became stiff and wooden. In fact this entire section was badly scripted and
directed which somewhat ruined what had gone before. until this point most
of the dialogue between them was excellent.In places however the film seemed little more than a montage of special
effects which come so thick and fast that the subtlety of the "magic"
scenery is lost.I could be way off the mark here but from what I've heard about the books
they are actually quite dark and Harry is quite insecure about his place in
the school. I was expecting to see at least a little of this emotional
turbulence but it appeared to have been glossed over with standard
Hollywood
values of friendship and loyalty. I thought the reason Harry had become so
popular was that we finally had a child character who dealt with real
problems. unfortunately the film doesn't deal with this at
all.All that criticism out the way the film is actually quite enjoyable over
all
and the running time didn't bother me at all so it must have kept me
interested. It's just a shame thy couldn't have done more than present the
same old 2 dimensional Hollywood characters.

			

Well, having enjoyed the books, I was looking forward to this. As usual, I
was greatly disappointed.A terrific cast was wasted by plodding direction that instilled no wonder or
excitement anywhere. The script seemed pretty faithful, sure, but maybe that
was the problem. The Quidditch match stuck in my mind as being exceptionally
dull. We lost all the interest and build up of the training, and the
execution of the actual match was very uninvolving.The kids who played Ron and Hermione were excellent, but Daniel Radcliff
displayed no discernable acting ability beyond dropping his jaw and widening
his eyes. Perhaps this is Chris Columbus's fault. I'm sure the rest of it
was.
			

What could have been the fantasy film of the decade has turned out to be
another Hollywood fastbuck disappointment.  With so many truly talented
fantasy directors out there - Tim Burton, Terry Jones, Terry Gilliam, heck,
even Steven Spielberg - how is it Chris Columbus wound up at the helm?
With
two and a half hours to play, how did we end up with a movie with
absolutely
no character development?  There is no soul, no wit, just a dry Cliff's
Notes version of the book.  Columbus and Kloves may have read the book, but
they sure didn't get it.The only thing that stands out about the film is some brilliant casting.
Alan Rickman portrays the semi-evil Snape on levels not explored in the
books.  Pity they gave him nothing to do.  The other extremely talented
cast
members are also wasted, as the director has reduced most of the non-child
characters to cameo roles.  Maggie Smith would be the quintessential
Professor McGonagall if they gave her more than thirty seconds of screen
time per scene.I want my nine bucks back.  
			

The movie pretty much ruined the good feeling I got from the book. The first
three quarters of the HP was well-acted, well-directed and well-effected
(sfx). The remaining fourth took a nose dive into cheap HW gimmicks and
cheesy computer effects. The centaur (only one in the movie) looked so
unreal and laughable, as did the finale with the two-faced Prof. Quirrel
Overall: long, empty, disappointing.
			

My son and I went to see Harry, and we were both disappointed with the
movie.  The direction and script writing were poor, along with some of the
acting.  The move missed a lot of the little details that were so important
in the book (For example, the letters coming addressed to the different
locations where Harry Potter was moved to in the house, and the dragon bit
also was very weak).  Overall, the story seemed to rush through the
development to "get to the chase".  I felt indifferent to the Harry Potter
character, and annoyed with him sometimes, remember the Home Alone star?
Furthermore, the music seemed very awkward and sporadically placed.   It's
too bad that movie creators are lazing about and opting for special effects
and no imagination! The director really missed the magic of the books, and
I
hope next time they find a more imaginative director and scriptwriter.

			

I was very disappointed in this movie.  The books are so incredible and the
movie had huge potential.  Unfortunately, it was both too long and too
short.  I didn't feel like the movie flowed together very well and there was
still a lot cut out of the book.  If they were going to cut out so much from
the book then they should have made a nice smooth movie that told the same
story, without trying to include things in the book that were "cool".  There
was too much jumping from scene to scene and not enough plot.  If you hadn't
read the book, the movie would not make much sense in the end.  I think the
books are great for people of all ages, but the movie is simply a kids
story.  It just didn't come together the way it should
have.
			
I suppose as children's entertainment this film could be called good,
but to anyone with a brain it is a messy, overindulged concoction of
bad ideas and silly execution. I know nothing of the Potter books so
this is based simply on the film. So much has been made of the books
and film that I was predestined to be disappointed in some ways but
little did I realize how trivial this movie is when cast against a
powerhouse like The Lord of the Rings, really two completely different
worlds. As with most modern tales of this type (HP) everything is so
magical, everything moves (in some ways stupidly like the changing
staircases) and it seemed so simple that no matter what issue that came
up they all had an answer for everything. The worst part of the movie
had to be the game played with balls and broomsticks. The whole point
of having a separate game within a game is just retarded. Name one
sport or game that has a special sideshow that can win the game at any
moment? Imagine your team is about to win the Stanley Cup and their up
3 games to 1 and it's 4-0 with only a minute to go, but wait, don't
forget there's a fan from each team playing a separate game in the
men's room, and they just caught the golden plunger, so sorry your team
has lost, too bad. Seems like JK's writing is a little on the light end
don't you think? Why didn't the professor who is already through to the
stone need to play the chess game like they did? What adults would
announce the winners of a year long contest that meant so much to the
kids, then seconds later say "but wait, there's points that I forgot
about"??? How cruel. Very childish and overrated.
			
I had a dim view of the Potter series of books for sometime now, with a
mixture of reading reviews and total rebellion at the complete overhype
of them. However I'd recently sat down and started thinking about how
biased and closed those ideas were and thought that I should at least
give them a go. Never happened though, and I committed myself to
watching the first movie in the DVD Boxset which I gave my girlfriend
for her Christmas.Well, it does have a lot of the traditional elements of a kids
adventure yarn, and there are some exciting moments, but for me the
story was far too packed with ideas and unexplored side stories. There
were flat, pantomime characters, and quite a few unexplained events and
character choices, things just seemed to happen without any prior
warning with the explanation being left to the very end. A very sloppy
story telling device when the writer has backed the characters into a
corner or has run out of time.Some of the animation work was excellent, and yet the main scene of
Quidditch was quite poor with all the animation being shown from a
distance and at high speed. It really did look like the video game
version, and there is perhaps all the answer we need.Still, there was some adventure to be had, and some of the action was
good, however equally editing on some of the action left a lot to be
desired and simply confused events or served to pad them out without
interest. A lot of these moments there was a feeling of cost or effects
budget strain.
			
This movie has tons of plot holes. It's acting is not great or even
good. The f/x range from good to OK. Fluffy did look real to me. The
overall taste in my mouth is "not nearly worth the hype". 4/10onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightPS Poor Potter having to go back and stay with his those people's home.
			

While the visuals were occasionally pleasing, this is the nicest thing I
can
manage to say about this terrible movie. I usually try to express my
opinions with subtle language, but such expressions fail me when I think
back on the 200 minutes of torture I just put myself through.I was not a bully in school, but even I would have made sure to beat the
crap out of Harry Potter on a regular basis if he were ever my classmate.
He
was in the paradoxical position of being a total moron of a student, and
nonetheless a teacher's pet. Apparently, this was because he had some
powerful parents. Add to this a total lack of any charisma, and you have a
formula for a kid who would ordinarily never keep his lunch money past 10
AM. But, magically, Potter becomes some sort of a hero. Nice fantasy! I
never realized how much I need justice to prevail in fairy tales.
Apparently
I do, because here I am, angry that Harry Potter didn't become the #1
wedgie
recipient of his class. 
			

This movie was lacking something. If I think hard enough, I bet I'll
remember...
Oh, yes, it's lacking exactly what its book counterpart had. Imagination.
The book was really good; however, the movie... well, you can see that I
gave it a 4.
The movie's climax was awful. It was almost as if J. K. Rowling was trying
to make this movie into a big mystery rather than an adventure. It was some
mystery in the book--but not as much as in the movie. The climax in the
book
was built solidly on evidence and perfectly fitting pieces. However, the
movie had cut-off puzzle pieces that were thrown together in the end and
somehow expected to be understood.
I would also expect better from John Williams (the guy who composed music
for Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Jurassic Park, etc.). I hate to say it, but
this music was awful. There was only one spot in which the music fit into
the movie and sounded good, and it was toward the end of the movie. John
Williams tried too hard to make it sound "magical", I think.
The movie follows as closely as it can to the book, but I wouldn't really
suggest seeing this in the theater unless you're a true die hard Harry
Potter fan. 
			

I know I'm probably the only one that didn't care for this film, but I
thought it was plain boring. The adaptation of the book is just OK and the
acting is average. Frankly it's a pity to see all the great English actors
in this film totally wasted and relegated to play second fiddle. The effects
are very well done, but it's such a conventional treatment of the books that
I kept checking my watch a few times to see when was it going to be over.
It's very curious that hardly any of the young people in the audience didn't
laugh at all. This Harry Potter is very heavy handed and it should have
emphasized the fun and could have used a few lighter moments.I was greatly disappointed given the hype in the media, which I'm sure has
Ms. Rowling, Mr. Columbus and the rest of the people responsible for this
mess laughing all the way to the bank!
			
As a faithful rendering of the book squeezed into a two-and-a-half hour
period, the movie is beautifully done. I don't have a single complaint
about any of the actors, who successfully bring to life, with the aid
of costume design and special effects, the many colorful characters
from the book. My favorite character, the giant Hagrid, is played by
Robbie Coltrane, and I say with no exaggeration that he is exactly how
I imagined him while reading the book. It's as if they took the image
in my mind and transferred it to the screen. While I had my own
personal image of Snape (for some reason, I always imagined him as the
head villain from another Chris Columbus film, "Adventures in
Babysitting"), Alan Rickman is perfect in the role. I usually expect to
have words of criticism for some performances, but I just don't. The
remaining adult actors, including Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall
and Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore, are as good as they possibly
could be, and the kids do an excellent job of holding their own against
these veterans. Some have criticized Daniel Radcliffe for appearing too
subdued in the title role, but that's exactly how the character is
portrayed in the book: modest, unassuming, and laid-back. The kids who
play Harry's two best friends are flawless.I had a lot of worries about the fact that it was being directed by
Chris Columbus, whose entire directorial career so far has consisted of
over-the-top slapstick films. I was pleasantly surprised that he did
not direct the Harry Potter film in this way. Except for brief moments
like the children's delayed reaction to a giant three-headed dog they
encounter and Harry's swallowing the quaffle ball, there is nothing
here to remind us that this film is directed by the same person who
gave us films like "Home Alone" and "Mrs. Doubtfire." Indeed, I think
Columbus may have gone just a tad bit too far in trying not to make the
film seem cartoony. I would have liked to see a little more emotion on
the actors' faces at certain times. Overall, however, his restraint
works nicely in giving the film the kind of believability the book
possesses.
			
The film focuses heavily on Potter's methods of survival and his
noticeably deteriorating psyche. When he is not preoccupied with
seeking basic necessities, Potter works in his basement lab attempting
to develop his magical skills. Radcliff does a superb job of portraying
Harry Potter's solitary character, who everyday is searching for
solutions to the problems in his future as well as the future of
mankind. Radcliffe's acting is the highlight of the film and is really
the driving force that could have actually made this film legendary.Now for the bad stuff.This Harry Poter is severely hindered by its sub-par screenplay. The
first 1/3 to 1/2 of the film is a joy to watch, but suddenly holes and
diversions become extremely visible.The climax of the film is very rushed and the ending was typical
clichd nonsense. Pointless philosophical overtones and dialogue are
added to try and create a moral- based story, but just turn into fodder
that is annoying to have to listen to. Finally, the special effects
look more like sci-fi monsters than actual mutated and deranged beings
and are not present nearly enough until the end of the film.
			
My summary might be a little harsh on what is, after all, a highly
entertaining children's movie that's grossed hundreds of millions of
dollars and, undoubtedly, still delights children that didn't exist in
2001 through DVD and Blu-Ray. But I stand by my statement - I liked it
when I was 9, and I liked it last night, but 'Harry Potter and the
Philosopher's Stone' is paralyzed by its fear of alarming any part of
its audience.The chief difference between this and later Potter films is in its
tone. This movie replicates the dreaminess and whimsicality of the
book, faithfully recreating even incidental magical scenery from the
novel with painstaking care - however, it doesn't add any of its own.
That, in microcosm, is the one thing wrong with the entire 146 minutes
of film: the plot unfolds identically to the book's, the dialog is
often taken verbatim from it, the world is designed as the most neutral
and safe - SAFE, is the problem - version of the Potter universe one
can imagine, and the overall effect is that of an illustrated
audiobook. Director Chris Columbus takes absolutely no risks, a
decision which only seems more foolish as the years go by and newer
Potter films, like Alfonso Cuaron's excellent 'Prisoner of Azkaban',
burst with imagination and creativity. While, like 'Star Wars' (but
less so), 'Stone' does evoke a sense of wonder at the magical things in
Harry's world (and, in case anyone misses the point, the movie's child
actors exchange chuffed grins for about a third of the running time),
the anxious restraint with which the whole deal is executed renders it
rather leaden.Hence the comment about paralysis I started off with. It may be well
made, but 'Stone' is - tragically, as it turns out, considering the
quality of all the movie's other ingredients - uninspired. But it is
rescued from a boring fate by the fact that it is, after all, telling a
cracking good yarn. One that I (heretically) think is actually better
for film than for a book, where the flimsiness of its plotting and lack
of true literary spark makes it come off as a kind of Roald Dahl Lite.
Add to this a stable of magnificent British actors who gleefully shed
their layers of reverend good service in classics on stage and screen
and dive totally into their spectacularly silly roles. The roll-call is
phenomenal: Sir Richard Harris, Dame Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, Robbie
Coltrane, John Hurt and others in smaller parts that pull them off with
panache calculated to shade any flaws in the performances of the
younger actors - who, by the way, are really quite good. They don't
need to be brilliant, and they're good enough here as 11-year-old kids.
Which is what they are.The story, anyone should know. Harry Potter is an orphan whose parents
die in mysterious circumstances and who, at the age of 11, after a
decade of living miserably with a cruel aunt and uncle, discovers that
he is a wizard. He goes off to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry, where he finds that he is not only a wizard, but a famous
wizard: the only one ever to survive an attack by the now-vanquished
Dark Lord, You-Know-Who. Dark Things are stirring at Hogwarts - there
is a whisper in the Forbidden Forest, a teacher with suspicious
designs, and something horrible lies under the trap door in the left
third floor corridor . . . and above it.I quite enjoyed it actually. Shame it had to be so stuffy. Recommended.
			
Chris Columbus' faltering direction leaves much to be desired from this
otherwise magical first entry into the Potter film franchise.Steve Kloves delivers an inspired conversion of Rowling's classic first
installment into a screenplay - giving much potential for a capable
director to produce a magical film. Unfortunately, Chris Columbus is not an example of such a director; he
almost manages to destroy this script, delivering a painfully static,
overly faithful interpretation of a timeless children's classic. Yes,
Columbus does leave a sense of welcome innocence on the finished
product, but only in the same way as he did with Home Alone. Thankfully, an outstanding cast of British actors cleans some egg off
the producer's faces. The magical casting department chose a cast who
would deliver some fantastic performances. Richard Harris (Professor
Dumbledore), Maggie Smith (Professor McGonagall), Robbie Coltrane
(Hagrid) and John Hurt (Ollivander) all give staggering renditions of
their timeless characters. Alan Rickman's Severus Snape proves to be
the most incredible performance piece in this picture - he makes Snape
his own, bringing all the malice, hidden bravery and dark sarcasm
needed to perfectly portray his character. Disregarding the Columbus blunder, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's
Stone proves itself to be a magical piece of cinema which will surely
be enjoyed by audiences both young and old for many generations to
come.Directing: 1/10||Cinematography: 8/10||Acting:7/10||Verdict: 5.3/10
			
The first film of the Harry Potter series is funny and all together, an
enjoyable film. The special effects are great and the themes of
friendship are good. It creates the world of Harry Potter that it is
visually impressive. The cast, especially people such as Alan Rickman
act very well and performances are underrated in my view. My problem with Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is that it is
too close to the source material, preferring to please fans as opposed
to risk taking. The director is such a people pleaser that despite the
surprisingly violent finale, this film lacks grit, character and lacks
any source of imagination. Of course, the fans will be pleased, like
this film over the next films but it's dull and unimaginative. It's
entertaining, visually impressive, well acted, so close to perfection
but so inoffensive, lacking in anything. Maybe the director should stop
caring about what other people think, follow artistic instincts yet
still keep to the plot. It's hard to find any sense of magic in here.
And I have read the novels, but I am an avid film fan and understand
the difficulties of trying to turn a book into a novel. People pleasing
just turns potential classics into uninspired movies.
			
I'm in a rather embarrassing position when it comes to the world of
Harry Potter. I'd never heard of the books, much less read any until
the films came out. Shows how unaffected I was by the whole Potter
phenomenon. JK Rowling's tales of a boy wizard at a magic school is one
of the most amazing things to hit the world of children's fiction since
Roald Dahl was alive and kicking.But what I'm about to say will probably incur the wrath of everyone on
this site. What exactly is all the fuss about Harry Potter? I've taken
the time to read the books, and I can't say there's anything special
about them. Rowling's writing is adequate. But there's nothing in her
words that truly comes alive. The characters are flat. They're not at
all memorable. And despite the setting of a magic school, the books are
not very...well...magical.I get the impression JK Rowling wants to be another Roald Dahl or a
Terry Pratchett. But she doesn't have Pratchett's rich imagination, nor
Dahl's wicked humour. What she has is a very simplistic view of the
world, where people are split into two camps. Good vs bad. And the
stilted, one-dimensionality of her writing ensures the outcome is never
in any doubt. That her books have entranced so many people is the one
real act of magic they've had. I can't explain they're success. When Warner Bros bought the rights to the first book, Harry Potter and
the Philosopher's Stone, the result was a runaway sensation. Between it
and The Lord of the Rings, they rekindled fantasy film-making in a
major way. But the film had the unfortunate luck of having Chris
Columbus as its director. He's as bland a director as Rowling is as a
writer. I would have preferred to see the film directed by Terry
Gilliam, which was the plan at one point. He could have brought a real
enchanting magic to it.But under Columbus' hand, the film is just banal. Its not all his
fault. He has Rowling's writing to go from after all. But that's
largely the problem with the film. He's too faithful to the book.
Another complaint I have of JK Rowling is she's not too adept when it
comes to plot. The Philosopher's Stone works as a slowly unfolding
mystery, but when examined closely, there are plot holes everywhere, as
if she didn't know herself. The characters perform some extraordinary
leaps of deductive reasoning. But its reasoning that doesn't always
ring true.Columbus tries to hide this deficiency by overkilling the film with
extravagant sets and special effects, hoping you won't notice. He even
has John Williams contribute a blaring musical score as a backup in
case the set design fails. But the main problem I have with Harry
Potter is he's not much of a hero. It seems to have escaped the notice
of many, but Harry has a lot of his victories given to him. For
example, he's given the broom for the Quidditch match. He gets the
Invisibilty Cloak handed to him from an unknown source that is never
explained. And a lot of the times when he's in danger, he's often
bailed out by Hermione Granger. She saves him from falling off his
broom. She comes up with the method to defeat the Ogre and Devil's
Snare. And the Philosopher's Stone just magically lands in Harry's lap.Harry is worshipped at Hogwarts because he survived an encounter with
Voldemort, the wickedest wizard of them all, but his reputation seems
entirely unfounded. Another thing that annoys me about JK Rowling is
the way she telegraphs plot developments well in advance. You know that
learning to ride a broom will be integral to the plot later on in the
story. And so will the Invisibility Cloak.One positive aspect about the Harry Potter series is the insistence on
an all British cast. It may have American backing, but there's not a
single American to be found in front of the camera. The film has some
of Britain's finest veterans, including Richard Harris as Dumbledore,
Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagle and Alan Rickman as Professor
Snape. We even have Robbie Coltrane who makes a wonderful Hagrid, and
cameos from John Hurt, John Cleese and Julie Walters. More importantly,
there's a real British feel to the film. Columbus does a fine job of
making Hogwarts akin to a boarding school. The common rooms, dorms and
rival Houses are all present and correct.Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint are a precocious lot,
but they fill out their roles nicely enough. But the cast is really the
film's only saving grace. The rest is not especially brilliant.
Surprisingly, even with the backing of The Jim Henson Company, a lot of
the effects in the film are rather poor. The centaur and Fluffy the
three headed dog are obviously just CGI. The whole Quidditch match is
clearly happening in front of blue screens instead of actual backdrops.
The artificiality of the film completely cancels out any magic.As things draw to a close, the film becomes something akin to an
Indiana Jones adventure. Fluffy, vines, and the flying keys are all a
bit lacklustre, but the gigantic chess set is impressive. In fact its
the best bit in the whole film. Harry, Ron and Hermione have to play
their way across a vast chess game to get to the Philosopher's Stone.
Its very gripping, and helped no end by the edgy music score. Much more
exciting then the much more famous Quidditch match.But the film is almost certainly overrated. Just like the books. Its
hard to get worked up because Rowling's writing is so unimaginative.
There's nothing strikingly original about the world of Harry Potter,
and the heroes and villains are just walking clichs. A poor start to a
progressively better series.
			
On par with not a few made-for-TV Disney movies I've sat through with
my under-10 year old kids. After reading the first, long-winded volume
of this series I was not compelled to continue on at all. The movie was
really close to the book...closer than a lot of film adaptations are. I
guess that explains why I probably won't see the next few movies:
nothing in the first one makes me like the characters or care what
happens to them next year...not even one iota of curiosity.The story is unoriginal, the subject matter tired, the genre completely
played out. Of course, there's been very little in the fantasy genre or
the children's genre that has been of note for years now...and this is
no exception.If you have kids, and they are fans, sit through it with them. But
unless someone makes you, I wouldn't bother. You wouldn't be missing
anything. And when those folks (and there will be) shriek like banshees
when you've told them you've not seen (or maybe even read) any of the
Harry Potter stream-of-the-usual, just shrug and walk away knowing you
probably spent several hours of your life doing something more
memorable.
			

GREAT!!! I've readen the second book, " Chamber of Secrets " and it was
really good. This first, is just so nice made and so inspiring that it's
fascinates you. Harry Potter is terrific played by Daniel Radcliffe and the
movies best character and actor...yes, Alan Rickman as Professor Snape. This
movie should have got a lots of Oscars' but no. I shell buy this movie on
DVD because it's on of the greatest and biggest movies ever made after my
personal appiniment. See it, this will be a classic! 
Role dais: 6
			

I didn't even read the book(s) and I still really liked this movie. The
movie is about a young wizard named Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe). He is
then enrolled in a school called Hogwarts, if I remember. He then befriends
two other fellow students, Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson).
Then Harry learns about this magical stone called the Sorcerer's Stone and
the three of them go out to search for it. I thought the movie was quite
good. The special effects were pretty good. Acting well, it was good but was
not bad. The only real problem I had with the movie was understanding the
character names and remembering their names and who they were. Other than
that it is a great film. I no doubt recommend this movie to
all.9/10
			
With billions upon billions of pounds in revenue generated from book
sales, film adaptations and all other mediums, and with the hysteria
surrounding the series now all but gone, it seemed the perfect time to
re-visit the Harry Potter film franchise. I'll state outright that I'm
a fan of the books: they are hardly ground-breaking pieces of
literature, but they are a meticulously crafted and widely imaginative
set of novels, maturing with it's progression and with the age of it's
characters and readers. The movie adaptations were consistently
average, fiercely loyal to J.K. Rowling's prose but always somewhat
lacking in substance.Shut away in the cupboard under the stairs by his adoptive parents
(Richard Griffiths and Fiona Shaw), 11 year-old Harry Potter (Daniel
Radcliffe) lives an unhappy life. But there's something different about
him, as he learns when he talks to a snake at a zoo and makes the
protective glass disappear, causing his vile cousin Dudley Dursley
(Harry Melling) to fall into the tank. His life changes when he is
invited to enroll at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The
invitations are burned by the Dursleys, and they go to great lengths to
stop him going to a place that will teach him magic, until he is
rescued by a hairy giant named Reubus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane).When introduced into the magical world with Hagrid, Harry learns that
he is famous. His parents were killed by an evil wizard named Lord
Voldemort (generally referred to as You-Know-Who), but Harry survived
the attack, seemingly killing Voldemort and inflicting Harry with a
lightning bolt scar on his forehead. When he gets to Hogwarts, he is
befriended by the bumbling Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and the
precocious Hermione Granger (Emma Watson), and the three are quickly
embroiled in a plot involving murdered unicorns, a mysterious artefact
known as the philosopher's stone, and a giant three-headed dog.Philosopher's Stone is almost defiantly faithful to the books. Sure,
lines are altered here, and minor characters are snipped out there, but
this is as close as literally 'bringing a book to life' gets. Yet while
this works in it's favour in terms of visualising Rowling's creations,
it doesn't even try to develop any ideas of it's own that would have
only worked in a visual medium. Much of Rowling's silly and charming
sense of humour is lost in simply filming whatever happens on the
pages. One of the main criticism's I have for the books is that a lot
of the major characters are little more than archetypes, so a lot
rested on the three young leads' shoulders in making us interested
enough to stick with them.Sadly, two of the three fall rather flat, with only the gurning and
hang-dog Rupert Grint showing a natural gift for appearing on the big
screen. Potter is a simple enough character anyway, at least he is at
this point of the story, shy, naive but brave, but Radcliffe gives an
incredibly one-note performance, encapsulated in the scene in which he
discovers he can perform magic. "I'm a... wizard?" he says, lacking
anything resembling a facial expression. Watson also struggles to bring
much likability to her self-satisfied bookworm, her eyebrows constantly
rising and falling as she struggles to perform her lines with any
conviction.For the rest of the cast, director Chris Columbus has rounded up a
smorgasbord of British and Irish talent, a collection of well-trained
thespians who steal the entire film from it's leads. Richard Harris
plays Professor Dumbledore, Hogwarts' headmaster, Maggie Smith is
Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor, the house Harry is chosen
for, Alan Rickman is Professor Snape, Harry's greasy-haired Potions
teacher, and John Hurt makes a small appearance as a wand-maker.
Coltrane probably steals the film as the beast-loving grounds-keeper
Hagrid. It's an amazing line-up that would consistently grow both in
talent and in numbers as the films progressed.Ultimately, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a success,
weaving an interesting enough story about the possible return of the
dark lord Voldemort, with Harry's wide-eyed introduction to the world
of hocus pocus. John Williams' Oscar-nominated and now widely
recognisable score captures some of the giddy movie magic of early
Spielberg, and the attention to detail is often remarkable. But like
the book, it ultimately suffers from being too kid-friendly,
spoon-feeding lessons in morality without giving much for adults to
chew on. It's little more than a well-told children's story, something
that would change as the novels became darker and more complex, but at
this point, it's a gentle introduction to a captivating world.
			
Basically, a film about a bestseller such as Harry Potter would have a
lot of potential, if it would be directed as careful as the novel.
Unfortunately, the narrative techniques of J.K.Rowling are not applied
in the movie at all, although this would be quite easy to do.There are several markers of carelessness in the movie. Firstly, the
characters are weakly introduced, if at all. The worst example is the
appearance of Firenze, the Centaur in the forbidden forest. He appears
for the first time to save Harry from Voldemort, but Harry reacts as he
would have known Centaurs for a long time and is not shy or fearful at
all. This does not make much sense, considering that it is his first
year in the world of magic. Secondly, the narrative thread is not very
consequent. As a spectator, the narration seems to jump between only
loosely connected scenes, which in my opinion does not allow to
understand everything, unless you have read the book. An example for
this is the flying lesson with Madam Hooch. Harry breaks the rules
there, and he is caught by McGonagall. But the audience does not learn
why Harry is not worried too much as he follows McGonagall, especially
if you consider that he is supposed do be excluded from Hogwarts. This
lack of narrative skills by the director shines through the whole
movie, as you may find unfortunately many other examples such as this.What I thought positive about the movie was the cast of actors and the
theme music, although overused. I still believe it is not really a
children's book, but the movie certainly is targeting children, which
may be another reason for the superficiality and carelessness mentioned
above.
			
I read enough of the first "Harry Potter" book to know that Chris
Columbus virtually recreated it scene by scene. However, I also read
enough to know that what he put on screen was a plodding, overly
literal adaptation that doesn't have an ounce of magic or creativity in
it.To be fair to Columbus, I don't really know what the alternative was.
The fan base for "Harry Potter" wanted the experience of watching it to
match exactly the experience of reading it, and would have revolted at
any more daring cinematic vision. It always makes me wonder why people
want to watch movies based on their favorite books in the first place
-- just read the books instead.Grade: B-
			
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is boring and insipid.The only
fun scene on this movie is the Quidditch scene.This movie is slow,very
slow.There are good actors on this movie like Richard
Harris(1930-2002),Alan Rickman,Maggie Smith and Robbie Coltrane,but
they do not make this movie fun.I was looking at my clock almost all
the movie.I am totally disappointed with this movie because it could be
way better.So I do not recommend this movie because it is boring,very
long and very slow. If this movie would have a director with more
talent(like Sam Raimi or Christopher Nolan) it could have been much
better than what it is.
			
"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is devotedly faithful to the
book. The special effects, especially the Henson Creature Shop and the
quidditch game, are fun, but not fantastically magical.There's a lot riding on those three kid leads, more than probably any
kids can communicate; it makes one realize how much of the book really
takes place inside Harry's head. The great British character actors are underutilized, especially John
Cleese as nearly Headless Nick. The music is too loud and obvious. A must for fans of the books but this won't make any converts. It is
long -- don't take kids too young to read the book; the little kids in
our audience were screaming to go home already. (originally written 11/25/2001)
			
Well, I never really was a HP fan, so my comment may be a little bit
unfair, but I was bored by this one.The series gets better - so I was told - but I think u have to be a
fan, to really like the first HP-movie.Outstanding as ever was the Score of John Williams and the images
(especially in the first hour of the movie) were great.It may be unfair, but the scene with the "Troll" were disappointing in
comparison with the (quite same) scene in the first LOTR film of that
year. But, well, HP was meant to be seen by little kids. This film has the same problem as STAR WARS EP I - it's like the first
chapter of a book, an introduction of the characters, but nothing more.So, if u are a fan, u probably want to have this to complete your DVD
collection.
			

I seen the previews and I knew that it was geared towards kids. My friends
and family however insisted it wasn't and they dragged me to go see it. I
watched it. I enjoyed some of the special effects. I like the concept.
However, it was way too geared towards kids. There wasn't much of anything
there that was that entertaining story wise. Mostly it filled the screen
with childish slapstick humor. Don't get me wrong. Slapstick is fine. Just
not childish slapstick. I did however give this movie a 5 out of 10.

			

I'm turned off by movies that are hyped anyway just as a matter of
experience which has taught me that NO film is ever worth that much hype. 
I've read the Potter books.  Nice, fanciful stories, but also over-rated. 
Give me an Oz book any day instead.The film version's narrative is a bit choppy, the kids are downright
annoying at times, pacing is uneven, and at 152 minutes it's a bit long for
any tyke to watch in one sitting (my 6-8 years olds took 3-4 sittings). 
Over-all an average 5 out of 10; it is a nice film to watch once or twice,
but don't believe the hype (surprise!).  You won't be watching this 10 years
from now let alone 50...Wizard of Oz it ain't.
			

When the Harry Potter books first came out and began to capture the
interests children and adults alike, I just brushed it off as another fad
that would stay for a while and disappear without a trace. I wasn't
interested in the books at all until one of my closest friends suggested
that I read it. At first I declined and thought it would go against my
style
if I was sucked into the Potter craze. Then one day at the library, I
noticed an entire shelf committed to Harry Potter books, written by the
much
loved author, J.K. Rowling. "What harm could it do? I'll just read it, and
then I can say 'I told you so' if i hate it." So, I borrowed all four
books,
took them home, and began to read.
I was in for the biggest surprise of my life. I actually liked
these
books! I couldn't put them down, and I though I hate being proven wrong, a
little part of me was glad that I had borrowed and read these books. Then
I
bought all four books from BN and anticipated the upcoming movie, "Harry
Potter and the Sorceror's Stone."
After seeing the movie on the first day it came out (perhaps it was all
the
propaganda going around) I thought it was "great." I saw it twice more and
began to realize this movie wasn't that great.
Some of the scenes in the novel are cut out, (some of them were my
favorite), and was much disappointed in that. Other than that, I didn't
imagine Professor M. to be that old. Sure, I knew she was old, but not
THAT
old. Hagrid wasn't that bad, except he appeared to be more stupid or
absent
minded in the movie than he had in the book. "I shouldn't have said that."
was repeated way too many times to receive laughter.Hermione - where's the big teeth?Ron - He was "ok" in my comparison to the book.Harry - harry was supposed to be small and skinny in the book. Maybe
daniel
radcliffe should lose a few pounds so he can look a bit thinner.Malfoy - In my opinion, he perfectly matched the look.It's all my opinion, but overall the movie was maybe a 5.4 out of 10, that
is, if you've read the book. I didn't think it was all that great after
watching it 4 times and began picking up flaws. But if you haven't read
the
books and plan to watch it once or twice, it'll be around 8.3 - 8.7 range.
I
hope the next movie will be better.
			

Perhaps my expectations were way too high, but this movie left me with
little incentive to see the next installment although I'm still planning
on
reading all the books (yes, I'm the guy who hasn't read any Harry yet).
Although the special effects were wonderful and the acting quite good
overall and the story interesting I never connected with any of the
characters and the movie seemed more an episodic exercise than a connected
whole.  Maybe it's the directing and maybe it was TOO faithful to the
book,
although my spouse says otherwise, but for me it lacked the overall sense
of
wonder that I felt I should have.

			

"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is little kid's eye candy. Funny,
crazy and weird creatures and backgrounds appear around every corner, which
is fun to behold until a point. This film, directed by Chris Columbus and
based on the popular J.K. Rowling novel, comes in at around two and half
hours and feels at least that long, if not a little longer. Little kids will
probably enjoy it, but after awhile, eye candy can only do so much. Children
will enjoy the visual imagination in front of them, but anyone over the age
of 13 may be looking for a little more substance behind the characters than
this. A 5 out of 10.
			

When I bought it on DVD I thought this may be also for adults. Im now 33
years old and i have to admit that this film is no (more) adapted for me and
I would recommend it only for children. Okay the special effects were good
but the story was too long and some times too boring.
Perhaps the book is more interesting to read because you can imagine in an
other dimension. I think the film is too overrated and I give only
5/10.
			

When I obtained pre booked tickets for the long awaited 'Harry Potter and
the Sorcerors Stone (Philosiphers Stone) I was very pleased with myself
and
went into the packed cinema to get a good seat. When the film started
however, I noticed the massive chunks of the book just dissapearing in the
wave of a wand. Director Chris Colombus is not too good at this type of
film
and lets us down with his nasty angles and overuse of zoom. The child
acting
is terrible at best, though Rupert Grint plays a satisfactory part as Ron
Weasley, Harry's mate. Steve Kloves has completely destroyed a fantastic
book with this screenplay, though, if you ignore the amazing book, you may
enjoy this film. 
			
"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a great film for kids in the
same way that a lot of generic fiction is great for kids. They are too
young to know that many of the themes in Harry Potter have been done to
death in other fantasy books and (to an extent) movies.To make it worse, two factors. One, Harry is a bit of an anti-hero
because things happen to him rather than he taking the lead.
Additionally, bits and pieces of the book are placed in the movie in a
way which builds quite a meandering plot for someone who hasn't read
the book. The game of air hockey "quiddich", and learning to fly the
brooms are two examples. The overall theme of the Harry Potter series
(as I have been told by friends) is that Harry is a little boy who
finds himself, grows up and discovers greatness. That theme is 100%
lost in the film.If you didn't rave over "LadyHawke" or "Labyrinth", or more recently,
"Final Fantasy" or "Jumanji", you probably won't rave over Harry
Potter. Arty types who've been listening to all the hype and
considering going should note that the film didn't win any Oscars.
Harry Potter is a world apart from Lord of the Rings.Who should see this film:-- Fantasy buffs -- I won't be able to dissuade you so I won't try,but don't bring your SO, instead take him/her to LOTR.-- Kids and adults with kids who have built up a toleranceto kid stuff-- Sci-fi buffs who either love computer graphics or havenothing better to do on a rainy day.I'll give Harry Potter and The Sorceror's Stone a 5 out of 10. Sorry!
			

Goodness, there seems to be a LOT of praise for this movie.  I must not
have
seen the same one as all of you.I didn't read any of the books, and I was lost and confused throughout
this
film. I'll admit, the beginning was honestly not too bad, and the art
direction was creative and believably "magical." But once they arrived at
the school, it all went downhill. The events became hard to follow; for
example, whatever game that Harry and his peers played, it was NOT well
explained, and I'm sitting in the theater wondering, "what is the point?"
And again, at the end when the three friends go off to do... well,
whatever
the point was. I didn't understand WHY they were doing anything they did -
it all seemed very unsupported. But again, I'll admit that might be my
fault, because towards the end (heck, even the middle), I found myself
fighting to pay attention. I don't see how everyone else sat through this
droning bore.
And what the hell is with everyone saying the special effects are great?
They're not even decent. In fact, the scene with the monster in the
bathroom
-- that was TERRIBLE. The whole second half of the movie was dominated by
"special effects," and it killed any of the "magic" the first half almost
had.Oh - and did anyone else find it strange that they celebrate CHRISTmas at
a
school for WITCHCRAFT? or is it just me again? I guess I just don't get
what
everyone sees in Harry Potter...
			

This film version of the children's classic has now been out long enough for
us to take the p*ss. For Potter fans and kids basically. `Yes kids, you too
can be like Harry Potter. All you need is a Christmas list as long as your
arm, a shopping arcade and a parent with a credit card! And remember, if
your parents won't buy it for you, that's proof that they don't love you
enough and you should run away!' A soulless and uninspiring hack job
designed to squeeze the maximum amount of dosh out of the viewing
public.
			

I am surprised that JK Rowling had anything to do with the filmingat all! Vital (SMALL) sections were left out, and the ending wascompletely altered for no apparent reason, other than an ego tripfor Warner Bros computer animation dept!  Whilst I enjoyedsections of the movie, I thought  Emma Watson II over-acted all thetime, whilst Daniel Radcliffe performed acceptably. To my way ofthinking, the pick of the actors was Rupert Grint as Ron. Hedemonstrated superb timing and had an easy way of acting. AlanRickman as Snape was a good choice, but once again, WBroshad to add a nice little line wishing Potter good luck in theQuiddich match!! TOTALLY out of character and unnecessary.
Warner Bros had a wonderful opportunity to create a masterpiece,but they stuffed it up!
			

Very disappointing.  Too much time spent indulging in fair-to-middling
special effects to the detriment of the essence of the books - the ugly
duckling who finally discovers his own kind, the value of friendship, the
difficulty of doing good.  This movie is Harry Potter lite.  The effects
were not that special, Harry is too wooden and boring, Ron sneers like a
music hall villain, and some of the most effective parts of the story were
left out.  
			

This movie was okay, but the events seemed all squished in together. Too
fast. The effects were great. But the movie missed the luster of the book,
that part of book 1 that contributed to your not being able to put it
down.
			

To sum " Harry Potter" up in one word........ BORING! THAT WAS 3 HOURS I
COULD HAVE SAVED GOING SHOPPING! I understand that the movie was for young
children, but i mean come on, did they even at one point get sick and
tired
of watching " Harry Potter" being bullied, and then being let down
terribly?
And to think there's 2 more 2 come, just what the world needs more
trilogies! Although "HARRY POTTER" did open the gate way for " THE LORD OF
THE RINGS" great huh? on a scale of 1-10 i give " HARRY POTTER" a 1.
because
it was long and boring, and quite frankly seemed sincless!
			

This could have been a GREAT film. Like the books are really,really, GREAT!!! 
But it isn't.
The problem is among others that the film is to short, and that vitalthings to the story has been left out. The presentation of Snape, forinstance, is to short and to little vivid.
			
   ***SPOILERS***   ***SPOILERS***
Harry who?  I must admit I have never read any of J.K. Rowling's
apparently
delightful Harry Potter novels.  I always understood that they were for.
well, children.  Which was why I couldn't really understand all the hype
surrounding the movie.  To be honest, it wasn't until a few months ago,
when
every magazine on the shelf was covered with Harry Potter's gleaming mug,
when I decided I better sit up and take notice.  And that I did.Commercials, trailers, previews, behind-the-scenes pull-out guides were
appearing everywhere and, all this while, whoever was sitting next to me
at
the time would be wearing an enormously excited, genuine grin.  All I
could
do was feign interest. and grin.  The truth is, I wasn't interested.
Just.
curious.  Then reviews and box-office results started to filter out - it
was
an immediate success!  With everyone!  Critics and viewers alike.  I had
to
see it. didn't I?  Not really actually.  The truth is, if you doubt you'll
be interested, you probably won't, or at least you should go in not
expecting film of the year.  Like I did (lowers head in shame).This is a children's movie.  Which apparently means bad acting,
predictable
dialogue and lots of standing around and screaming, before running around
for another few minutes (Home Alone fashion).  Is that what children's
movies are all about?  Just making a film worse than it could be?
Apparently.  I keep saying 'apparently', because if that's what the rest
of
the world think, then I'm not going to argue with them.  But hang on,
wasn't
'The Lion King' a children's movie?  Wasn't the updated version of
'Miracle
on 34th Street' primarily for kids at Christmas?  The difference between
these and 'Harry Potter' is there is something to enjoy for everyone.
They
work on more than one level.  'Harry Potter' doesn't.  The characters are
merely bold, stereotyped, completely undeveloped people, acting very, very
flatly with little or no enthusiasm.But hang on, it's a children's movie. SO WHAT?!?!  It shouldn't make a
single bit of difference to the actual quality.  OK, so characters can be
excused for lack of depth, but surely this should be made up for in
superficial acting qualities like timing and charisma.  Robbie Coltrane
(Rubeus Hagrid) manages.  Unfortunately the majority of the cast don't and
end up looking like people straight out of a British Sunday afternoon
children's series.Should the title character really be so. plain?  Am I meant to be behind
him, cheering him on, hoping he does well?  Sorry, I must have forgot to
be.
Daniel Radcliffe simply isn't cute enough - he's too mature.  I know this
is meant to be an example of his strong persona, but it just means I never
feel sorry for him or never want him to succeed.  He feels too
untouchable,
like James Bond or Indiana Jones, who to my knowledge, both surpass the
age
of eleven by some length.  This, however, is the director's (Chris
Columbus)
fault and not Radcliffe's.  At the beginning of the film we are shown
Harry's Uncle and Aunt and how their outrageous neglect of him has
seriously
effected him.  Or not.  In fact, it doesn't appear that he could care less
that he sleeps in a cupboard below the stairs.  Harry doesn't look
starved,
over-worked or neglected, he just looks like a normal kid and the only
thing
frightening about his Aunt and Uncle is that they appear to have both
fallen
straight out of every single children's series ever made.  OK, so they're
caricatures, they don't need to be strongly developed characters, but I
tired overly quick of their unoriginal personalities as I had seen it so
many times before.This is also how the majority of the characters in the film functioned;
merely there to serve their purpose and act pantomimic.  As a children's
novel, J.K Rowling may have described them like this, which no doubt
probed
the imagination of children into creating such fun and lively characters,
but in my opinion, on the screen, it doesn't work.All of the child actors do a decent job to distinguish their relationships
early on, but Chris Columbus' direction does nothing to elevate them above
the average mark; and if Ron Weasley (played by Rupert Grint) does that
weird little sideways smirk one more time, I'm going to scream.Nobody in the film has quite enough 'umph' to show us what they're meant
to
be; Harry and co aren't quite likeable enough and had I not been bombarded
with so much pre-performance information I probably wouldn't have guessed
that Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton) was meant to be the villain.  Just to add
another nail in the coffin of unprofessional film-making, the children
even
appeared to nearly forget their lines on several occasions, as their
sentences drew to a hesitant end; which, quite frankly, I cannot
understand
since half the time I knew what they were going to say before they even
opened their mouths.The only child who impressed me was the young Emma Watson who played
Hermione Granger; she somehow managed to be likeable and irritating at
once.
The adult actors don't do a much better job with the aforementioned
Robbie
Coltrane being the only one who seems to be comfortable with his role;
even
the usually brilliant, Alan Rickman, disappointed me.'Disappointed' seems to summarise the whole experience for me.  With all
the
hype surrounding the film it's difficult not to be disappointed.  But, oh
my, were there many things to disappoint me.  In this day and age I expect
to see a higher quality of special effects in a film, especially in one
with
such a huge budget.  Remember in the 1950's films where you'd see a shot
inside a car and it would be obvious they were actually in a studio and
not
really on the open road?  Well it seems Chris Columbus thought he'd go
back
to using that effect for the broomstick scenes.  Oh no, a troll has broken
free from the dungeon!  But he's not real, he's a computer image.  One so
blatantly a computer image that I'm surprised the children fell for it.
What? He's supposed to be 'real'?  But he looks so cartoony and
two-dimensional.  OK, well what about the part where they were all playing
a
sports game on the PlayStation?  What was that, it wasn't a computer game?
They were meant to be playing a magical sport called 'Quidditch'?  Oh
right.
I'll be blunt again - it didn't look real by a long stretch and it
sounded
like there was a crowd of 200,000 even though there was obviously only
about
200 children in there.Having said that, the game of 'Quidditch' was actually one of the more
exciting parts of the film.  It was fast, fun and for once I couldn't
guess
what was coming next. well, sort of.  As the scene progressed, it became
more and more like every sport's film ever made where we are forced to
feel
uplifted and behind the losing side (the good side), but it did go
creepily
clich by suddenly cutting to Coltrane's character who was cheering them
on:
`Yeah, go on, you can do it!' I think his words were, or something else
which made him look as equally uncomfortable.But it didn't really matter, because it entertained the viewer's and most
importantly, the kids, and this is what the film was all about.  But this
is
all it did do, which I personally think is a very easy feat.  Ironically,
for a film all about magic, it didn't quite have enough movie magic;
something which, if possessed, can literally turn a bad movie into a work
of
art (e.g. Star Wars).  But it had just about enough to do the business;
just
enough charm to make me smile; just enough interesting set-pieces for me
to
never really get bored or look at my watch; just enough. of everything.
It
did what it had to do and nothing more.'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (or Philosopher's Stone as it's
called in Britain)' is a film which must have something that really hits a
magical nerve in many movie-goers, otherwise the film would not have been
so
critically and commercially well-received.  Unfortunately, it missed mine.
I enjoyed the experience, but was basically disappointed and frustrated to
find not a cinematic masterpiece, but a technically average and
underwhelming film.  Of this year's main movies, Harry Potter is not one
that will live in the hearts and memories of viewers and the bizarre
comparison between this and 'The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the
Ring' is utterly unfounded.  In my opinion, there is no
comparison.An ultimately disappointing experience that was fairly fun and enjoyable
while it lasted, but never really went that bit further.  One for the
kids.
Now, I'm off to make a children's film.  Which means I'll have a few
heroic
kids; a mean kid who is fatter than the rest and picks his nose and stuff
like that; a bad guy who is actually quite nice and a good guy who is
actually quite bad.  Sound good?  Didn't think so.6/10 (3*/5)
			

The only reason I went to see this movie was because my girlfriend gave me
no other option.  However, once I got to the theater, I was really in the
mood to try to open my mind up and let this movie capture my attention.Unfortunately it never did.  Granted, I am not big into dungeons and
dragons, witchcraft, sorcerers or wizards, but that didn't stop me from
really enjoying Lord of the Rings.  So that proves that I am *capable* of
enjoying a night out watching a movie such as this, however Harry Potter
just didn't do it for me.I don't know if was just the main character, Harry Potter, that turns me
off
or what, but I must say that he surely didn't help matters.  He seemed to
be
nothing but a "do-gooder" who is a brainiac but yet the athletic
"braveheart" of the movie.  Yea right, ummm ok.By the time the movie was over, I was dying to get out of the theater.
Had
it gone on for even 10 more minutes I think I would have had a nervous
breakdown trying to hide my discontent from my girlfriend.After the movie I just wrote it off as me not liking it due to the idea
that
I'll never like a fantasy movie with wizardry in it.  However since seeing
Lord of the Rings, I now know it isn't just me, as I loved that one.  I
guess I just don't like the character Harry Potter, thus making it hard to
like the movie, Harry Potter.  And by the way, no I never read the books
about Harry Potter, and now I doubt I ever will.
			

Maggie Smith was wonderful, and Harry very well cast but the movie as a
whole was long and slow and lacking in wit. As for all the controversy, most
of the content was harmless enough, and some just whimsical, but there were
some bits that were emotionally pretty strong (a little boy sacrificing
himself for the greater good???) and violent and probably nightmare
material. It was a pretty good story but could have been better told. For
all the frenetic pace, it did seem to drag.
			

The casting is good. The castles are real. The kids are especially
cute and good. The ghosts are fun. But the music seems recycled.
The special effects are underwhelming. And the movie just does
not seem to WORK. There's a lack of suspense & the enjoyable
qualities of the novel would have transferred much better with
some narration. 
			

If you're not a kid and/or didn't read the book.....run as far away from
this drivel as you can.  It is so contrived and boring and long and
sad........I know it is hugely popular...but I fell asleep several times as
the dialog went on and on in the most ridiculous directions!  Just pure
nothing this film.Boring, Boring, Boring............although my kids loved it...they really do
love the book and this film - so I have to add that to this review.  It just
was definitely not my kind of film.......The Lord of the Rings,
though........that's another story!  That's what you should go see if you
like fantasy films and are older than 9!
			

This is what happens when a good story is done by a 
non-magical-person. Harry Potter is not a bad movie. The problemis that is simply competent. It happens that when you tell achildren's story, you just don't only read the lines of the book like arobot. You act the lines, and give some life to it. What happens withthe storytelling here is that it's lifeless, flat, uninspired. Usuallywhat we see when making money is the only matter taken inconsideration for creating a movie. Columbus was clearly thewrong choice for directing the film. Potter has a great story, andpeople will enjoy it, though is quite forgettable entertainment. Pitybecause it could have been a classic.
			

A classic example of why you don't just 'act out the book' when
interpreting
a novel for the screen. The film, while it looked and felt right in terms
of
visualisation and tone, was a lifeless quick once-over of the plot,
leaving
those who hadn't read the book (friends I went with) thinking it was
rather
a lame story. A real shame and a poor advertisement for the book. None of
the British wit and charm of the story was preserved, substitued instead
for
weak Hollywood laughs (3 kids screaming in unison, then turning 2 seconds
later and running out of the room -gimme a break).I beg the movie-gods to not let this film franchise last more than a
couple
more films. There is NO way the team responible for this film could hope
to
pull off The Goblet of Fire (book 4). I fear the series would degenerate
into a B-movie joke which would seriously undermine the integrity of this
fantastic series of books.(PS. For a lesson in how a good book should be turned into a script, go
see
The Fellowship of The Ring.)
			

I went to see this movie thinking that it would be appropriate for adults; I
had seen many friends reading the novel, they seemed to enjoy it at any age.
I was damn wrong...
This is definitely a movie for children. It is pretty nicely filmed, though
I think you can reach much higher levels of oniric poetry without so many
special effects (like Paul Grimault & Jacques Prvert's "Le roi et
l'oiseau"). But it does treat the audience like a bunch of kids no older
than 11.
Where is all the satiric tone I was told was abundant in the book? Is it
really the best way to raise children, keeping them in a naive Disney-like
"gnan-gnan" world?
The cast is pretty good, I liked the animated portraits on the walls in the
background (This is poetry that touches both adults and
kids...).
But overall it is far below what I was supposed to expect.
5/10.
			

The feeling I get from this film, is the same as my 9 year old son."It was OK, but..." The formula is typical, no real surprises and the
special effects were exactly that: special effects.
They stood out too much as effects and the movie loses a lot because of
this. The actors, particularly the kids, were well cast however and
delivered their lines on cue etc. Am I the only one who feels that this
was
just a long advert for the merchandising industry. Just too slick for
us.
			

In a few words, I found this film too long, too dark (in the literal sense
of the word), too childish and too tiring to watch overall. The technical
merit is obvious but apart from that I see no room for serious
criticism.
Some extraordinary twists in the plot are made in order to make things... as
Harry-friendly as possible and the whole thing seems more like a pop-icon
celebration than like a... normal / average tale that I could have actually
liked. It's as if we're supposed to go into the movie-theater already being
in love with the damn kid!
The fact that some things are... over-explained is perhaps suitable for the
film's intended audience but tiring to an adult and I must also add that I
could not help noticing a rather... sexist tone (female characters have a
supporting role while the real heros are all male). I'm not one of those
politically correct wackos but it's a rather  unpleasant surprise when you
think that this is the first major tale-movie of the 21st
century!
			

The film version tells a weak story.  Harry never has to work for anything
(money, quittage, the stone itself.)  Instead, he is rescued by a centaur,
is freely given a great deal of cash, is suddenly in possession of the
stone.Additionally, we do not know the true power of the stone.  At no time does
anyone seem to be in real danger from it.  We have to wonder what the fuss
is.And -- cardinal sin here -- Harry does not seem to grow at all.  He is
exactly the same little boy at the end as he was at the beginning.  This
after a Hero's Quest?And dumblesticks to Richard Harris -- who phoned in his
role.
  
			

This tale, based on the popular book series, is a real accomplishment from a
technical standpoint but might seem somewhat tedious to non fans of the
book. Tech achievements are all excellent and the cast, both young and old,
aquit themselves very well. While the film does have some outstanding
sequences that keep your attention, at 2 1/2 hours the film does run a good
half hour too long and often bogs down in some less than captivating
sequences that slow the story down. Fans have told me that these will pay
off in the sequels, but as a vieweing experience on its own, the film is
just a tad too long. GRADE: B
			

Well today, I finally caved in and saw this movie. For starters I'm sick and
tired about "Harry Potter". What I saw was just as I was expecting for a
very big hyped movie. The movie itself had a very small plot(mainly Harry's
first year at special school for wizards) and a small subplot about a
special stone. This acting at times seems very wooden from both the actors,
the extras etc. There is special effects overkill in this movie.The running time is a little over 2 1/2 hours. This movies moves very slowly
a lot of the time. Even when they have special effects it seems like it's a
too long of a movie. I liked the adult actors, but I hope the child actors
playing Harry Potter etc do not get typecast as they could if they play
their roles until they are grown up. I also wondered if parts of this movie
were left out on the cutting room floor.I say if you are die hard fan of the series, see this movie, But if you are
causal fan or just sick and tired of the whole "Harry Potter" thing wait for
it on DVD/videotape. 
			

Overlong, lacking in humour, short on plot, poorly acted by the youngsters.
Overall, the film generally lacks any magic.Another 3 of these to come? O
No. However, I'm told by those who have read all the books that the stories
do get more gripping as the tale progresses. Let's hope
so.
			

I have never read any of the books and so I am a little tired of people
comparing the two. As a film in it's own right I can't see what the fuss
is
all about. The story is charming yet predictable. The special effects
leave
something to be desired whereas the production design is excellent. Actors
of the calibre of Rickman, Smith and Harris are wasted with small and
unimportant scenes, and the rest of the film is dominated by children with
mediocre acting ability. It was modestly entertaining but at 2 and 1/2
hours
long it drags on with a wafer thin plot and marginally entertaining set
pieces. I can see the appeal of the film to those who have read the book,
but as a stand alone piece of film making it comes about par for the
course.

			

All the buzz and news hype had my expectations up in order of props, special
effects, storyline and music.  Sadly, only John William's magical melodies
had the type of wizardry promised. Being fair, I found the props antiquatedly quaint and efforts were made in
the make-up, though the faces of the goblins still looked distinctly stiff.However, the special effects were a let-down with a plasticine-like troll.
But the biggest let-down must have been the storyline, which clearly evolved
into a Lord-of-the Rings wannabe after the sparkling initial ingenuity of a
modern-day wizard boarding school, and ended with an 'Indian Jones and the
Last Crusade' -like finale. I gave it a 5 rating.  Which means I won't be watching it again... nor
reading the book. 
			
... I really don't understand what all the fuss is about.Well, I have to confess: I have never ever read a book of the Harry Potter
series. So this movie was my first contact with the phenomenon
Potter.And though the movie was aptly made and mostly painless to watch, it
certainly did not give me an idea of how a story so full of stereotypes and
borrowed ideas from traditional fantasy stories could ever develop into such
a mass hysteria media spectacle. Yes, it might be a nice story for children. That's okay. But what do all the
adults find in this story??? The characters are so unendurably good and evil
that I could not find the key to the "magic" behind it.So well, this is as far as Harry Potter will ever go for me. Certainly did
not get interested into reading one of those books. Certainly won't buy ANY
of the terrible merchandize available EVERYWHERE. But probably will watch
the second movie too, if only to do my girlfriend a favor...
			

Why couldn't we wait thirty years for some young kid who grew up reading
these books to put his vision on to the screen. Why must we immediately
cash
in on a franchise that's barely even gotten off the ground? Why does Chris
Columbus feel like he is capable of directing anything? Why does anyone
think that by simply creating CG visual effects and REALLY LOUD sound
effects the audience will be amazed. Why isn't the whole movie nearly as
suspensful as the live chess game. Why is the plot of the film only
revealed
in the last forty minutes. Why is this movie so long when scenes that
obviously serve the sole purpose of pandering to the readers of Harry
Potter
need to be cut? Why was Alan Rickman even in the movie, other than to look
very shifty? Why does this movie seem to be missing any affection towards
it
subject, or rather, why does this film seem like it is fueled purely by the
tradition of making lots of money, fast? Why did i pay
$8.50?
			

Ok i saw this movie without reading the books. i was tempted to read the
books but i thought it was better to watch the movie as a movie. The movie
is well done. IT has some funny parts and the story is really good for a
kids movie. THe main problems i hade with the movie was how in 2 and half
hours they still rushed to explain things. They would always have some
character jump in and explain some really important thing in 2 seconds and
then leave.I did hear how the special effects were suppose to be so good
and
they were just average in my point of view. The acting was good, the story
was fine but the end was more of the same. I groaned in pain when
everything
came together. Same old crap. Take your kids to see it and dont just like
it
cause it has such big crowds. Remeber one thing.......the movies that are
the biggest are the worst. Star wars episode one ( SO bad!!!!) Titanic
(ONe
of the worst scripts) and THe LOST WORLD ( nuff said) I guess not all big
movies are bad but most are. This is just another over hyped
movie
			

A media hype, and a beaut'! I can't remember ever being so lied to by the
media. They said it was the most succesful film ever. Not true! I too
bought
tickets way in advance. However, on the day of the premiere, the theater
was
more than half empty! Less than a dozen adults and some 40 children or so.
Hardly what was expected after the 'raves' on TV. Some newspapers really
said what happened in theaters nationwide and it was exactly like we
experienced. Disappointment everywhere it seems...OK, so now the film. Was it good? Let's say, it was 'OK'. Sure, the effects
are impressive, but not more than in many other films. The storyline was
quite simple. Mostly the film is a row of 'sightseeing events'. There's no
such thing as a captivating plot or interesting characters. The clue is
quite disappointing. The film is too long, but the climax is too short. In
my opinion and that of my family this film is unbalanced. Video material,
of
you ask me. The books are quite good, but if the next film isn't totally
different in quality, it's bye bye Harry...
			

Chris Columbus really bungled this one.  Why he failed to see the
myriad moments of the book that fall flat on screen escapes me.For example, the opening scene:  what's exciting about a couple
wizards telling each other about this Harry Potter kid?  Show--don't
tell--please.  Then much of the following scenes were the same
thing--actors sounding off lines without really listening to them.Did anyone edit this movie?After the show, I heard several audience members murmur how
they enjoyed it.  But during the show, there were few moments
when anyone laughed, or reacted in any way at all.  I suspect
people are so convinced by the marketing plan that the movie
MUST be good--and after this year, desperate for creativity outside
of Hollywood--that they have no choice but to react with quiet
consent.  An epic movie like this one should do more than illicit a
few, 'oh yeah, it was good, sure....'The film should have been half as long.  Why keep so many
scenes from the book that were boring exposition?  J.K. Rowling's
only tools were words on the page.  Columbus has image and
sound--why does he always revert to dialogue to explain
everything?  I realized that the film is largely intended for kids, but
kids aren't stupid.There was never a sense of an over-arching conflict that bound the
pieces together.  The scenes were occasionally exciting, but only
in a self-contained context.  John Cleese was wasted as Nearly
Headless Nick.  The lighting was less than magical.  Harry Potter
acts like a tiny Keanu Reeves, his only reactions to anything being
"whoa," and "wow."  The introduction of Hogwarts fizzles as soon
as we get inside and the professors start explaining things.  The
podrace sequence--excuse me, Quidditch match--has been done,
done, done.  What's the deal with Quidditch, anyhow?  Why
bother scoring points when the whole match comes down to
whoever catches the Snitch?  A lot of the magic in Harry Potter's
world is either ripped from older stories or too half-baked to make
any sense.I would, however, like to commend Alan Rickman, Tom Felton, and
David Bradley, for their nuanced performances of Snape, Malfoy,
and Filch, respectively.  Fine job.My advice for the sequel:  take liberties with the book!
			

My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed all of the Harry Potter books.  We were
both disappointed by the movie.  One of the primary reasons for our
disappointment has been all the hype about how closely the movie follows
the
book. While the movie follows the book better than some, there are
numerous
places where the book plot was cast aside by some editor with no
appreciation for what makes the books so magical in the first place.
Important plot points were either cut out, or revised for the best visual
effect.We also thought some of the casting choices, and some of the performances,
were quite poor.  While Hagrid was excellently portrayed, as was Ron, the
portrayal of Harry was mediocre. We both thought the actress who played
Hermione was trying WAY too hard.  As for Dumbledore: Richard Harris may
be
talented, but he was not well cast in this role.  We also thought the way
the plot developed significantly underplayed Snape's role, and failed to
take advantage of the talented Alan Rickman.Jesterpee's individual comments: In addition to the plot shortcomings, I
thought this movie was another example of action and visual impact over
substance.  While much of the movie contained very detailed scenery and
some
beautiful cinematic shots, I felt that certain scenes were unnecessarily
prolonged only for the sake of showing off the detailed set and pretty
scenery. I also felt that many of the high-speed scenes (e.g., the
Quidditch
match) relied heavily on obvious computer graphics that were not very
convincing.My wife's individual comments:  In addition to our comments above, my wife
felt that the plot would be very hard to follow, unless you have already
read the books.
			

Two hours and twenty minutes of not being in the know with a full house of
unruly kids who all seemed to know all the inside stuff, ....it makes one go
to sleep at worst and squirm around in the seat a lot at
best.I confess I was anxious to go see this 125 million dollar "kid's" movie and
it had some interesting parts, but it was a dead dog drag in a lot of places
too.I feel rather like the kid who said the king's new cloak was his bare
behind! People say..."Oh wasn't it fabulous?" and I say...In a word NO! I 
can see lots of promising things in the movie but nothing at all as good as
"E.T" which is to be re-released in the spring and I found myself delighted
by seeing the previews again.My neighbor said; "If you haven't read the books you wasted your money to
go!"I think she had a point. The plot is old, tired, and just plain trite. The
acting save one, the big guy...I  don't even know his name, is all ordinary.
The special effects are good but not the best I've seen and movies that are
carried solely by their special effects bore me anyway.I heard two women talking about it yesterday and their comments may make me
go see it again.  One said; "...it was a secret plot to undermine Christian
values with pagan witch craft!"I asked my seven year old grandson if he thought the movie was about witches
and he said; "....Naw Poppie....it's about people who act like witches."
Enough said perhaps?All you right wing crusaders out there lighten up. This is plain vanilla kid
fun and trying to make it anything else only sends fools like me back to see
what I might have slept through the first time.Go see it ...take the kids but keep the expectations in check and it will
pass easier.
			

It was interesting to start, but not at all magical. Possibly suffering
from
its Over-Hype and my anticipation.  It dragged after the mid-point and
lost
my interest as it plodded along. The mystery and whimsy was missing and
the
little girl was more annoying than appealing.  Overall a mediocre movie.

			

First off, I must say I was entertained during the entire movie - no
little
feat since my attention span is pretty short.  I thought that the acting
was
superb (especially the kids and Alan Rickman).  The special effects were,
for the most part, exciting, though it was blatantly obvious when screens
were used and some of the creatures didn't seem "real" (i.e. the
troll).The let-down, however, came because there were no surprises, and more
importantly, little wit.  Everyone who read the books will know exactly
what
happens, so that is to be expected, but it makes me wonder if going to
later
"Potter" movies will be worth it.  The people I went to the movie with and
I
each preferred the images we made up in reading the books to the one
presented on screen. My favorite element of the books is the smart side
comments the narrator makes - something not easily achieved in film.  I
hope
some artistic license will be allowed in later installments.
			

IF you ever get a chance to see the movie you will be sad that you had.I
thought the special effects were good but as the story goes it was
weak,too
long and most of the kids  got bored.this film should never beat Lord of
the
Rings( which i cant wait to see)this was  just an advertising stunt! the
kids will get bored of it in a few weeks 
			

After seeing Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone all I can ask is: Is
THAT
all that everybody was getting excited about?  The movie was long and slow
in some spots and the effects were VERY fake looking.  (Anybody that
complains about Star Wars I's effects looking fake and then extols the
virtues of this movie's effects should have their head
examined)Now, I haven't read the books and I probably won't because fantasy stories
are not my cup of tea, but I wasn't really impressed with the story.  To
me
it seemed like "The Neverending Story" with a bigger budget.It was a decent entertaining movie but I think Lord of the Rings looks
better.
			

What is a great story; well-cast; and with rich cinematographic license (a
long word to say special effects), is spoiled by the worst editing job of
the year. Scenes that go nowhere and mean nothing are interspersed within
the movie. And they leave one wondering what the hell the director was
doing. The library-research scene with the warm lamp and the bad guys
rushing off to locate the intruder is completely left hanging. The scene
beneath the trapdoor where the heroes have to win at chess to enter, only to
find the bad guy already there without any such challenge. And the fifteen
minute Quillage scene which is merely a set-up to a stupid gag (literally)
joke. These mistakes, and others, left me bored and bewildered. However if
you have a ten year old, or younger, they will probably be more taken with
the tricks than with the failings.
			

Harry Potter was actually not bad; considering the director, I assumed it
would be horrid as his other films.  It was a trace stodgy at the beginning,
with much-too-much time spent with the awful relatives (this could have been
a brief, effective montage during the credits--we know he's miserable, we
don't need twenty minutes of beating over the head to "get it").  And we
could have dispensed with the entire train ride; just because a scene is in
a book, does not mean that it MUST be in the movie--movies and books are not
the same medium, and a film needs to travel at some sort of a
clip.
But once Potter got to school, I rather enjoyed myself.  With the exception
of the ghastly Emma Watson as Hermione (an awful, awful little actress who
mistakes enunciation for acting), the performers are enjoyable and funny. 
Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman are always a delight, and they really set a
pace in their scenes that the rest of the movie lacks.  Some of the effects
are grand, some are rather lumpen, but the movie is by and large trying so
hard to charm us that you have to give in or feel like a curmudgeon.  I gave
in.  I had a diverting afternoon.  Oddly enough, I took my children (8 & 10)
and enjoyed it MUCH MORE than they did.  I won't say this isn't a children's
movie; it's just too long and there isn't that feeling of awe that the best
children's films can evoke in a child.  They both thought it couldn't hold a
candle to "Shrek"--a movie with more of an and-then-what-happened vibe. 
Harry Potter needs to soar; this movie doesn't, but is enjoyable
nevertheless.
			

maybe it's just because i'm a cynical 16-year old know-it-all, but i didn't
really see the big deal about good old Harry Potter. it was an alright
movie, with some minor cool happenings, but it WAS kind of long and draggy
at times..well i'll shut up now, it wasn't THAT bad..Liz
			

Well, last Friday (Nov. 16),like millions of others, I went to go see the
Harry Potter Movie. I was disappointed but it had its o.k.
points...It went by so fast it was like looking through a picture book of the movie,
scene after scene after scene, but no real connection. I found they really
messed up the ending, and some of the characters in the book aren't even
there! It doesn't really give you the feeling that they're in Hogwarts,
there's hardly any classes, a real lack of school atmosphere. They get lost
in all the wrong times and places and some of the scenes really don't make
sense.  I know originally it was 4 hours long and they had to cut it down a
lot, but I would have watched it for 7 hours if it would have made a better
movie.It wasn't all bad though. Quidditch was absolutely AMAZING! The
invisibility
cloak looks really real, oh and speaking of real! Fluffy was incredible!
Loved the slober...Some of the actors were really good too. Ron and Hagrid were the best
though. Rupert Grint and Robbie Coltrane really outdid themselves. Oh and
Snape was great too (really evil). Daniel Radcliff (Harry Potter) on the
other hand, didn't seem to have the expression that Harry has in the book.Well, all in all, I'd give it half marks. 5/10 or **1/2 on *****, whichever
way you want me to rate it.Thanx for your time!
			

Like most mega-hyped movies (phantom menace anyone), Harry Potter lacks
much
of what 'great' movies have. Not to be unneccessarily criticial but this
movie will recieve many popular reviews that are just caught up in the wave
after Sept. 11 to reaffirm people's confidence in just how nice it is to
live today. Even Ebert has reduced himself to giving this film four stars.
Lets see.Harry in the movie is weak and without personality. It almost seems that
they casted Harry Potter to be a child who's only talent it to gaze with a
smile of wonderment at the fantastic visual effects around him. You'll see
it over, and over, and over again. Harry takes the switch from cinderella
living under the staircase to wizard celebrity without a hitch of change or
realization. Just that "WOW" look on his face. Suddenly however he's
compleatly not affected by an obviously harmfull enviroment.He does show a little feeling by selecting the rejected wizard family as
his
friends, however not too much time for this because its on to the FX baby.
Moving stairs, trolls and whatever else they can come up with. What happens
is there is a defenite trend of not acting, but a director pushing kids
through the motions of making a movie in between the glamourous and flashy
things we saw in the trailer. Makes you wonder if thats what the movie was
really made for. Great movie? Seems Chris Columbus and the movie industry
has performed a little 'magic act' themselves.
			

I am a father of two boys ages 5 & 6.  We were all excited about seeing this
movie.  The reviews are incredible.  I have yet to find a media outlet that
did not just LOVE this move.  We were ready to be transported into the world
of Harry Potter.  This movie must be like two and a half hours long.  The
boys were squirming and asking to leave.  For me there just was no big
payoff.  The CGI's looked like CGI's.  The movie moved at a very slow pace. 
I was waiting for that moment when I would be drawn in. It never happened.
The acting seemed to be fine.  It is a nice picture to look at.  The brooms
were cool, but There in no reason to see this movie in a theater.  There has
been a drought of good movies, but this film is no oasis, it is more like
finding an 8 oz. bottle of tap. 
			

***************WARNING, WARNING, WARNING!!!!!!*****************
!!!!Contains spoilers!!!!
Now before I start, I want to tell you that I'm a crazy Harry Potter fan,
I've read all 4 books multiple times and was waiting anxiously for this
movie to come out for months. I was sadly dissapointed.
I know a lot of people loved the movie, even critics... but I found it
lacked so much from the books. I know you're all saying:"Well, it's impossible to put every single detail into the movie, and
besides, it's already 2 1/2 hours long!"
But I have to tell you, I wouldn't have mind if it was 5 hours long if it
would just have had more of the books in it.
SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!It starts out fine... dumbledore's coming down the street with his
put-outer... and so on and so forth (I'm not going to tell you everything!)
but then it gets all messed up. No Mrs. Figgs, no Piers, an abrupt leaving
of privet drive, and you know what the worst thing of all is?? Hagrid says
the "Harry your a wizard" part all wrong! I won't tell you how though.....
Anyway, moving on....Once they get to Hogwarts, it starts getting better... but things happen in
the castle that aren't supposed to. They get lost in all the wrong times
and
places, time seems to leap in great bunches, almost no classes and... oops
giving to much away....Well... it soon gets obvious that Quirell's the bad guy, even to people who
haven't read the books and I, like many other people have a big problem at
the end involving something that Hermione does, or well is "supposed" to
do... won't say what though...Don't worry, I liked many things in the movie too. The Quidditch match was
amazing and the invisibility cloak looked really real... speaking of real,
Fluffy was incredible! I liked the slober... Oooh and other effects were
cool too but lacked an amount of magic that the book brings.Well anyway, over all, I'd say if you're a huge Harry Potter fan, and you
know every aspect of his life, you may not enjoy the movie as much as those
who won't know what to expect. I'd give it 5/10 or **1/2 on *****,
whichever
way you want to rate it.Thanx for your time!
Bye
			

I could not find any passion coming out of Daniel Radcliffe.
All I could see was his trying to act hard, which made many scenes
awkward.
Harry is supposedly the one who develops the theory of somebody's trying to
steel
the sorcerer's stone and trys to stop it. This kind of stunts must requires
lots of
inspiration, insights or leadership. But I could not see any of these in
this kid.
He looks like just an ordinary normal everyday kid.
Whenever he needed to provide a penetration or a leadership it looked just
strange.
It just did not match to his characteristics.Actually the other kids are doing good. Especially Tom Felton. He
looks
so natural as if he himself was a cheeky aggresive challenging kid but
still
hard to
completely hate. Emma Watson and Rupert Grint are also doing good
job.Film itself was taken very well. Special effect was very good, creating
wonderful world
of wizard. Generally it is still enjoyable but I wish Radcliffe could have
done better.
			

Spoilers galore!I have not read this book but the movie is obviously just a visual
re-telling of the book and not at all fit as a stand-alone movie.  It just
feels like it's trying to show certain passages from the book but not
really
tell a decent story along the way.  The motives and plot progression were
horribly forced.  Some examples were the whole part where the kids guessed
about the dragon being a distraction for Hagrid and the immediate
realization by the kids that they had to physically participate in the big
chess game.  Why were 2 pieces missing?  Why did Ron end up riding on
another piece?  It just makes no sense.  Why did the stone suddenly end up
in Harry's pocket?  I know the Headmaster explained it but it's still
totally unsatisfactory.  And what's with the Headmaster altogether?  What
kind of ridiculous name is Dumbledore?  Am I supposed to take him at all
seriously as a powerful wizard with a name like that?  His character
totally
bit.  He never displayed any real powers, he never gave any great counsel,
and he wasn't that cool as a screen presence.  So what about Harry, is his
only power basically that he can ride a broomstick at a championship level?
Why did he just sit there for most of the Quiddich game?  What is the point
of even having the other players is once a seeker catches that winged ball
the game is won?  Why did I find myself fully bored by about the time they
went into the woods?  Why was Harry's entire character as boring as soccer?
I've just read glowing review after glowing review about this movie and I
can only surmise that these are all people who've read the book and are
filling in all the little annoying gaps from memory.Don't bother rushing out to see this in the theater (unless you can't stand
being left out of the endless conversations there are sure to be about it).
It's a real good rental I'm sure.  It's certainly good for kids, except
it'll probably corrupt them over to the occult.  The whole thing just
didn't
hang together.  It felt basically like Home Alone.BTW - the production design was for the most part pretty great.  Oh, and
Hermione was just awesome, I loved her.  She was just so cute and
delightfully bossy.
			

Quite watchable but basically a children's classic that has adult audiences
agog on the basis of the books. The book was exceptionally well-written and
this is probably one of the things that draws in the adult reader. The film,
on the other hand, whilst a reasonably faithful and engaging adaptation,
adds little beyond putting amiable faces to the names of the characters. All
very competent and a must see for any Potter fans, but hardly outstanding in
its own right.
			
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Quite watchable, but basically a children's film that will leave more
mature audiences unimpressed, especially if they have read the novels
by J.K. Rowling. The book was exceptionally well-written and this is
probably one of the things that draws in the adult reader. The film, on
the other hand, whilst a reasonably faithful and engaging adaptation,
adds little beyond putting amiable faces to the names of the
characters. All very competent and a must see for any 'Potter' fans,
but hardly outstanding in its own right.~ 5/10 ~
			

I saw "Potter" in an open frame of mind.  I have not read the books, and
know next to nothing about the whole Potter phenomenon.  I'm also not
particularly into the occult, though that can be interesting, like
anything
else.What was not particularly interesting was "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's
Stone."  I found it derivative and unoriginal.  Every Halloween cliche and
image, from magic wands to flying broomsticks to trolls to centaurs, is
dragged out of the closet one more time.  The film is fantasy fulfillment
for the pre-teen and teen set, and as such has a certain value.  As art,
though, it falls short.The acting is the film's greatest weakness.  The child stars clearly were
picked for their looks and not any particular acting finesse.  The child
they picked - to the accompaniment of international hype - to star as
Potter
has all the makings of another Mark Hamill.  He no doubt will become a
legend among Potter groupies and do the inevitable boatload of sequels,
but
shows no particular promise outside this particular role.  His primary
acting talent is to give a big toothy grin whenever his enemies are
tormented or he triumphs at something or other (which happens with
monotonous regularity).  In between triumphs, he generally just looks
blank,
which is a welcome break from his mugging when everyone sees how wonderful
he is.The most striking thing about the other actors is how their talents are
utterly squandered.  Most striking is John Cleese, who floats in as a
ghost
and is given absolutely nothing of interest to say.  Perhaps they are
setting his character up for the sequels.  However, since I'm reviewing
this
film, not them, why he is present at all is a mystery.  Alan Rickman and
Robbie Coltrane are the only actors that make any impact, though John Hurt
is fine in a cameo.  This film badly needed strong contributions from the
likes of Cleese, Richard Harris and the rest, but the script hamstrings
them
and instead dwells on the kids.  It's too bad, because a film about the
adults in this make-believe world would have been an artistic, if not
financial, success.Technically, the film falls flat in a number of areas.  Most annoying is
the
background score, which loudly intrudes at every possible instance.  Harry
walks down a path - and the music wells. The editing is a horror, as
scenes
that could have been riveting, such as the chess match toward the end, are
butchered.  If you are going to base the outcome of the tale on a chess
match, at least show a little bit of the game!  The film's makers clearly
look down on their audience as people either incapable or uninterested in
understanding a chess match.  Instead, they substitute neutered violence
by
the chess pieces when they capture each other.  There was no drama, just
more chances for Harry and his crew to look around blankly yet again and
await the inevitable triumph.  The end of the film, when Potter's school
rivals are emotionally crushed, was unintentionally depressing to this
viewer.  Can't Potter succeed without his lessers being humiliated?  Not
in
this film.The affected upper-class British accents make a number of the characters,
particularly Harry's friend Hermione, appear unsympathetic and ridiculous
at
times.  Expecting a 13-year-old to play a know-it-all and still remain
likeable was way too much of a chore for this particular proto-actress.
The
entire film has a certain voyeuristic flair to it, dwelling on images of
sumptuous banquets and manor halls and the like.  There is great
possibility
for satire here, but the film misses its chances and plays it straight.
I'm
sure a host of comedians are salivating at the prospect won't waste the
opportunity.A bit of inventiveness might have saved the film, but that is sorely
lacking.  There is little original about this "Bedknobs and Broomsticks"
type of tale.  The hyped ball game in the middle of the film makes little
sense, as Harry (of course) saves the day by singlehandedly catching a
butterfly or something after half his team has been wiped out, thus
nullifying the efforts of everyone else involved.  Ultimately, the film is
a
fantasy about exciting times at boarding school, with these "magical"
students going back to their homes at the end, which makes no sense at
all.
Harry saves the world, but what really matters is that he shows that his
crew is superior to his school competitors.  This sort of "For me to win
you
must fail" ending seems in vogue right now, in films like "Legally
Blonde,"
and is far from attractive.Scenes and motifs are ripped off from much better films, such as "Time
Bandits," "Total Recall," "Rollerball" and "The Longest Yard."  I
recommend
any of those films over this one.So was there anything redeeming about the film?  Certainly.  The three
pre-teens I saw the film with loved it, particularly the four-year-old,
who
has seen it three times (so far).  Hard for something to seem unoriginal
when you are that age - which tells you something about the natural
audience
for this film.  Children and undemanding adults will no doubt find the
constant stream of tired occult images and colorful characters riveting,
but
they do not make for high art.This film, running at about three hours, will be a great babysitter when
it
comes out on dvd, the "ET" of its time.  If you have kids, you no doubt
will
wind up owning it, and if possible should wait until then to have them see
it.  Otherwise, try to find someone else to take them to see "Potter"
during
its theater run.  You'll be doing yourself a huge favor.  Five stars out
of
ten for keeping the kids quiet for that long.
			

Okay, I have never read a Harry Potter book in my life, and never intended
to. So when I saw HARRY POTTER at the cinemas I wasnt expecting anything
in
particular and I was totally N-O-T blown away. It was like watching a TV
series with a huge budget and just 5 episodes run one after the
other.The story was totally luckluster and does not deserve so much praise in my
mind. I mean, it was okay. The SFX was okay. The direction was alright.
The
cinematography nothing super special. And the kid actors just plain
sucked.
What is with that over-annunciation (spell?) when they speak? And their
reactions were pretty bad. I mean....Kirsten Dunst - a real actress -
seemed
to be able to do a far better performance than these 3 when she played
Claudia in INTERVIEW WITH A VAMPIRE.Anyway....I think if your a fan...I can only assume you'll wet your pants
with pleasure of seeing your lovely books on the screen. Other
people....I'd
wait until the crowds have either gone or wait until video or even
better...TV.
			

I've never read the Harry Potter series, but many adults have told me they
are worth a look. In fact, it's pretty remarkable how many post-teens are
into this book series. It sort of left me wondering what was it about second
childhoods, and how much clever people make by cashing in on
them.Watching this movie gives you a sense as to the deeper value of the Harry
Potter series, though just a sense. The universe of Harry Potter, at least
what's presented on-screen, is packed with colorful personalities, fantastic
backdrops, and some very clever magical objects. At its center is a
character that brings together the best of Luke Skywalker and Frank
Merriwell, while recalling and reclaiming a slightly antique British
identity in line with Victorian explorers and "Chariots of Fire." I think I
get it now.But this movie tries to do too much with the source material. Judicious
editing would have been a good idea. As it is, the movie spends more than 2
1/2 hours giving lip service, and often not much more, to bits of business
that seem pretty extraneous by the time the credits roll. Even the central
plot elements seem tacked on and inadequately dealt with. What was Alan
Rickman's character's place in the story? Did we really need to spend so
much time with Harry's unpleasant uncle and aunt, given the fact they are
gone and forgotten 20 minutes in? Doesn't any kid at Hogwarts feel the least
bit jealous at all the attention the doting faculty spends on precious
Harry?The story also moves a wee bit too easily. No real challenges face our hero.
Everything that happens to Harry happens with such minimum fuss and so much
applause from the surrounding characters that it gets a bit tired, even if
the actor playing Harry is good at remaining sympathetic and projecting
wonder. By the end, when the solution to a crisis at hand is literally dug
out of Harry's pocket, I sort of shrugged and thought to myself: Of course.
It's Harry Potter.I can't believe all these bookreaders, not to mention those kids running
around with their brooms and glasses on Halloween, fell for such denatured
yarn-spinning. There's something good at the core of the movie, and it's
likely the vision of the author as presented in the novels, but it doesn't
come across well here. The producer seems more interested in giving every
beloved book nugget its own turn on screen than in telling an interesting
story. You may go in in search of your inner child, but you'll end up just
feeling 160 minutes older than when you went in.
			
I love the Harry Potter books because of their brilliant writing,
exciting and funny moments, compelling characters and the way that I'm
hooked as soon as I pick one up. They deserved to be such a phenomenon.
The films? Not so much. This starts off the adaptations in OK style,
and follows Harry Potter's attempts to stop the evil sorcerer who
killed his parents getting a stone which will help him return to power.This, along with the second is directed by Christopher Columbus and the
first 2 often seem to be seen as the weakest. In my opinion these 2
aren't the worst, but they're certainly not that great. For some
reason, Columbus decides to copy the book page for page but leave out
most of its depth, wit and bite. For a Harry Potter fan this may be
satisfying, but since the film is also overly syrupy and kid friendly,
adults may be irritated by it. This adaptation is a mixed bag overall.The adult cast has more talented British actors than you can shake a
stick at and while most of them have relatively small roles, they
certainly leave an impression. John Williams' as usual provides a great
soundtrack which sadly was used less in later films and while I'm not
desperately keen on Chris Columbus' style, he does do a perfectly OK
job at directing the film. To a newcomer and someone who hasn't read
the book the film would likely seem magical and fascinating as it
thankfully includes many details about the HP universe, which is one of
the best fictional universes ever created.There are some genuinely frightening moments and it provides good
escapism. But there are many problems. It's nowhere near as funny or
fascinating as the book, which is odd as it's pretty much as carbon
copy of the book although to be fair it omits the right parts of the
book. It's also overlong and frequently dull, and things such as the
troll, the dragon and the mirror are conveyed poorly to the big screen,
although the finale is still good. The child actors are excruciating to
watch at times, although they would improve in later films.Overall a wooden and unimaginative adaptation which is cinematically
uninteresting and, on my last viewing, a bore to watch. This is the 6th
best, and while I used to like it, now I can see it's routine, though
competently executed and visually decent, adaptation with little
personality. When having to deal with the wooden child actors it's even
more irritating.
			
Not being a reader of the Harry Potter books, I came to the first Harry
Potter movie with a totally open mind. There seems to be those who love
the book but hate the film; those that love both; and even a few who
hate both! Having watched Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone, I must
confess that I'm not entirely sure what all the fuss is about. This
strikes me as solid but unremarkable, totally overlong but fairly
diverting fare.Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is left as a baby at the house of his
relatives, the Dursleys. Later we learn that his parents were magicians
killed by a dark sorcerer, and he has been hidden away for his own
protection until he is older. Eventually the time comes for Harry to
discover his destiny. He is tracked down by the friendly giant Hagrid
(Robbie Coltrane) and sent to Hogwarts, a special school of Witchcraft
and Wizardry for youngsters with magical prowess. Everyone at Hogwarts,
the fellow pupils and the teachers  seems to know about Harry's past,
even though he himself knows barely any of it. Harry befriends two
other first year students  Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione
Granger (Emma Watson)  and begins to learn the art of wizardry from
various eccentric teachers. Things take a darker turn when the three
young magicians begin to suspect that Voldemort, an evil figure from
Harry's past, is trying to regain his once-great power and strength by
obtaining the Philosopher's Stone, a powerful object hidden somewhere
at the school.The film is not particularly well-acted, with the child stars coming
across as if they are carrying out a reading rehearsal, and too many
star names (Julie Walters, John Hurt, John Cleese, Zoe Wanamaker)
hamming it up like mad in cameo roles. At least the main adult roles 
taken by the likes of Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman and Richard Harris 
are played with a degree of experience and finesse. There are some
splendid visuals in parts, though the effects are not so impressive
during the much-hyped Quidditch sequence. The most disappointing thing
for me is the long and laborious build-up, which leads to a somewhat
flat final confrontation (I am reliably informed by those in the know
that this film's climax is intentionally brief and aborted, and links
to developments in the later films). Overall, Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone is a reasonable watch, but I'm hoping for something
more as the series progresses.
			
'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' no doubt divided many fans
of the 'Harry Potter' novels, of whom I am one. The film adaptation of
a much loved book was never going to please everyone and, while it is
an enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours, there is no denying that
it has both good and bad points.For those who have just flown in from Pluto, the hero of PS is young
Harry Potter, a bi-spectacled British boy who has lived with his
brutish relatives since he was orphaned at the age of fifteen months.
However, on his eleventh birthday, Harry's life changes forever when he
discovers his secret legacy...that he is a wizard. He sets off eager to
start his First Year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry,
making friends with fellow First Years, know-all Hermione Granger and
Ron Weasley, the sixth son of an impoverished but kindly Pureblooded
wizarding family. Yet life is not destined to be all fun and games for
as our young hero quickly adapts to this wonderful new world, he learns
the disturbing truth behind his parents' deaths and that sometimes evil
doesn't die easily.The quality of the adult actors was just superb. Alan Rickman as Snape,
Maggie Smith as McGonagall, Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid and Julie Walters
and Mark Williams as Molly and Arthur Weasley were all destined to play
these roles, truly bringing the characters to life in a way I didn't
think would be possible. I was less keen on Richard Harris' Dumbledore,
feeling he was just a shade too cold and stand-offish to play an
paternal man who the neglected Harry came to trust with ease. That
said, the adult cast were definitely the backbone of the film,
especially in light of the rather mediocre child cast.While Daniel Radcliffe may resemble the living embodiment of Harry
Potter, it was evident from his lacklustre performance in PS that he
was chosen purely on looks rather than talent. At the best of times, he
portrayed Harry as a rather bland and uninspiring hero and, at his
lower moments, he was just cringe-worthy (the scene where he discovers
he is a wizard is particularly clunky). Devon Murray, who played
Seamus, and James and Oliver Phelps, cast as the Weasley twins, were
equally as wooden. However, there are a few gems in the group. Tom
Felton was excellent in bringing the maliciously mischievousness of
Draco Malfoy to life and he is, undoubtedly, the best of the bunch.
Emma Watson's Hermione was suitably condescending and obnoxious as the
character was aged eleven (sadly, come GoF, Emma didn't comprehend that
Hermione had largely out-grown the conceitedness was an integral part
of her character in PS). While Tom Felton was the best of the child
cast overall, Rupert Grint, who played Ron, was the best of the trio,
bringing to the character a quiet loyalty to his friend balanced with
the boyish exuberance that was very much apparent to eleven-year-old
Ron.The script might be a tad too childish for those over twelve, with not
enough focus on the more interesting adult characters, but I believe it
suited the mood of the novel given Harry was eleven in PS so viewed the
wizarding world in the very innocent, awestruck manner of a child.
Director Chris Columbus nicely compliments this by capturing a
wondrous, Disney-like feel to Hogwarts in a way that leaves the
audience joining Harry in his delight at exploring the magic of the
wizarding world. The special effects are acceptable with the exception
of the cartoony Quidditch match, which seems to have been lifted
straight from the Nintendo video game and awkwardly pasted to the film,
and the hideously computerised centaur.PS was a fair adaptation, enjoyable in itself although no-where near
the epic of LotR. It does capture the innocence of the characters at a
time when they believed the world was neatly divided into good and evil
and magic could sort any problem, however, older fans will most likely
find the faster, mature pace of the adaptations of the latter novels
more suited to their tastes as, in comparison, PS seems to be directed
mainly at little fans under twelve.
			
I'm not really a big fan of the HP films. I don't think that they
translate well from the books as they are often quite long and need
severe cutting down in order to fit into a 2 hour+ film. This has been
increasingly evident in the later HP sequels, but Philosopher's Stone
seems to be pretty much all intact.I do find Chris Columbus' mostly naturalized approach to shooting the
film to be the most appropriate. In GOF, Mike Newell had the cheap and
uncheerful logic of shooting everything with a heavy green filter to
make it look 'mysterious' and 'magical'. I think it just looks stupid
and that the far-fetched fantasy nature is more identifiable if shot
more ordinarily.What does bug me about this film and always surprises me on repeat
viewings, is how horrible the entire kiddie cast are at acting. Check
out the terrible performance from the guy who plays the blandly named
Oliver Wood! Woof! It's like watching some rubbish Primary School play
with big budget visual effects. It takes me out of the movie every
time.The 150-minute running time seems to pass by in a breeze, something
I've never really felt with the sequels. But something that bugs me is
even right here at the beginning Dumbledore seems to be like 'I'll tell
you about it when you're older, Harry.' Which is a cheap hook to make
us read/watch the later installments. I don't really have that much to say about Philosopher's Stone, which
is why my review is short and spiceless. It's a shame the sequels had
to be so boring. Stick with the books, a couple are overwritten but
they are superior to the films. A clichd thing to say, but still true.
			
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is the first novel in the
Harry Potter series and J. K. Rowling's debut novel, first published in
1997 by Bloomsbury. It was published in the United States as Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone by Scholastic Corporation in 1998. The
plot follows Harry Potter, a young wizard who discovers his magical
heritage as he makes close friends and a few enemies in his first year
at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. With the help of his
friends, Harry faces an attempted comeback by the dark wizard Lord
Voldemort, who killed Harry's parents, but failed to kill Harry when he
was just a year old.The novel won most of the British book awards that were judged by
children and other awards in the US. The book reached the top of the
New York Times list of best-selling fiction in August 1999 and stayed
near the top of that list for much of 1999 and 2000. It has been
translated into at least sixty-seven other languages and has been made
into a feature-length film of the same name, as have all six of its
sequels.When I watched the film, I was excited because Harry Potter, his
friends and his teachers use various magic. I had longing for the
magic. However the film is so long, so I am tired.
			
I recently re-watched this and i have to say it does strike me as one
of the weaker Harry Potter films. Somewhat due to the period of time
released and somewhat due to some of the story lines in this movie were
a bit iffy in my opinion. I felt some of the stuff in here was slightly
overacted from both Potter, Ron, Hermione, that doesn't compare to any
of the other films. The start of the film was slightly weak for me, I
got slightly bored in the first 40 minutes, it was elongated in parts.
The general story when he got to the school was good for me, I have to
say. The idea with the Forrest and early connection was a good one and
I did really like the build to the end with the Chess game which was
done so very well by all actors and effects made, best part in the
movie. The ending as well was done very well which actually somewhat
save the movie one could say. Overall a pretty decent movie saved by
the last hour which was awesome. I would probably rate this about 6 to
be honest.
			
Though I enjoy the novels, the Harry Potter film adaptations have
always been hit and miss affairs for me. Outside of about two of them,
most of the entries in the movie franchise are either charmless and
bland or stylish but incomprehensible to people who have not read the
books. Sorcerer's Stone is in the former category.Chris Columbus' "whimsical" direction is lifeless. The overly lit
visuals are boring and the whole thing just feels like an exposition
dump. The child actors give stiff performances (not coming into their
own until about the third installment). The adults are a touch better
but cannot do much with the awkward book to screen treatment. The only
excellent aspect of the film is John Williams' score, which evokes the
wonder, mystery, and warmth of the original book more than the actual
movie does.
			
An 11-year-old orphan finds out he is a wizard, and subsequently
attends wizarding school, where he learns intriguing facts about his
past.Too many scenes fall flat. From the moment Dumbledore casually walks
on-screen, the magical elements are treated in a matter-of-fact manner;
director Chris Columbus fails to imbue them with a sense of wonder.
There are fake-looking special effects (the backgrounds during the
flying scenes), as well as some good ones (the moving staircases). But
the worst offender is the generic, intrusively over-active score.Despite all the flaws, the story carries you along. Columbus tends to
encourage overacting, but several of the actors here (especially Maggie
Smith) apparently didn't oblige. Alan Rickman is probably the best-cast
actor in the movie.
			
From what I can remember this movie has a lot of the parts in the book
in the actual movie. The thing is the way the movie is executed seemed
lame and poorly executed. Some scenes were done pretty well but overall
it was a boring experience to sit through this whole movie. It isn't a
terrible book to movie adaptation, but it just wasn't that good. A lot
of movies isn't as good as the novels it is based on or adapted into
and this movie is mediocre at best. And if I review this movie without
reading the book, I would probably give it a lower score. Since it's
this franchise that kept me interested although I am not a fan of Harry
Potter novels. On a positive note I liked how almost every character
looked the way I imagined them to look. The acting in this movie
however is atrocious, it was like watching a live version of of a
Saturday morning cartoon show. Except few of them that was alright or
could actually somewhat act. Overall it's a mediocre movie that I
probably wouldn't watch again unless I want to know what is going on
when the sequels come out, but I doubt it since the franchise is now
finished.6.6/10
			
I've read all the Harry Potter books and of course I had high
expectations with the movie. I'm not disappointed. To be candid, the movie is no competition for the magical book but it
follows the book closely enough. I'm just surprised that even though
everything is adapted accurately, the film manages to be colossally
dull while the novel was highly interesting. Upon musing about this, I
realized that it's primely the cause of the outdated visual effects.
Other than that, the magical world is depicted as if the setting is
that of the late nineteenth or early twentieth century. A little modern
look could've helped a lot.The acting - like the movie - is strictly average. The kids seem a
little too childish and the background score sometimes feel over the
top; I loved Hedwig's theme though. The direction is to be blamed for
the lack or rather incompetence of the correct emphasis on certain
scenes. Some irrelevant scenes feel the same as the climax, there is
nothing to differentiate. Harry's Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and his
bully cousin are presented more as cartoon characters which makes the
watcher refrain from taking the movie seriously. Therefore, it's
supposedly viewed as a children's movie with little or no entertainment
and a dull setting. The only thing worth watching is the unfolding of the manner in which
the magical world works, since this is the first installment. I hope the sequels are going to improve and provide justice to J.K.
Rowling's phenomenal series.
			
The first part of the movie is very good with an excellent re-creation
of the atmosphere imagined by J. K Rowling in the book on which it was
inspired. All visual special effects are very imaginative and of very
good quality. The characters are well designed and very convincing. The
human nature (bad or good) of these wizards is extremely well shaped
and their performances extremely charming. Well this is true for the
first part of the movie which shows, so to speak, the presentation of
Hogwarth, the wizard school and its masters and students with a special
prominence of the main character of Harry Potter (a well chosen
charming child actor) and his two companions Hermione and Ron. However
the second part in which the main plot of the searching for the
sorcerer's stone develops itself, is much less brilliant in terms of
imagination and special effects, becoming sometimes a bit dull and
commonplace.
			
It did not take long for a book about a young wizard to turn into 7
books at 5 movies so far. And while I am not a fan of this by far, its
an OK film to watch.This movie introduces the world to Daniel Radcliffe and J.K. Rowling.
Radcliffe, the protagonist of this film, is a young boy who is invited
to join the wizard school Hogwarts. Though he never heard about it
before, he eventually gets to join despite his family not wanting him
to know about it.It seems to be an adventure about finding out who his dead parents are
and why they are dead. To a lesser extent, its about the stone hidden
at the school. But that seems to be only a side adventure.The movie moves kind of slow at several times, but the acting isn't
bad. But bearing in mind the set and the limitations of the book, it
did a good enough job. Though it seems that Harry always had an
exception made for him.Overall, its OK. Not great. "C+"
			
OK, for starters, this movie was fun and entertaining, but mostly due
to the special effects and the acting efforts of the veterans (and
because of the director, Chris Columbus: "Home Alone", anyone?). The
story wasn't so trimmed, so I'm grateful to that (maybe because the
book wasn't as long as the later ones, mind you), but the one thing
that annoyed me most was the acting of the children, especially Rupert
Grint and Emma Watson.Of course, they were just beginners, and Daniel Radcliffe's performance
wasn't bad at all, since he already had some experience in "David
Copperfield". Grint and Watson over did it, I think: Grint was too
nervous, and Watson was too snobbish (Hermione wasn't that snobbish in
the book), although her looks always remind me of a friend of mine in
university. But all in all, and I have to be serious, I'd say that both
the performances of (especially) Grint and Watson were worthy of Razzie
nominations (of course, if black children had done better jobs in a
different film, they'd have WON the Razzies, since we live in that kind
of world), but the only reason they weren't nominated was the fact that
it was a Harry Potter movie.Good story, great special effects, mediocre acting from the children,
but great acting from the adults (Alan Rickman's Oscar is ridiculously
overdue now). 6 out of 10 stars.
			
I am probably one in a minority when I say that I do not like Harry
Potter. I thought it was overlong and a tad bit boring, it was however
funny in places. I also liked the quote at the end where Harry says "I
am not going home not really". Harry Potter was released alongside Lord
of the Ring, I saw both I preferred LOTR. I don't however hate all of
the Harry Potter films, I thought the Prisoner of Azkaban was good and
so was the Goblet of fire.This is a movie aimed at kids. They will be blown away by the magic and
the action. I think I would have had a different view if I saw it when
I was a child. Like for instance Star Wars is heavily criticized these
days but I saw it as a child and I was blown away, for me it is a bit
of nostalgia. Harry Potter provided no magic for me.
			
If you don't know your Potter (like me), than you might have a problem
with the titles. With other series, it's easier to distinguish, which
one is part 1, 2, 3 etc. etc. Even the Naked Gun series which has Parts
2 and half and 33 and a third, you still know the order (not of the
Phoenix obviously!) ;o) But enough about my (let's call it) ignorance, for the books (haven't
read them guilty as charged) and off to the movie itself. Which is
obviously targeted at a young audience. And it delivers on this
premise. Plus it has to introduce characters to the world (for those
who know them and those who don't). A good job overall, but nothing
great in my eyes ...
			
The first film in the epic "Harry Potter" series, directed by
kiddie-movie specialist Chris Columbus, feels a bit slight compared to
some of the stories that followed it, but there are many delights here
for both Potter fans and fantasy movie fans in general. The fun of the
movie always feels a bit contrived and forced, which I think is mostly
the fault of the director. But on the other hand a wonderful cast was
brought together for this film, a cast which formed the core of the
solid ensemble that carried through the rest of the film series (so
far). By that I mean not so much the 3 primary child actors, who in
this film showed no particular flair or talent (though they look and
feel right good casting as opposed to good performing, for the most
part) but moreso the supporting cast of mostly British actors.Me, I gotta confess  I love my villains. Give me Vincent Price anyday
over Errol Flynn and I'll take Boris Karloff for Clark Gable. So I have
to give it up first and foremost to Harry Potter's main man, Severus
Snape  a brilliant performance by Alan Rickman that holds the movie
together just as much if not more than Richard Harris' dignified take
on Albus Dumbledore (which I find superior to the actor in the later
films). Snape's character has a lot to do with the success of the film,
because he must be oily and underhanded but at the same time complex
enough to make the resolution believable. It's a really fun cast all
around, with fantasy stalwarts like Warwick Davis peppering a cast of
the U.K.'s finest character actors. Maggie Smith's work as Professor
McGononagall is particularly spot-on, and the legendary Robbie Coltrane
provides humor and personality as the perfect film version of Hagrid.I think the action scenes feel a bit generic perhaps it's part of the
downfall of the visual medium as opposed to the literary one, but the
magic and so forth just doesn't have the humor and quirkiness of the
book. My only other real problem with the film is the soundtrack, which
is also very generic. John Williams seems to have been in a certain
default mode for the last 20 years and this film was no exception. I'm
glad they replaced the score in some of the later films with something
more interesting and unique to befit the stories. With Williams' score
lurching underneath all the action a lot of this film feels more
ordinary than it should.But the story is relatively faithful to the book, which is nice, and
this is probably the easiest of all the books to adapt into a film.
It's impossible not to feel charmed by the spirit of fantasy as we
watch all the "first-years" clamber onboard the Hogwarts Express to
trade tales of Wizarding and Bertie Botts Every-flavor Beans. Unlike
some of the later films (particularly "Goblet of Fire") the movie
doesn't just feel like an accessory to the books  although it has a
very long running time this film stands alone more than the later
stories.A pretty good introduction to the Potter universe, when all is said and
done, but not an exceptional fantasy film on its own merits.
			
Having just reviewed Order of The Phoenix I thought I'd better add a
few comments about the previous movies. Each time I see a new Harry
Potter film I'm tempted to say "Gosh, how they've grown"! It seems a
long time ago now that the first in the series appeared.And a recent viewing confirms what I've always thought about this film;
the casting couldn't have been better. The young leads, Radcliffe,
Grint and Watson are fine, and a wonderful ensemble of actors lend
enjoyable support. Could you imagine anyone other than Robbie Coltrane
playing Hagrid? Alan Rickman is also perfectly cast as Professor Snape.
And I haven't even mentioned Richard Harris and Maggie Smith yet! It's
a huge shame Harris is no longer with us to appear in the series;
Michael Gambon gives a different interpretation to Dumbledore, and
frankly I don't think he's nailed the role as well as Harris. I've yet
to see Maggie Smith give a bad performance. This film is no exception.I'm not going to discuss the plot - it's too well known to need
comment, but there are some narrative problems with the film. It's a
little unfocused for much of it's length, but this can be forgiven as
it has to set the scene and balance the story for the audience members
unfamiliar with the book. The effects are nicely done and John
Williams' main theme grows on you. I didn't care much for his score
when the film came out but will cheerfully admit to being in error. It
isn't his best work but is still of a very high standard indeed. The
effects are also fine - I particularly liked Firenze. Yeah, it's all
CGI but it suits the tone of the material.One has to say the film is a little bland; the studio obviously did not
want to take too many risks with the book's legion of fans, but it does
it job - to entertain and set things up for the following films. Chris
Columbus directs adequately but without adding any real flavour to
things.All things considered: a respectable and solid start to the series.
			
Seeing as how we have reached the end of this franchise after 10 very
enjoyable years, I think it's time to reflect on how well the series
will stand the test of time. Upon hearing that they where making a
movie adaptation of "Harry Potter", I was not really affected. I was 9
years old and unfamiliar with the story. My father had read the books
to me here and there, and only after I saw the 4th movie did I really
get into this franchise and decided to pick up the books myself.Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), a young wizard who discovers his
magical heritage, is set to begin his first year at the Hogwarts School
of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he makes close friends and a few
enemies, Harry stumbles on a conspiracy and faces an attempted comeback
by the dark wizard Lord Voldemort, who killed Harry's parents when he
was just one year old.This film is literally a perfect adaptation of the first book, that
kind of works and kind of doesn't. With no disrespect to J.K Rowling,
who is a fantastic writer, but the adaptation and direction by Chris
Columbus is boring. So visually unexciting, you'd be surprised to hear
that Terry Gilliam ("Time Bandits", 1981, "Brazil", 1985,) was asked to
direct. Seeing Terry's warped, surrealist imagery from his movies
really would have been interesting to see how he would have depicted
it, however he decided to pass due to studio control. Aside from that,
this film is family entertainment at best. I remember watching it as a
kid and loving it even more so than "Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of
the Ring" (2001). Now I'm much older, I can clearly say that LOTR was
definitely better in so many ways. When I see this movie on TV nowadays
it hasn't particularly aged well. It's fun in some areas and whimsical,
but it's just not really that interesting.Casting (Mostly for the adults) is great, I'm proud to be British and
there's a gigantic amount of stellar choices involved. Alan Rickman as
Professor Snape could not have been a better decision, John Cleese,
Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, John Hurt and Richard Harris's short
lived time as Albus Dumbledore all make for a fun time to be had. With
that said, what wonderful talent that has been found in Daniel
Radcliffe, Rupert Grint & Emma Watson. Though I didn't really enjoy
them in the first half of the movie, once they fully interact with each
other as friends did the film series officially begin.Final Verdict: For the first story in what would be 7 wonderful reads
and 8 enjoyable movies it does well as a first outing, but everything
in the later movies is just better polished and rendered. 6/10.
			
I remember growing up and I loved the Harry Potter books I have read
them all. This was a pretty good movie it was pretty close to the book
but even with a two and half hour runtime it still leaves out many
things and thats why the book is much better. The acting in these older
ones is pretty bad too seeing how they were just child no name actors
back then.This movie is about a young boy named harry potter. He lives with his
abusive aunt and uncle and one day gets a letter from a place called
Hogwarts. The note explains he is actually a wizard and he is invited
to go to Hogwarts school for witchcraft and wizards.This movie was pretty good but it was probably one of the worst of the
bunch. The acting and special effects were pretty poor and they left
too much stuff out of the book stick to the books people
			
The movie is a good fantasy. But watch out so your kids don't copy them
or idolize wizardry otherwise the New Age religion might bring their
love away from Christianity. Deuteronomy Chapter 18:9-14 9 When thou
art come into the land which the Lord thy God shall give thee, beware
lest thou have a mind to imitate the abominations of those nations. 10
Neither let there be found among you any one that shall expiate his son
or daughter, making them to pass through the fire: or that consults
soothsayers, or observes dreams and omens, neither let there be any
wizard,11 Nor charmer, nor any one that consults spirits, or fortune tellers,
or that seeks oracles from the dead. 12 For the Lord abhors all these
things, and for these abominations he will destroy them at thy coming.
13 Thou shalt be perfect, and without spot before the Lord thy God. 14
These nations, whose land thou shalt possess, hearken to soothsayers
and diviners: but thou art otherwise instructed by the Lord thy God.
(D-R public domain bible)Don't let kids idolize sin. I wouldn't let them play witch and wizard
after the move. It's not good.
			

Like most Harry Potter fans, I had read all four books before tackling the
films. I had tackled the books by February last year and watched the films
by August! My least favourite book is this one and the film didnt do it much
justice, acting wise. The talents of Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman and
Richard Harris delight the screen but the childrens' acting was a wee bit
flat. Of course they can be let off because for some, it was their first
ever on the acting floor. The only three kids I like in this one were the Weasley twins and Oliver
Wood- they were a pure delight to see. Better comments on my review for the second one! 
			

This movie was my first introduction to Harry Potter. Seeing it in the
theater with a few of my cousins, I didn't know what to expect. What I
got was a fairly enjoyable, though overlong, movie that kept me
interested until the end. I was pleasantly surprised by the surprise
ending; I remember going through the film thinking about the one
dimensional plot, and I actually didn't see the ending coming.Daniel Radcliffe does a good job as Harry, but the scene stealer's are
Ron and Hermione. Still, I would not consider it a great film. The
special effects are impressive (especially the quiddich match), and the
adult actors do a good job (especially Alan Rickman as Professor
Snape), but in some ways it feels like a commercial, advertising for
Harry Potter video games, toys, and the books.Good for a rental, but I wouldn't buy it.

			

Lacking any real magic, Harry Potter was a lifeless film, composed of a
plotless story and forgettable performances. While watching the
Neverending
Story last night, a true children's classic, it really hit me how
wonderful
a movie Harry Potter could have been if only they'd been willing to
deviate
from the book for a second.I give this long, convoluted mess 1 out of 10.
			
Chris Columbus has mostly directed movies for the whole family. His
imprint is clear. The first Harry Potter movie is clearly a very
childlike fantasy. It's mostly aimed for children, and no one's trying
to hide it. Sure, people of all ages can watch it, and the book isn't
just meant for kids, but the movie is just so clearly meant for
children, which can make it slightly annoying. But it's fascinating to
see how that changes when the series goes on. The movies change a lot
considering their target audience was growing up the whole time, and
they eventually look like a dark young adult fantasy instead of this
colourful fantasy for children..This first movie adaptation annoys me so much. They've followed the
book closely, some lines are straight from the book. Yet so much is
missing. So many important details are gone. Of course not everything
can make it to the film but still it bothers many viewers who have read
the books. Also even if the movie is long it seems to happen so fast. It's an entertaining movie but after so any years they lose some of
their magic. It's sad, of course, but it's mostly the fault of the
audience (in this case, me) and not the movies.
			
This movie is decent for those interested in this stuff.I have seen it several times and each time I am enchanted by the
characters and magic.The cast is outstanding, the special effects delightful, everything
most believable.You have young Harry, a mistreated youth who is "Just Harry" to
himself. And then, he embarks on a most beautiful adventure to the
Hogwarts school.He meets Ron and Hermione, one an adorable mischief maker, the other a
very tense and studious young lady.Together, the trio try to set things right in the school.It's the ultimate fantasy for young and old.
			

Spoilers ahead!While the Harry Potter movies in general are worth watching once for a
familiarity with the storyline and the rather beautiful shots of each one,
they are worth no more than that, unless you're less than 13 years of age.
While J.K. Rowling's world, even more enchanting in film than in book, it
quite unique its blatant black-and-white-ness is ridiculous at best and
angering at worst.This is a world where students are sorted from day one as to whether they
will be evil or good and God forbid they break from those roles.To say nothing of the fact that Harry's ability to absorb all the
attention
and action in every scene makes one wonder if anyone else in this world
could even exist without him.The only major redeeming factors in this movie are the excellent portrayls
of Albus Dumbledore and Severus Snape. Dumbledore can be excused from his
pure whiteness for the mere fact that he is both mysterious and rather
insane. Severus Snape, on the other hand, is the only character given any
hope of proving evil as well as good.The Magic of this story is purely in the wonderful sets and special
effects
the movie makers used. Anyone looking for depth of character or unexpected
revelations will be sorely disappointed
			

The first outing of the Harry Potter franchise. I've not read any of the
Harry Potter books and whilst this is undoubtedly targeted at the childrens
market there's still plenty of entertainment on offer.The first film introduces us to the cast. Harry Potter has survived
Voldemort's attempt to kill him as a child and is quite a celebrity. He
befriends Ron and Hermione as he goes to Hogwarts for the first term. A nice
opening film and a good introduction to the franchise.
			

Having not read the Harry Potter series of books, I'm possibly not the best
and most-enlightened person to comment on the film adaptation, but at the
same time, I won't be emotionally clouded to adore everything Harry Potter
no matter what it's really like, so can provide an objective
viewpoint.So, the film is fun. It has its high points and those high points are very
enjoyable, but the low points almost completely make up for them. The fact I
would assume is that the fun comes from the imagination of J K Rowling in
her books rather than the film-makers, and unlike such great children's book
adaptations as Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory or even Mary Poppins, the
film doesn't seem to add anything enjoyable to the story. It's just fun to
see the book come to life on the screen.Personally I'm not much of a fan of the three main actors. Daniel Radcliffe
overacts all his pleasant emotions and underacts all his negative emotions
while Emma Watson really needs to cut out the exaggerated head movements.
Rupert Grint is a shade better, he has a certain credibility in his
performance and should really get more credit. He's a touch above your
average child actor.The biggest fun for me is all the great actor cameos from the likes of John
Cleese, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane, John Hurt and, of course, Richard
Harris as Dumbledore. They are definitely the highlight of an otherwise
hammy cast.Overall the plot is fairly well-driven and the special effects are nicely
handled. John Williams' musical score complements the action well and the
script, while presumably taken almost straight from the book, is good, but
not great. For non-lovers of the books, it's fun, but nothing more. *** /
*****
			

I read the 3 Harry Potter books(maybe 4th, don't remember which came
first). After reading the first one, i thought, not bad, the 2nd one
sucked,
the 3rd was ok. When the movie came, i wasn't hyped about it like everyone
was. After much persuasion I watched the movie before it closed in my
country. The movie was under average, but not BAD, so i felt that I had
kind
of wasted 2 hrs or so there. There were many boring scenes, the ending was
ok(was it? I forgot. LOL. Fine, not funny.). Daniel Radcliffe was not as
good as I thought he would be, and Emma Watson(was it Emily?) sucked. The
person playing Ron Weasley sucked too. Overall, it was an average movie to
me, i don't understand how it grossed $968m, LOTR was so much better, the
movie had a spectacular Quidditch fight, but after a while it got boring.
I
kinda felt like i wasted $8.
			

How can you not root for Harry Potter?  In one scene, we establish him as
the 2nd saddest child in cinematic history (the saddest being Charlie from
Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory): seeing a kid drawing his own
birthday cake in dirt.  My God, I was practically traumatized watching this.
 The first 30 minutes of child abuse was crushing my poor heart, and then
the cake scene.  I honestly wouldn't have objected to Harry becoming a
hatchet murderer at that point--you couldn't have made me side against him. 
So, to witness him go on and discover his roots in magic, and actually find
happiness in that world?  I was all for it....but I still wanted to beat the
tar out of the Dursleys.
			

This was a fair attempt but more had gone into the effects than character &
humour. The best actors were Tom Felton as Draco Malfoy & Robbie Coltrane as
Hagrid. They were spot on. Unfortunately my favourite character, Hermione,
was not as sympathetic as in the book. Instead I prefered Draco but he
didn't get as much screen time as he deserved. The ghosts were under used
too & Peeves was absent entirely. Since he and the Weasley twins provide
most of the humour there wasn't much to be found. I liked the moving figures
in the paintings and the floating candles but again these moments were only
fleeting. I didn't like the Quidditch Match but then it wasn't that
interesting in the book either. I was relieved the Dursleys were cut short
as they are just annoying and hateful. The snake could have been left out
though. I'm not too fond of the species so had to close my eyes for a few
minutes. There is more fun to be had reading the book.
6/10
			

I had no expectations for this film, having never read any of the books,
and
I saw it nearly a year after it came out at the cinema, when a friend
bought
a DVD copy for her kids.I love fantasy and sci-fi movies and TV and usually have no trouble in
getting into this type of movie.  I loved The Fellowship of the Ring and
Spider-Man.  I was therefore surprised to be rather disappointed with the
first Harry Potter movie, it was rather cold and uninvolving for me.The film seemed rather long, and towards the end I lost the thread and my
interest in the film, by the end I was not really bothered whether or not
I
even saw it through to the finish.The acting was average, despite the obvious talent the film-makers had
gathered together.  The special effects were obviously well done, but in
the
end, I just didn't care.
			

For a book adaptation, "Harry Potter and the Socerer's/Philosopher's  stone"
is a fairly good effort. It remains as faithful to the book as possible, and
leaves out very little in term of story. Unfortunately, it DOES leave out
most of the humour of the book (which was to be expected, you simply can't
put all those funny descriptions in the movie), but it sadly doesn't replace
them with much else.I agree with many people that the main problem with this movie is the
direction. We all know and love the story, the acting is generally good, the
special effects are adequate (some shots are really fake!) etc , but it all
feels so very dry, the director didn't really add his own touch to the
movie, like really good directors like Tim Burton or Steven Spielberg would
do. Most of the famous actors are severely underused, too.Most of this of course doesn't really matter as kids will still love this
movie, but as it is, "Harry Potter" is more like a "painting by numbers"-
exercise, while in the right hands it could have been a Picasso.

			

Based on R2 DVD 146 min.While there is nothing wrong with Harry Potter I and while it will no doubt
delight many preteens it is all wrapper and no present. I read the first
chapter of the book upon which the movie is based to my nephew a few months
back and based on that alone expected greater things from the
movie.Wonderful special effects, good child actors but hollow compared to Lord of
the Rings, Princess Bride or even Dungeons and Dragons.6/10 worth watching, the younger the better.
			

I have to admit, I hated this movie upon first viewing, but then again
what
could live up to the anticipation I had to see it, my mind had already
pictured how the characters looked and acted.  To make things worse, I
waited for the DVD so the anticipation was really major.  Now that I watch
it again, knowing what I know, I like it.  I try to forget about the book
and let the movie play.  I do feel however that sometimes the background
music felt wrong and loud.  Sometimes it just didn't fit, and I usually
love
John Williams Soundtracks. 
			

After all the expectations how great the movie would be and how much money
it would produce (as if this is the most important thing about a movie) I
was very disappointed. The plot has holes and the story line switches for
no
reason here and there. The characters are not convincing and the relations
are almost non-existing. And it's boring quite a good deal of the
time.
But there are virtues too - very beautiful pictures, nice visual effects
and
interesting and original events. And I guess for kids it's fun from time to
time. The acting is also good and the young people are really
nice.
But anyway this movie was far from being what it was supposed to be - one
of
the greatest fairy tales ever filmed. Far from classic kids' fairy tales
such as Neverending Story or Star Wars (episodes 4-6).
So Can Watch It, But Not Very Good - 6/10. 
			

I was VERY DIS-Enchanted by this movie. Wooden acting, special effects that
are shoddy, or at best, "ok". Return of the Jedi is HIGH ART compared to
this snore-fest. Parents, do your children a favor, and introduce them to
The Wizard of Oz before THIS mess, and watch how their good taste in film
will come alive with Oz, and how they will FALL ASLEEP with this clunker. I
really like Bicentennial Man (directed by Chris Columbus as well) but I felt
NOTHING magical with Harry Potter....it cannot be cause I am an adult.....I
still admire Wizard of Oz...I even think Hocus Pocus is cute.....but this
movie? NO WAY. 6/10 (and I'm being generous due to the some of the
production values)
			

I was underwhelmed.  While the actors were all excellent, I expected better
special effects.  I also don't think it was the best adaptation of the
book.
It jumped around too much, left many things poorly explained, and just
seemed to lack coherence in general.  We got the feeling we were watching a
movie made 15 years ago.  I don't know if it's because of the screenplay or
the fact that the movie was probably nearly worn out.Would I recommend it?  Sure...but don't pay full theater price for it.
There's nothing here that needs to be seen on a big screen.

			

chris columbus has done an excellent job of creating a photo album to go
with the book, but sadly has failed to use any imagination in making
something more and adapting it for the movie screen. the movie is sadly
empty and offers absolutely nothing new if you have already read the book.
for those who havent read the book, i suppose this is as close as they can
get to experiencing the magic of the book.technically the movie is quite brilliant and the actors seem to fit the
roles given to them by ms.rowling. i suppose chris columbus' contribution
lies merely in extracting half way decent performances from the child
artists.the movie follows the exact sequence of the book and offers absolutely
nothing new. however, this could be a good thing for those who havent read
the book. in all, i think if you havent read the book, you will enjoy the
movie, but if you have, you would probably end up bored like i was. nothing
new here.a stale 6!!
			

Let me start by saying that I am among the few who have not read any of
the
Harry Potter books...and I am also one of the few who did not flock to the
theatre as soon as Harry Potter was released. I did finally go to see it
today, only because I had a request to make a Harry Potter costume for
somebody for Halloween...so I had to check it out. I was also curious to
see
the "famous" Harry Potter...and check out the film that is up against
Fellowship of the Ring for an Oscar in Art Direction, Music Score and
Costume Design. Sounds as if I might be a bit biased against Harry Potter
already doesn't it? I'll admit I was. But don't jump to conclusions
yet....After seeing the film I can say that on some levels I enjoyed it. It was a
wonderful, albeit too long, children's film. I liked most of the
characters,
but especially Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid. I think Daniel Radcliffe did a
fine job as Harry and enjoyed Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley. I told my
husband
after the movie that I would have enjoyed it immensely had I been 10 years
old. I found the first half (at least) of the movie to be incredibly slow,
as if it were setting up the plot to come. The plot was slow too...too
much
concentration on the details of Hogwarts instead of developing the story
IMO. FX weren't all that great if you ask me (particularly the end with
Lord
Voldemart-spelling?-I found it rather cheesy, not to mention the troll.
Speaking of the troll, I recall someone telling me that the troll in the
Fellowship fo the Rings was probably copied from HP&SS...ehem...well,
while
I found the troll in FOTR rather lacking, it was much better than the one
in
HP. He reminded me of Shrek!The music was one of the high points in my opinion...it was the most
magical
touch to the movie. It fit perfectly most of the time and wasn't too
overpowering for the most part.The costume design was OK, but it was well rather costumey. It didn't feel
real, yet I'm not sure it was suppose to. I think this film is intended to
be pure fantasy...childlike fantasy. HP was good light entertainment,
enought to take you away for an afternoon, granted you have comfortable
theatre seats...it seemed to drag on.As far as my seeing it to assess the competition Fellowship of the Ring
has
for an Oscar...I would think the FOTR has nothing to worry about from HP.
A
good little film but I don't think it can compare to the big league
fantasy
film of 2001.
			

I don't consider myself a huge Harry Potter fan - still, I've read all the
books and enjoyed them a great lot.
I was quite anxious to see how well was the atmosphere of the books
translated to the big screen.
I'm sorry to join the displeased side, but the movie IS disappointing - to
say the least.Its main asset seems to be the way all the familiar locations are portrayed
- Diagon Alley, Gringotta Bank,
platform 9 and 3/4, finally the majestic Hogwarts itself are all visually
stunning and wonderfully brought
to life. I have no complaints about actors' performances either - with Emma
Watson as Hermione, Robbie
Coltrane as Hagrid and Alan Rickman as Snape doing particularly well.Alas, for the rest of the movie... Following the original story it is -
logical it is not. There are far too many
bits missing to make it sensible. Where's the constant competition of the
houses? How come Snape
doesn't take points from Gryffindor on every occasion? Why is Malfoy nearly
absent throughout?
What's the point of having Crabbe and Goyle or the centaur appear on the
screen if they have absolutely
nothing to do there? I couldn't even see any mention of Professor
McGonagall
being the head of the
Gryffindor House! And most of all - where has the Snape's potion riddle
gone? It makes the entire ending
feel incomplete and unsatisfying.While I realize it's plain impossible to transcript ALL the details from
the
book, many humorous ones
COULD have been included if it hadn't been for the irritating exploding
wands gags, Neville's broomstick
exploits or some overdrawn conversations. Even the great scene in
Olivander's wand shop was rewritten
and ruined for a bunch of cheap chuckles.And to all those saying the effects were great - where have you guys been
for the last couple of years?
I mean, c'mon! The quidditch match is way too fast and chaotic - makes me
wonder what are they going
to do when it's time to shoot the World Cup match in "Goblet of Fire",
which
is supposed to be played
MUCH FASTER than anything Harry had ever seen! At the same time the effects
are lousy, including
the most obvious blue screens I've seen in months and flying broomsticks
that make "Back To The Future
Part II" look top notch in comparison - and that's a 1989 title, mind you.
The troll was laughable and
shrekish to the point of incredulousness. The stiff dummy pretending to be
Neville falling off the
broomstick was embarrassing. And since "Forrest Gump" there's hardly
anything impressive about
a feather hovering in mid-air.The camerawork is merely average. Having seen how splendid the castle of
Hogwarts looks from
outside I expected the same kind of grandeur inside. Sadly, apart from the
few scenes in the Great Hall,
they never manage to convey the sheer size of the place. And excuse me, was
that supposed to be
the dreary dank dungeon where the potions classes took place? Give me a
break.All in all - an big effort, but with half its potential lost somewhere on
the way.
Could have been so much more. This - 6/10, tops.

			

unlike my wife who had read all the books, I just couldn't be bothered,
being easily offput in my old(ish) age (well, 32) with overly praised kids
films, even if I am a big kid at heart.It made me smile, chuckle and occasionally even a laugh all the way
through
it all; it's a very carefully made film with great attention to details.
According to her indoors, the book is very closely followed, which for her
was a great disappointment as she couldn't enjoy any of the anticipatory
emotions which one would get coming to it fresh, and she really liked the
books.I say what do you expect, it's a good kids film that parents will be able
to
bear, but it isn't a million miles removed from the better movies which
are
made by the BBC/HBO etc for Christmas etc.It is quite a long movie, there are some reasonable performances in it
too,
but as with Phantom Menace, just enjoy it for what it is; a 2.5ish hour
period of quiet kids...:)
			

I was one of the adults (without nagging children) who have been looking
forward to this film - I thoroughly enjoyed the books and looked forward
to
their portrayal on screen.I really wanted to like this film a lot. I really, really did -and it was OK - but no more - rather to my sorrow. Don't get me wrong - I
enjoyed the film, and would recommend others to go and see it, but -
possibly because of all the hype - I was disappointed.I found it much less engaging that the books. There were lovely elements -
particularly the backgrounds - pictures etc, but for me, there was none of
the soul that the books have - and it was largely missing the sly humour.
The books have an edge that the film was lacking, I found some of the
actors
were "distant" - reading the roles rather than acting them. The film also
felt choppy - with no real sense of development, it seemed to just jump
from
one incident to the next.I was also disappointed by the marginalisation of many of the characters
who
are important in the book - particularly the rest of the Weasleys and
Malfoy. I know that there are time constraints in a film, but there could
have been more characterisation and less eye-candy, especially in an
adaptation of such a superbly characterised book.Summary - not a bad evenings viewing, but I, for one, would rather re-read
the books. 5/10
			

Harry Potter is a decently done adaption of the Harry Potter books, and it
makes a great movie for the kids. But the movie itself is simply not
anything more than this. Chris Columbus, who also did Home Alone is a very
plain director. His direction in Harry Potter is not surprising different,
just very...underwhelmingly normal. I personally need something more in a
movie before it really impresses me, and before it deserves such tremedous
glorification as Harry Potter seems to be recieving. If this movie wins an
Oscar I will really go insane.If you have kids who like Harry Potter, I recommend this
movie.
Otherwise, don't waste your money.
			

Clearly there is a dearth of literature in this country.  I sat down to
read
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone expecting a prime example of
children's literature - what I got was a good story residing in a mediocre
book.  It was something akin to the novellas of Robin Cook.  J.K. Rowling
seems to have been given the tremendous gift of imagination.  She creates
a
whole world outside our own to show us how Harry Potter learns to be a
wizard, unfortunately, she lacks the grasp of the language required to
turn
her imaginings into a great work of children's literature.  She is not to
be
blamed for it as it is a very rare gift, shared by greats such as Roald
Dahl
and in a different way, Dr. Seuss.It is my honest opinion the movie was substantially better than the book.
In most cases, the written word provides enough details to give the reader
a
clear image of what the author intended, leaving just enough to the
imagination to allow the reader to create as scary, loving, ugly, or
intense
image as s/he chooses, this book did not.  In the case of Harry Potter,
Rowling provides too much detail in some places and not enough in others.
Had this been written for a creative writing class, the instructor would
no
doubt have used up copious amounts of ink requesting that Rowling "show,
not
tell."  The imagination of the movie maker must work differently.  Those
who
create works for film are charged with dazzling the audience with their
imaginations.  Columbus succeeds in taking all the details from the book
and
making them larger than what had been put down in words by the author.
Hagrid, the Quidditch match, the portraits on the walls all are crafted by
Columbus with a view that seems to reach into the depths of J.K. Rowlings
mind and extract all of the glory of what she was imagining, but failed to
put down on paper.The cast was remarkable as Alan Rickman and Richard Harris were both
perfect
for the roles in which they were cast and their performances were
marvelous,
as always.  The other adult actors and the children all performed at top
level as well.In conclusion, I can certainly recommend this movie to virtually anyone.
Their is only one word of caution.  Read the book first, you won't enjoy
the
book once you have seen the film.
			

Since I'm a huge fan of the books, I couldn't wait to see the film.But what a disappointment ! I realize that you can't film the book
entirely,
but that doesn't mean that some vital scenes have to be cut out ?Snape, for instance, was far to 'friendly', he never even took any
Griffindor points! That explains perhaps why Harry doesn't ask Dumbledore
why Snape dislikes him (which is quite important in the
books).And hey, they even didn't mention Hedwigs name !Still, I must admit, there are some good stuff, like the dazzling
quidditch-match, and the presentation of Hogwarts was awesome !But if you're looking for an exciting and surprising story, written with
many vivacity and brightness, read the books and skip the movie!

			

There has been so many comments about the acting,special
effects,Columbus,dependence on the book and so on,that there is no point to
talk about those things.But I am honestly interested to know did anybody
else think that the music was entirely unsuitable and mostly just
irritating?

			

I have to own up that I am no fan of Harry Potter series. I read The
Sorcerer's Stone partly because my girlfriend who completes all four HP's
recommends them highly and partly out of curiosity. I finished it in two or
three days and find it not so good as people said. We can see similar stock
characters and typical stories in classics such as Charles Dickens' works
and other novels intended for kids: a bereaved child in a hostile
environment is recognized as the center of some important events and a
respect figure. But this is for kids, and I have no objection for
that.
This Sunday I took my girlfriend to see the movie she had expected so long,
only found it worse than the original book. Many viewers mention that the
film omits too many quotes and episodes on the book, however this is not
what I object to. When dealing with a literary work, a film director has to
decide what to put in the flick and what to leave out; a movie can not
include all characters or plots, or audience will be bored, and Warner Bros.
will be broke. My opinion is just the opposite to these diehard fans: the
director should cut off more irrelevant plots to make this film more tightly
organized, like what he did when making Home Alone. Columbus is too
concerned about satisfying book fans that he fails to edit the story into a
more organic whole; the result is that he deletes the beginning as well as
the resolution of many episodes to shorten runtime. But by doing this, he is
being unfair to non-readers of HP. I think many moviegoers without prior
knowledge of the story will be bewildered by some important scenes.
Furthermore, the director doesn't make Harry Potter and other characters
more vivid. If the actor doesn't have the extraordinary smile and innocent
look, many viewers might lose interest on him. The earlier mirror episode
provides an excellent chance to dig deeper inside Harry Potter's psychology
and desire, which will make us identify and sympathize more with the boy,
but the director doesn't hold on to the chance and let it slip away. We can
see many great British actors in this film, all wasted in the flat narrative
style. Columbus might cast them out of their appearance, and makeup might be
the best thing in this blockbuster. You don't frown when characters show
up--they look just the way they are supposed to look. This is an attempt to
translate words into images, and that's the only thing Columbus
does.
			

THE BOOKS:
I dont like them at all.WHY??? Because of they are all the same.I have read
four Potter books and I liked the first one but the rest are just almost
exactly as the first one.Another thing is that the kids in the books are
stereotypes.I mean when I was a kid I was WILD but in Harry Potter all of
the kids are little angels(but of course not the ones that are evil,and I do
mean evil).THE FILM:
Its a good adaption from the film even if it is a bit to long(But I dont
think that it could have been shorter).It has magnificent special effects
and the acting is also good.John Cleese is in the film for about 10 seconds
and says two lines.WHY???????RATING:3+/5
			

Having never read any of J.K. Rowling's work, I was quite curious to see if
the reasons for her recent publishing phenomenon would be apparent from the
film adaptation. Unfortunately the answer is a resounding
'no'.The story combines two main themes, public school and wizardry, both of
which are dealt with in somewhat traditional fashion. In fact the portrayal
of Harry's schooling is very typically British and covers the usual
ground -
school traditions and rituals, house rivalries, etc. Rowling's approach to
witchcraft is similarly conventional and will be familiar to viewers of all
ages, i.e. wands, broomsticks, and bubbling potions.If the appeal of the book has more to do with the style of writing than the
plot and subject matter, then again there was little sign of this in the
big
screen version. The direction and editing are best described as solid and
competent, rather than refreshing or inventive, happy to tread cautiously
in
preference to taking risks.As for the acting, I was again left unmoved. In recent years we have been
treated to some sparkling performances from young leads (Sixth Sense and
Billy Elliott immediately spring to mind), but unfortunately the portrayal
of Harry was uninspired and rather wooden at times. The rest of the cast
where OK, yet I did not feel that anyone stood out in particular.These criticisms aside, the film does contain many elements which will
appeal to children. There is plenty of good old fashioned action sequences,
childhood rivalries, the first awakenings of young love, and a healthy dose
of humour. Although there are some moments of tension and suspense, the
general feel of the move is quite light-hearted and doesn't take itself too
seriously.All in all its a well made, run of the mill, children's adventure yarn,
which should provide decent entertainment for all the family. However a
classic it isn't. It lacks the freshness and originality of Toy Story or
Shrek, whilst falling well short of The Fellowship of the Ring in terms of
visual impact. Since J.K. Rowling was in close contact with the production
team I wonder how closely the end product matches her vision?

			

I came to the film without having read the books. I had heard the movie
followed slavishly to the novel but I reckoned if the movie was good enough,
that shouldn't matter. 
So did the film feel like the adaption of a novel? Yes, very much so. It's
obvious director Chris Columbus was scared of doing anything too radical
with the material and so the movie tends to get bogged down at times.
Certain elements in books do not translate well to movies unless done with a
bit of flair - Columbus doesn't do this and so there is a certain weakness
to the movie's structure.
The acting isn't outstanding either among the kids. Daniel Radcliffe left as
much of an impression on me as a battering with a soft feather would. It's
not like he's from the dreadful Jake "Phantom Menace" Lloyd school of acting
but he's entirely unremarkable all the same. Very forgettable performance.
Rupert Grint (Ron) and Emma Watson (Hermione) are similarly perfunctionary
and nothing more. The best performance is probably shared by Alan Rickman
(Severus Snape) and Robbie Coltrane (Hagrid) who really come across exactly
what I would imagine from a kids book.
The directing is perfectly competent and some of the action scenes are
handled well - the quidditch match stands out most of all. Obviously
Columbus was constrained by the material at hand and the target audience - I
was hardly expecting to see Darren Aronofsky split-screen images of Hermione
and Harry talking...
The whole thing ends up like a well-done but by-the-numbers piece. No
innovation here, no gambles. It was made to be as inoffensive as possible
while trying to please as many. It's too long and could do with some pruning
but in the end you're still left with an enjoyable movie. Just not a
particularly brilliant one. 6.5/10
			

I've read all the Harry Potter books with my daughter. They're best for ages
8 to 10. They're fun but not great. This movie is not as much fun. People
who think it keeps to the book should re-read the book.There wasn't much buildup to the climactic scene. It just seemed to suddenly
happen. In the book, Harry seemed to have earned the right to confront and
defeat Voldemort, but in the movie, he just happens to end up in the right
place at the right time, and with no particular effort, emerges
victorious.This movie is like a postcard version of the book, but with less emotion
than you can put into a postcard. As many others have said, it's passable if
you've read the book, but only because you are then able to fill in the
tension, emotion, and character development missing from the
movie.Casting was okay. Radcliffe is adequate as Potter. Rupert Grint is better as
Ron. Emma Watson's hair isn't right. Robbie Coltrane is superb as Hagrid.
Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith - blah, blah, blah. John Hurt's
excellence as Mr. Ollivander is much appreciated.I gave "Harry Potter" a 6 out of 10.
			

I'll say it plainly - this film was simply a visual imitation of the book.
No more, no less.The actors were all wonderful (except that Radcliffe kid who was
HORRIBLE) -
Rupert Grint as Ron was the best, Emma Watson as Hermione was charming, and
of course all the masters of British theater - Maggie Smith the goddess,
Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris (delightful!), John Hurt, the genius Fiona
Shaw as Mss. Dursly and the greatest Alan Rickman... Except that kid who
played Potter there is no complaining. Everyone has a part that's perfect
for him\her.The design was dazzling - I was amazed for seeing it on the screen was
EXACTLY how I imagined it - the platform, the alley, the mines in the
bank... The forest, and Hagrid's home... All was just beautiful, like being
inside a dream. But there was something missing - the film didn't want to
go
beyond visualizing the book. It was boring, and slow, filled with many gaps
in the script, and many annoying scenes, and if it wasn't to that hysteria
all around in it, I'd dare say it's a bad film. It lacked the wittiness and
dark humor that filled the books  the criticizing of English morals, and
of
the capitalist, merchandized culture of the modern world, a culture of
which
the Harry Potter phenomena long became a part.But there are no words to describe the magic, for it was a truly a magical
film, and that was mostly seen in 3 scenes that no matter how many flaws
there are in this movie, these scenes were amazing.
The Sorting Hat was very impressing, the face of Voldmort appearing on this
guy's face was truly terrifying (and definitely not suitable for
children!!!), and the unbelievable, paralyzing, divine scene of the
Quiddich
- the only reason I'll go watch it again. It was so realistic, and so
eroding, and so beautiful, it kept me staring at the screen without being
aware to what's really happening. It was the photography, and the music,
and
the editing, and of course the works of visual effects that gave me the
same
feeling that I had when I watched `Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon'  a true
katarzis, a true triumph of cinema over all other arts. It was the one
scene
in the film that made me think  hell, no book can describe something so
stunningly. And I love books, and I found J. K. Rolling's description of
the
game in the book sweeping and wonderful, but the scene in the movie was, as
only the 2 other scenes I mentioned earlier, truly superior to the
writing.Anyway, this film is a wonderful way to pass time, and a delightful way to
marvel the capabilities of digital effects. As for more than that  I'd
hope
the first Lord Of The Rings film won't disappoint me. Not that I am much
disappointed by "Harry Potter" because I didn't except much  it was
directed by Chris Columbus who usually deals with children movies, so I'd
knew it would be childish and not a bit sophisticated. That is what I
expected it to be. I just hope that the next movie, as the second book,
will
have more to offer than this one had.
			

I will start my complaints with this movie in a few very easy to follow
statements. This movie has some of the best effects I have seen in a long
time. I will admit that on my standpoint, but this leads to its downfall.
The acting in this movie is very bad. They at least needed to find an
actor
who had some sort of talent for playing Harry Potter without basing it on
an
actor that looks like him. The characters are very undefined and
undeveloped. Harry Potter doesn't once question what is happening to him
and
just lets it happen. He never changes and seems to show very little
emotion.
The main villain is very undefined and in the end, no one really knows
what
his deal is and does anyone really care. The movie is very long and very
sugar-coated to say the least. The plot is very thin and really sucks much
out of the imagination. the plot was something that you could only really
enjoy if you read the book. I believe the director and producer was under
the assumption that everyone read the book before viewing. This movie is
only aimed at little kids and other people who watch this movie realize
this
too because there is very little they can get out of this movie beside its
high budget and effects. In other words, this movie left me cold and
unfulfilled.
			
I used to, in fact I still do, love fantasy films for example
Labyrinth, Masters of the universe, Princess bride and of course the
first three star wars films. Fantasy films have the most imaginative of
set designs and costumes and when done well take you to another world
for 90 or so minutes. Since the 80's these films have dried up, very
rarely are they released and even rarer now are they good. The last I
can remember was Phantom Menace but that wasn't great, plus there is an
overuse of effects to, I like to see an actor walking on a set for
real. All of a sudden Harry Potter comes out which will be quickly
followed by Lord of the rings. I went not knowing what to expect, I had
heard 99% excellent reviews, but would this sort of film still appeal
to me? answer yes. This film gets the balance between kids fun and
subtley included adult jokes perfectly, it has moments of universal joy
and the set designs are brilliant as are the effects, the effects
thankfully are not overused either. Most films of this type would have
an adult in the lead for the purpose really of experienced acting
skills despite a child being more accessible for the younger audience,
but thankfully the three principle child actors are good in their
roles, the supporting cast of the younger generation range from average
to quite wooden but they will get better with age. As a critic said the
three main kids are not portrayed as to cutsie like the case might have
been, aside from their magical skills they are seemingly you average
run of the mill kids you see every day in the highstreet or whatever.
Basically this film has a universal appeal and I would say is the first
decent non cartoon fantasy of the 90's. Its solid entertainment. ***
			

Note: Although I plan to, I haven't read the books yet, so this is only 
based on the movie...
(Some spoilers below!)While I did generally enjoy the movie, I was somewhat 
disappointed in a number of aspects:1) Too many plot twists from left field with no explanation or
foreshadowing. I really feel as though the movie betrays the
audience by hooking them along and then going in an entirely
different direction. From what I've heard from others, the books
were much better at ambiguity and keeping the twists in while
keeping them plausible.
2) Bits of continuity-related problems; some big, some small. A
small example - is anyone else bothered by the number of times
Harry casually discards the (incredibly rare) Cloak of Invisibility on
the floor, yet in a later scene has miraculously recovered it? (More
annoying is the times that he's dropped it when it would seem
fairly useful in the next scene, but would clearly spoil the plot. It's
just too convenient a literary/cinematic device that - like the
physical cloak itself - seems to get used or neglected at
whim.)
3) Some characters are barely tokens or archetypes with no
fleshing out whatsoever. However, given the length of the book
and what they're trying to accomplish, that's somewhat
understandable.
4) It almost seems like some of the morals/lessons of the story
are questionable... Maybe it's just me, but it seems Quidditch
teaches showboating and that the team really doesn't matter; it's
all largely in one person's hands. Likewise, there's no evidence
why Slythernn was so far ahead in points, but it seemed
somewhat unfair and arbitrary to simply promote Gryffindor. Heck -
they were trailing at the bottom; it seems like it also unfairly
punishes the two other houses (which were largely ignored)...
Anyway, not a bad movie, but nothing incredibly gripping in my
opinion. The effects weren't anything special. The acting was
generally good and the story did move along, but as I mentioned
above had some weak points in construction and execution...
			

Everyone's already said it: This is almost exactly the Harry Potter world
from the book.  Almost perfectly rendered, characters spot on, even if
Harry
was a little wooden, and has most of the action from the
book.Which is, of course, the problem.I saw this movie with a bunch of kids in the rows in front of and behind
me.
The younger ones fell asleep.  No surprise there.  The older ones watched
it, marvelled at it, compared it to their imagined versions, and... almost
fell asleep.There is a lot to cram in to this movie.  But curiously, rather than rating
some plot points as more important, others as less, this version of Harry
contains EVERYTHING.  All the major plot points are there, with a couple of
stripped down exceptions.  Faithful to the story - yes.  Faithful to the
spirit of the books - no.  And the kids around me said it."Where were all the jokes, Dad?" Asked one kid.
"Where was Lee Jordan's commentary of the quidditch," asked
another.
"It didn't FEEL like fun," a third said as we walked out, probably the most
telling comment of all.Rather than prioritising the plot points, we got the lot.  So the spirit of
the books - the urgency, the glee, the fun, the joy - all disappeared.  We
lost Harry's character... reduced to a quiet noone. - which is odd, coz all
of the other characters were perfect! (Though Dumbledore needs a sense of
humour, and the Wesley twins aren't "bad" enough"...)A functional rendering of the book, but as one person said as we walked
out:
"Value for money wise - I'd rather spend $18.95 on the book than $10 on
that
movie".  
			

I was both anxious and reluctant to see the Harry Potter movie, because it
is always tricky to make a movie live up to the level of the book.  With
the
J. K. Rowling involved with the movie making, I expected it to be a fairly
consistent movie, with the book story only edited to make it fit within the
timespan of a movie, and keep people's attention (easier to do in writing
than in visual aspects).Unfortunately, parts were apparently edited out without much attention to
consistency.  To start at the end...  Why was Snape's test (right before
Dumbledore's) removed, while it was the main basis for the points given for
Hermione in the end?  What was the point in having Neville try to stop
Harry, Ron and Hermione from leaving the Gryffindor common room, when the
movie did not contain the reasons why alot of people (including Neville)
felt that Harry, Ron and Hermione shouldn't be risking losing more points
for Gryffindor?It all adds up to a rather weak storyline, and frankly I would have been at
a loss seeing this movie without reading the book.  It just doesn't add up.
Without the book knowledge to fill in the blanks, Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone seems hardly more than a movie with alot of publicity
around it, and a poorly developed storyline *in the movie
itself*.Of course, the book and the storyline therein is marvelous!
			

With the movie finally here out in the open it's hard to say if
expectations
weren't too high. It all sounded good: a fine cast & J.K. Rowling being
mainly involved. Could this go wrong?Well, yes and no. First of all: the cast is fine, the adultcast is great
even (with Hagrid being my favorite and a fabulous John Hurt as mr.
Ollivander). The kids are fine too, Emma Watson does a great job als
Hermione. The locations look great, Hogwarth's is fabulous - with the
floating pumpkins at Halloween as a subtle highlight. And of course, after
reading the books, it's fun to see it all for a change. Then there are
scenes that are truly fascinating, like quidditch, the dark forest and the
chess-play. John Williams's music is very good. So, there *is* a lot to
enjoy. And the computer-generated moving stairs are beautiful. But even in
this movie the most scary element (invisible Voldemort in a black cloak
drinking unicornblood and threatening Harry) is just a piece of black
cloth.
As where the CGI-troll wasn't scary at all.The major lack in the movie is it's pace. It's too fast. There is simply
too
much to tell and the movie can't choose between plot (what is the
philosopher's stone and who wants to steal it) and simply showing Harry's
life on Hogwarth's (school, quidditch, magic). It's clear that a 2.5 hour
movie cannot do this both properly. Sometimes it feels like we're zapping
through Harry's life, and the fact that the events in the movie take about
a
year doesn't come through at all.I believe this all comes from the involvement of J.K. Rowling and the
filmmaker's idea to stick as close to the book as possible. The movie is
indeed close to the book, too close I think. Someone like Spielberg - who
didn't get the job - would have made the story more into a movie and less
into a combination of scenes.With this movie, you keep feeling like you are on the sideline, looking in
on Harry's life, where you should be drawn in to his world, like in the
books. Now it's just a bunch of nice pictures, changing quickly and
leaving
me unsatisfied and longing for the warm long lasting bath the books
are.
			

The first Harry Potter film is certainly not a bad movie, but also
certainly
not the cinematic triumph that dizzied critics have been calling it.  This
film will obviously never live on as the "Wizard of Oz" as one national
critic gushed.The film follows the first Harry Potter book, also somewhat overrated,
relatively well, but fails to make concrete some of the tensions that the
book did so well.Those who have rated this film a 10 on this site are obviously  9-year-old
Harry Potter zombies, as no thinking movie reviewer could in any good
conscience include this film with any of the all time
classics...
			

One of the better childrens movies I have seen, especially since I found the
books themselves about as deep as a comic book. Indeed one parent commented
to me that it took her child more time to watch the film then to read the
book. The sparse and simple dialogue of the books translates well into a
script but the real strength of this movie is special effects to rival a
Spielberg film and three excellent child actors. I could not however
recommend to an adult to run out and spend their 12 dollars on this unless
they are bringing a child. This is a detuned Indiana Jones for 10 year olds
rather than a film like Shrek that works on two levels. Not really suitable
for younger children.
			
It certainly wasn't an easy task Chris Columbus took upon himself when
he started working on adapting one of the most loved novels ever for
the screen. I have to say that I was among those who felt almost upset
when I heard that Columbus would direct the movie -- Home Alone, need I
say more? I was doubtful if Columbus would be capable to go to darker
places. I am happy to say that Columbus has stayed true to the source
material in most ways. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a
rather dark movie considering that it is a children's film. Luckily,
there are some comic scenes as well -- though not nearly as many as in
the book.The acting from the adult actors is brilliant -- as was only expected
with such a cast! Robbie Coltrane, Alan Rickman, Richard Harris, Maggie
Smith and my personal "favourite" Ian Hart (who doesn't have enough
screen time, if you ask me) are all great. The child actors is another
matter... Daniel Radcliffe has to look surprised, awed and scared all
the time. It's kind of boring. I'm sure he will do better in the next
movie when -- hopefully -- his eyebrows won't be at the edge of his
scalp all the time. The best of the younger actors is without a doubt
Rupert Grint who plays Ron. Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy) is also good.There are certain aspects of the film that are absolutely brilliant.
Cinematography, production design, costume design et cetera. Hogwarts,
for example, looked almost exactly as I had imagined it.Harry Potter is a good movie. It's not great, but even if I am somewhat
disappointed I still feel that there couldn't have been a better
adaptation of the novel (well, perhaps Terry Gilliam could have done
something brilliant with the source material). However, images can
never replace Rowling's language and style. Believe me, the best
H.P.-movie you will ever see is the one you see in your mind when you
read the novel.Still, it is a job well done by Columbus and screenwriter Steven Kloves
and everyone else who worked on the film. (6/10)
			

I had read the series with my daughters twice so the inconsistancies were
a
distraction.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't quite right.  There was quite
a
bit material from the book that was missing from the film. I have my
doubts
that people who have not read the books will understand all of what is
going
on in the film.  That aside, I will say that most of the special effects
were good, and the casting was acceptable.  But truth be told, I much
prefer
what my imagination conjured up to what was offered on the screen and
I'll
be making every effort to read the books again.
			
   First off- I really, really enjoyed this movie. Very much. It had the
same feeling of the book(s) but of course it couldn't cover as much as the
book could (it would be near impossible to do it). For instance, a lot of
the characters didn't have as much screen time as they are mentioned in the
book. (It seems that Snape, Quirrell, George, Fred and Percy Weasly had
bigger roles; and Hedwig, I can't even remember the name being mentioned)
But really, that doesn't matter. What matters is that the movie is good or
not, and it is.There aren't a lot of family movies that capture the kind of humor and
adventure/drama that this one does. Just for record, I've read all the
books, so that might make me a bit biased, but really its a good
adaption.The acting is superb. I honestly think there should be Academy Award
nominations for this movie, both in acting and the movie
itself.-Richard Harris, Maggie Smith,Alan Rickman and Robbie Coltrane are
PERFECT!!, they are so good at capturing the essence of their characters,
that shouldn't go without a nomination.-Also, Daniel Radcliffe does a very, very good job as Harry. I liked him in
this part because you can tell he wasn't overly acting like some child stars
do; instead his shy/quiet nature was exactly like Harry
Potter
-Emma Watson and Rupert Grint were also PERFECT as their roles of Hermione
and Ron, respectively. They really have a talent.-Great Movie.
			

  This movie, based on the book of the same name, starts a wee bit too
sluggish, features some nice special effects in the later half and gets
downright cheesy and predictable at the end. It relays the story of a young
lad who discovers he has untold abilities in the art of wizardry and builds
thereon with the process of his schooling in said talent. The character
development is way too slow in portions and non-existent in others--unless
you've read the book, you don't have much chance of knowing who they're
talking about, considering they have such weird names. It has moments of
neatness ("sorting hat", "moving stairwells", etc.), but you never feel
immersed in the "Hogwarts" world. I got the vibe they should have either
totally hammed it up or made it quite a bit more gritty. Alas, it appears
yet another novel couldn't be properly consolidated into a film format.
Still, the kiddies will probably love it and it could have been much worse,
although it is a bit too long--I kept checking my watch.
			

I missed a lot of the fuss about the books because I was in China so I
dutifully worked my way through them - and found myself getting rather
involved - they're nothing special but they're a good read.In this light I'm shocked, but not surprised at the fuss being made about
the film, which was so slavishly close to the novel that I wondered why
they
didn't just film Richard Harris reading it to us.There is a lot of potential here; great characters and locations and a lot
of imagination to be tapped. Sadly Chris Colombus is not the right man to
be
making these films. Past experience tells us that his idea displaying
emotion is to get Macauly Culkin or Robin Williams to gurn at the screen. I
felt nothing for the characters other than what I remembered in the books.
Still, the casting is wonderful and its great to see that many British
actors in a big budget film. The direction and editing reduces the film to
a
series of stop start scenes that barely builds up the the muted climax.Better than most films of its kind (I remember when the studios desperately
hoped to break box office records, rather than arrogantly annoucing it).
Its
just a pity we're going to have to sit through the lukewarm books 2 and 3
before the best of the bunch arrives.
			

this is the most important question. If you are between 3 and 13 years old
you can go and maybe enjoy this movie. Honestly I can't say that this is a
bad movie but it could be better. HP is too long and not
very
fast but is not even too much slow. Scenarios are nice and that's
it.
Nothing more to say.
			

The movie faced some incredible challenges  because of the big
number of long-time fans who wanted a direct translation.  It must
stand alone as a movie and with that in mind it does have some
flaws - specificly some of the CGI effects and the length of the
movie. Still, this is a fun flick.
			

As an adult fan of the Harry Potter series, I was unimpressed by the
cinematic version of the story and surprised that so many critics are
already calling this uninspired production a classic. I can think of
dozens
of childrens' movies that are superior to this one including Shrek and
Monsters Inc. which are playing at the same time. Compared to a true
classic
like ET, this Harry Potter movie appears weak even by muggle
standards.With only a few exceptions the acting here was wooden and uninspired.
Maggie
Smith as Professor/Deputy Headmistress Minerva McGonagall stood out as did
David Bradley as Caretaker Argus Filch. Robbie Coltrane as Gamekeeper
Rubeus
Hagrid also had his moments. The kids were cute, but they all acted as if
they were reading their lines and Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe)had
pretty
well one expression for every occasion. The special effects were
pedestrian.As others have also noted, director Chris Columbus would have been better
off to leave out some parts of the book and concentrate on doing a better
job with the parts he kept. As it is, the movie rushes forward, lurching
from one scene to another and barely taking the time to develop characters
or any kind of dramatic tension.What made the first book so enjoyable for me was the excitement of
discovering a magic world existing side-by-side with the muggles. It was
so
much fun to experience Harry's surprise and wonderment when he is first
introduced to that world. This movie captures none of that. For a movie
about wizards and witches there is painfully little magic to be found
here.

			

I really liked reading the Harry Potter-stories, but this movie has so many
shortcomings that I have given it a 3/10.After watching it, I got the impression that this movie was a rush-job
altogether. Some scenes OBVIOUSLY needed more takes and I can't imagine John
Williams will like what they've done with his music. The music and the
scenes look as if they are from two completely different
movies.I'm too shocked still to know where to begin expressing what is wrong with
this movie. *sigh*I can imagine that you have to leave things from a book in its conversion to
the silver screen. Time constraints amongst other things are important
factors. But in this adaptation they've really torn the book to shreds. For
instance, the book contains a lot of 'funny bits' to give the reader some
'light relief'. Done away with in the movie. Also, there seems to be no
place in the movie for some 'rest' for the viewer. No space for 'suspense to
build'. BAM! BAM! BAM! and important bits of imformation sacrificed for the
fast score.All in all, my opinion of this movie is really low. A rushed through job
with really horrible timing, bad editting and (probably the worst result of
all this) really horrible acting in places. 
			

Well, I rode down early on the Saturday after it opened to get tickets. 
Shouldn't have bothered going early.  Tickets were not a
problem.The movie was fine but slow.  If I had been by myself about 30 minutes into
it I would probably have walked out.  Staying awake was a problem.  Now I am
a fan of the books but the movie at 2 1/2 hours was way to long.  Stretching
it out this long created periods of absolutely nothing happening.Good movie for the kids but it really could stand to be tightened up with
some good editing.  
			

this movie was just average. The special effects were good, but nothing
special in a big budget movie today. The acting was fine, but generally
typical of children's films. There were a few memorable scenes, but nothing
really touching, moving, or exciting. The story was occasionally creative,
but primarily built on cliches. In other words, average.I can't understand why so many reviews are so glowing. Critics seem
reluctant to give a thumbs down to just adequate children's movies. Maybe
that's because they feel it's their civic duty to encourage such a movement
in Hollywood. But why such praise for a children's movie with a
controversial edge? - a movie that's guaranteed to raise eyebrows of
religious parents?Not that I had a problem with that. I was actually looking forward to this.
But it looks like I'll have to wait for Lord Of The Rings for my fantasy
entertainment. And if you are a parent looking for a movie to take your
kids
to, try Monsters, Inc. 
			

So there I was looking for another movie to take me to another world, to
send shivers down my spine and thrill me to the edge of my seat - with high
hopes that young Harry had the ability. Maybe at the ripe old age of thirty
I've lost that sense of Wonder that Poppins and Wonka and Chitty gave me as
a child but hell, a kid on a broomstick seems so passe these days. Flying
nannies and cars and chocolate factory managers were amazing back then! Oh
and there was no one as scary as the Childcatcher either.So close to the book that the film dismisses the staple 3 act blockbuster
format for episodic content that leads to small climaxes and a poorly
placed
highlight - yes the Quidditch game is great... There's no real sense of
urgency to each scene, so when the final battle comes it leaves a feeling
of...well, not much at all really...There are some great set pieces (besides the Quidditch) and nice
performances - notably the best child actor is Malfoy, snidey and annoying
as he should be while Radcliffe as Harry is nothing more than O.K. The rest
of the kids are cast well - though the Yorkshire nerd (who lives down the
road from me apparently) left me cold. The adults are pulled from some
great
British actors holes and do a great job oh the whole, most playing roles
that were written for them - Coltraine as Hagrid and Bates as
Snape.Look, I enjoyed it - kids'll love it, but it's an empty sort of feeling the
movie leaves you with and with such good source material that's, well,
annoying. Hell, the movie seemed to insult the book by holding up the
obvious reference points that Rowling went to when creating Harry and
Hogwarts. There's so much Star Wars - 'come to the dark side Harry' - and
more than enough Lord Of The Rings theft going on here.So as I left the cinema - I thought to myself, why was the most
entertaining
thing about the film the trailers that were shown before it? Hopefully
Harry
is just an apetiser for the main course of cinematic Wonder that's still to
come...
			

I am a fan of the books but at first i didn't think the movie would be very
good but after i watched the movie I thought it was good. The quidditch
match was pretty cool. Hagrid's "I shouldn't have told you that" was funny.
Even if you don't read the books, you should watch the
movie.
			

Second rate special effects and not enough humor to help you get through a
2
1/2 hour movie.  I am assuming you have to have some knowledge of the books
to understand, I did not so much of it was boring.  What would have helped
would have been some American actors to provide comic relief (Robin
Williams).
			

Harry Potter was an okay movie. It was not a particularly good movie. All
of
the atmosphere from the books was just plain missing... It was a faithful
plot rendering, but it was not gripping. You don't get emotionally wrapped
in what happens, and you just don't care what happens to these people. If
you've already read the books, then Harry et al. already mean something to
you, so it's okay-- but if you haven't, you're in for a yawn. The movie was
also lacking a lot of the books' wit... presumably because they couldn't
fit
anything else in.I think anyone who's a HP fan will enjoy the movie, but people who haven't
read the books won't. The movie doesn't make you care about the characters:
it depends on you to already care. It caters directly to the fans that will
graft their OWN understanding of Harry et al. onto the screen exposition,
who aren't depending on the movie to show them what these characters are
like, because they already know. To anyone who's seen the movie and hasn't
read the books, I'd say: Go read them even if you didn't like the movie;
what the film most painfully lacks, the books actually do
supply.
			

I saw this in a theater that was completely full, with a crowd that buzzed
excitedly over the Scooby Doo preview before the feature.  The major thing
that I noticed was the complete lack of buzz during the film.  No laughs,
no
sudden breaths, very little sound at all.  I think the movie simply moved
too fast, and everyone felt the need to focus on the screen completely so
as
not to miss anything.  I understand the problems in adapting a widely read
and hugely successful novel to a screenplay, so I empathize with the
screenwriter.
I enjoyed the film, even at the 2.5 hour length, and I recommend that fans
of the books see it, but I do not think children under 7-8 would sit
through
the second half.
One negative (somewhat) was the seeming lack of special effects in a movie
about a wizard.  What effects were there were fairly shoddy.
The three main actors, particularly the adorable little Hermione, were
wonderful.  But why was John Cleese included for a two line role?  The same
for John Hurt.
Overall, 6 out of 10
			

I was so disappointed with this movie. The first part of the movie before
Harry gets to Hogwarts was just terrible! If I hadn't read the book, it
would not have made any sense. Crucial scenes were cut out so that there was
no transition, and the acting was weak. The changes between really dark
scenes and really bright scenes were not well done either. The Dursleys were
not as I had imagined them to be, especially Mr. Dursley. The casting of the
Weasleys (except for Ron) was just downright wrong. The twins fun,
happy-go-luckyness, and humour were not captured - the lines that were
supposed to be funny were delivered without conviction, and the twins became
dull barely existent characters. I really liked Harry, Hermione, and especially Ron. McGonagall was good too,
but Dumbledore was not characterized very well - he didn't show his friendly
wise side well. The second half of the movie improved, but it wasn't enough. The movie
lacked good focus and pacing. The adaptation from book to movie failed. The
movie attempted to follow the book almost exactly while keeping the length
down so that the result was a choppy movie. For example, in one scene it has
Harry, Hermione, Ron, and Hagrid watching the dragon hatch. The next scene
was Hagrid, unconvincingly, saying that the dragon was taken away - no
explanation, and if it wasn't for the fact that Hagrid getting the dragon
egg was important to the plot, it would have been a scene with absolutely no
importance. I wasn't looking for every scene to be included in the movie but
important scenes that explained the story should not have been left out.

			

Given that they set out to make a film of the book, this is about as good as
it could be. The cast are well-chosen, the scenery and effects eminently
appropriate.However, the unfortunate effect is merely to demonstrate that Harry Potter
and the Philosopher's Stone works much better as a book. Like all good
adventures, Harry Potter has a whole lot of plot. There simply isn't time to
fit the plot into the film comfortably without sacrificing other things. The
relationships between the characters are thinly drawn, and the atmosphere of
the school doesn't really come through.There's nothing overtly wrong with the film, and Harry Potter fans shouldn't
be too disappointed, but, as so often, it's a much better book than it is a
film.
			
If you, like so many others, had high expectations for the movie
because of how good the books were, then you would have walked away
disappointed. A book as popular as Harry Potter could never have been
done to appeal to all its fans because so many will pick out every
little mistake in the film that doesn't coincide with the book.It was clearly difficult to compress the book into a movie-safe length
and given that almost all who watch it will have read the books anyway,
there wasn't too much left out. However, Daniel Radcliffe just doesn't
work when playing Harry. Sure, he looks like him, but the way he speaks
as if he's on his deathbed just isn't Harry. Likewise Emma Watson and
Rupert Grint; their expression was far too over the top to seem real,
despite the theme of the movie.The worst of it all is that the movie had too many clichs to really
stand out from the rest of the pack. It just wasn't magical.
			
Probably the greatest waste of talent and money since the Burton/Taylor
"Cleopatra" of the 1960s. After the initial scenes with Fiona Shaw and
Richard Griffiths, the thing is just one interminable stretch of ennui,
inter-spersed with special effects which are initially quite good but
which, fatally, do nothing to bring the pasty-faced and innocuous
"lead" character child actors to life, about whose fates and
undertakings one becomes progressively LESS interested as the whole
things drags itself from one phony set scene to the next until, after
two and a half hours, (which seems like months!), the whole thing fades
out like a candle finally guttering in its holder. Maggie Smith,
Richard Harris, Robbie Coltrane etc. etc. must have sent their agents a
Christmas bonus for having secured parts for them in this turkey which
demanded of them less engagement than a Roger Moore 007 epic and, even
better (!), set them up for numerous sequels until the kids gripped by
the books finally add a few years and move onto movies for kids, (and
adults!), which, unlike this junk, really DO entertain and amuse, e.g.
"Shrek", "Toy Story", "Antz" etc. etc.
			
I happened to watch Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, as this
film is called, on the same evening as Pietje Bell, another children's
movie, and came way with approximately the same opinion on both films:
nice images, good adventure, so-so acting by the leads, and sometimes
grating dialogue.The beginning, I felt, moved a bit slowly and eratically. It took Harry
ages to go to the wizards' school, and the premonitions about his
magical qualities could have been smeared less thickly. At times even
Harry's actor seemed to look on in disbelief at Harry's powers, having
quickly run out of facial expressions of disbelieve to display.
			

(I have described certain elements of structure and plot but in general
terms that I hope will not spoil the story for those who don't know
it)I expected a roller coaster ride, but was instead taken on a rather
pedestrian stroll around the world of Harry Potter. Of course, if I'd seen
this film as a young child, I would have been thrilled to bits with this
escape into a world where children learn to be wizards and
witches.Having read all the books to my son, I'm not a big fan. But I did think
Harry Potter's story could be made into a series of fantastic movies. In my
opinion, that opportunity has been wasted. For me, the structure of the
screenplay was poor, devised to please several million expectant fanatics.
Because the creators of the movie had their audience on a plate, they
didn't
have to worry about drawing anyone into the story. So we get a series of
events designed not to disappoint those coming to see their favorite bits
from the book.The beginning of the film can be compared to that of Time Bandits - young
boy with nasty parents taken into another world. But whereas I was right
with the boy in Time Bandits, drawn into his story by the skill of the film
makers, I was only a spectator as the bizarre series of events unfold in
Harry's life. I didn't really get a feeling of Harry's misery while living
with the Dursleys.Bearing in mind what you can achieve with digital effects these days, the
makers of this film created little sense of great magic. A big let-down
when
you're watching a film about magicians. I think this film lacks the sense
of
awe and wonder that a director like Spielberg could have created. In fact,
I
felt very little emotion throughout the whole film.It's strange that, with 2 1/2 hours to play with, I didn't really get a
great deal from any of the characters. The film relies completely on the
three children at the centre of the story, with the others popping up every
now and then. Unfortunately, Harry is up-staged by his companions. There is
hardly an indication that the evil Harry has to defeat is actually present
until the end. So I didn't find the sense of struggle or danger that would
have kept me on the edge of my seat.In all, this film failed to touch me. I wanted to be there with Harry as he
went from suburban misery to the wonderful Hogwarts. But I just didn't
connect with him. I believe this is due, mainly, to the structure and
design
of the screenplay. The tame direction and some wooden acting in places
didn't help.It will of course make zillions and thrill children across the globe for
many years to come.
			

The film adaptation of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" has failed
to
live up to the hype that surrounded its release. Everywhere I look, there
are Harry Potter toys, clothes, posters, books, video games, board games,
soundtracks... even tooth brushes and toothpaste! Isn't it a fair
assumption
that through all this overkill in advertisement there would actually be a
quality movie worth watching? At least that's what I was hoping for.
Instead, what I got was two and a half hours of boredom where a simple game
of chess is the highlight of the entire moviegoing experience.It's fairly accurate to summarize the movie with these two words: computer
animation. Trolls, owls, flying brooms, three-headed dogs named Fluffy...
all computer animated. Worse yet, it wasn't even convincing. At one moment
a
character would be real, and the next moment (while riding the brooms
during
a game of Quidditch, for example) they would suddenly be just another
product of some computer program's imagination. Oh wait, that's right,
computer programs don't have imaginations. So that might explain why the
computer animated humans don't look at all real! You'd think with a visual
effects crew of nearly 90 people and a budget of $125 million, there'd be
at
least one person amongst them who actually knew how to render a human
believable.It's hard enough to rest the success of an entire movie franchise on the
shoulders of three unknown child actors, but at least the producers could
have picked a more capable director to helm the project. Chris Columbus
("Home Alone," "Mrs. Doubtfire") was definitely not the best choice. Maybe
the future installments will be blessed by someone along the lines of
Steven
Spielberg or George Lucas.The glaring difference between the book and the movie is that the book is
for everyone to read, kids and adults alike, whereas the movie seems to be
targeted at little kids with short attention spans and no sense of humor.
It
was upsetting to see such an exquisite novel gone to waste in a film as
unexciting as this. There were many times throughout "Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone" where I was able to lean back and relax without having to
worry about missing any action. Only a handful of times did I actually take
notice of what was going on onscreen and sit up to pay strict attention...
definitely not recommended for anyone over the age of 12.Another annoying aspect was the idea that in order to cater to young
audiences, it was necessary to greet someone by their full name and give a
complete history of their character as soon as you met them, just so kids
don't get confused. Example: "Oh, hello there Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster
of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, nice day today, isn't
it?"The movie should have been fun and exciting, and should have added to the
experience of reading the books. Instead, it ended with the bitter taste
of,
"Well at least the sequels can't get any worse."My rating: 5 out of 10
			
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001): Dir: Chris Columbus /
Cast: Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, Richard Harris,
Robbie Coltrane: Stunning visual achievement and a triumph in
production. Every inch of this film sparks something new and exciting.
Unfortunately it views witchcraft as exciting as oppose to dangerous.
It opens with the death of Harry's parents and the scar embedded on his
forehead. Story follows his ventures at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry. Filled with great imagery such as invisible cloaks, giant
ogres, centors, flying brooms, moving staircases, giant chess games,
and a three-headed dog named Fluffy. What is truly remarkable is how it
tells a story without surrendering to the visuals. Unfortunately Harry
uses vengeful magic to aid his concluding victory as oppose to natural
resources. Inspiring work by director Chris Columbus who is a champion
with box office hits. His previous successes include Mrs. Doubtfire and
Home Alone. Daniel Radcliffe is perfectly cast as Harry companioned
with Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as friends he meets on a train to
Hogwarts. Richard Harris plays the compelling wizard Dumbledore. Robbie
Coltrane plays a friendly giant like character whose dog is of an
unusual breed. This film sets the stage introducing the school but it
is not for young children who need no class in sorcery. Score: 6 / 10
			
'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' is the introduction film to
the Harry Potter series based on the best-selling book. The film is as
sweet and as engaging as the book, introducing the underdog Harry, who
was forced to live in the closet under the stairs by his mean aunt and
uncle and who does not have a happy, loving family. He learns that he
is actually from a magical family, and this takes him to a magical
school called Hogwarts where he meets two good friends Hermione and Ron
and unfortunately makes some enemies with a couple bullies. The three
friends find themselves solving mysteries and becoming heroes. It's
quite well-written with a twist at the end. Overall, it is a good
introduction to the characters and contains some innocent fun and some
action that is truly magical.
			
Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) lives with his aunt, uncle, and cousin
Dudley AKA the Dursleys. His parents were both killed in a car crash
when he was very young and he has always been quite strange ever since.
Lately, he has been feeling a little stranger than usual. His cousin
Dudley has been attacked by a snake when Harry wanted to hurt him and
mysterious letters for Harry have been showing up that The Dursleys
have UN-mistakenly been trying to hide form him. Harry soon finds out
the reason for all of these incidents: He is a wizard. Not only that,
he also finds out that he will be attending Hogwarts (Wizarding school
for Wizards and Witches) and that his parents were murdered by the most
evil of all wizards, Voldemort, who was mysteriously destroyed by
Harry.On his journey to Hogwarts, Harry makes two friends in Ron Weasely
(Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) along with a rival in
Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton). Harry quickly learns of life in the wizard
world and finds himself to be quite the celebrity due to his Quidditch
(A popular wizard sport played on brooms) skills and his encounter with
Voldemort. The movie also stars Richard Harris as Headmaster Albus
Dumbledore, Maggie Smith as Professor Minerva McGonagall, and Alan
Rickman as Professor Severus Snape.This is the first of seven beloved movies adapted from the books by
J.K. Rowling. In general, the book is usually better than the movie,
and this is no exception, although it is a wonderful adaptation. The
acting of the kids was made the movie incredibly entertaining and the
effects were done brilliantly. This comes as no surprise, due to the
massive book sales that created such a large budget for the film. But
one of the greatest things about this movie is that they didn't go for
star actors. Yes, you do have Richard Harris and Alan Rickman but they
very well-known. Even the biggest star in the movie John Cleese played
the very minor role of Nearly Headless Nick. This was a great
opportunity to make another great saga of film and they made a
wonderful start by not using big names. Overall, this is a great
beginning to what hopes to be incredible chronicles and is a wonderful
adaptation of the book.I recommend this film
			

Elements of the book that have been edited I would have liked to have seen
included but differences from the book were inevitable. The biggest
disappointment for me was the quidditch game during which the slytherin team
came across as comic-book characters rather than sinister and cynical as
they seemed to me in the book. However it remains engrossing despite knowing
the story in much detail beforehand. The child actors turn in respectable
performances and much of the adult cast is superb, particularly - for me -
Alan Rickman as Professor Snape. The sets are superb although there is
slightly too much dependence on cg effects in some parts. Perhaps this
comment sounds negative but despite the niggles - mainly based on the
impossible task of recreating the book precisely - it remains a worthy and
entertaining adaptation of the story. 8 out of 10.
			

I'm not a fan of the books. The ones I read seem like Roald Dahl wannabes.
To me the books were young adult fiction that seems like young adult
fiction.This the, film version of the first book is actually pretty good, but
suffers painfully from the fact that it attempts to get everything in the
book on the screen. I am certain that the film would have been a classic had
someone had the balls to reshape the novel into a movie instead of trying to
make the movie into the novel. If you want to see a good, but not great movie, and to get a faithful
feeling for one of the most successful series of books ever made without
having to days reading the books then by all means watch this, just expect
frequent draggy spots.
			

I hated the book, it was really hard to follow. I think making the movie
was
soooooo much a better idea then the books. The graphics were great, and the
story was ok. Not what i would have chosen. I think the person who played
Harry was a dofus though. Other than that, it was a good movie.

			

I enjoyed this movie immensely. But, like "The Phantom Menace," I've had a
very hard time viewing it objectively. There was so much anticipation
leading up to its release, I simply enjoyed the experience of being there.
Having read all four books in the series a few times each, I am overly
familiar with the events in the story. As I watched the movie, my
continuing
thought was "How well will the next part of the story be translated to the
screen?" rather than "How entertaining is this film overall?" I have
trouble
answering the latter question because I was already entertained by
watching
a wonderful story dramatized, so I'll never know how I'd have reacted had
I
seen this movie without having read the books.Critics talk about how incredibly faithful the movie is to the book, and
perhaps I'd have had an easier time detaching the two in my mind had the
movie set off on its own course. Indeed, many classic children's movies,
like "The Wizard of Oz" and "Mary Poppins," are so successful partly
because
they're so different from the books that inspired them. But these are
exceptions; in my experience, most children's movies reveal their
weaknesses
in how they diverge from the books upon which they're based. And much of
what makes the Harry Potter phenomenon unique is that it is the first time
in ages that a children's book, without a movie accompanying it, has
generated this much popularity. According to an article I read a year ago,
the universe of Harry Potter has become as real in the minds of youngsters
and adults as that of a popular movie series like Star Wars. Therefore, it
will be very hard for any film based upon it to compete with it. In the
minds of die-hard fans, any changes made to the story will be seen as
desecrating the fantasy world that Rowling created. That's why it's easy
to
understand why the filmmakers were so reluctant to change
anything.As a faithful rendering of the book squeezed into a two-and-a-half hour
period, the movie is beautifully done. I don't have a single complaint
about
any of the actors, who successfully bring to life, with the aid of costume
design and special effects, the many colorful characters from the book. My
favorite character, the giant Hagrid, is played by Robbie Coltrane, and I
say with no exaggeration that he is exactly how I imagined him while
reading
the book. It's as if they took the image in my mind and transferred it to
the screen. While I had my own personal image of Snape (for some reason, I
always imagined him as the head villain from another Chris Columbus film,
"Adventures in Babysitting"), Alan Rickman is perfect in the role. I
usually
expect to have words of criticism for some performances, but I just don't.
The remaining adult actors, including Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall
and Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore, are as good as they possibly could
be, and the kids do an excellent job of holding their own against these
veterans. Some have criticized Daniel Radcliffe for appearing too subdued
in
the title role, but that's exactly how the character is portrayed in the
book: modest, unassuming, and laid-back. The kids who play Harry's two
best
friends are flawless.I had a lot of worries about the fact that it was being directed by Chris
Columbus, whose entire directorial career so far has consisted of
over-the-top slapstick films. I was pleasantly surprised that he did not
direct the Harry Potter film in this way. Except for brief moments like
the
children's delayed reaction to a giant three-headed dog they encounter and
Harry's swallowing the quaffle ball, there is nothing here to remind us
that
this film is directed by the same person who gave us films like "Home
Alone"
and "Mrs. Doubtfire." Indeed, I think Columbus may have gone just a tad
bit
too far in trying not to make the film seem cartoony. I would have liked
to
see a little more emotion on the actors' faces at certain times. Overall,
however, his restraint works nicely in giving the film the kind of
believability the book possesses.But much is left out. Harry's caretaker Uncle Vernon, a prominent
character
in the book, is given less attention in the movie than some of the bit
characters. The gently satirical aspects of Hogwarts School aren't in the
movie at all. We never see the ghostly history teacher who died several
years back but kept on teaching. Lines like the following--"Professor
McGonagall watched [her students] turn a mouse into a snuffbox--points
were
given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had
whiskers"--find no equivalent in the movie. The movie does include
platform
nine-and-three-quarters, though the way the kids disappear into the wall
isn't as mysterious as I had visualized, and the sorting hat is there,
minus
the great poem explaining the differences between the four
schools.Not that I'm blaming the movie for omitting some details. Some things from
the book would not have translated easily to the screen, and it would have
been very difficult to stick everything in. Had Columbus done so and
allowed
the film to be as long as necessary (eight hours, maybe?), like a BBC
miniseries, the film might have been a masterpiece, but few kids would
ever
have had the patience or attention span to sit through
it.The problem is that the amusing details are much of what make Harry Potter
such a special story. A whole universe is created in Rowling's series, in
which a magical society exists within our own ordinary "muggle" world and
is
kept secret by a bureaucracy with its own rules, history and politics. The
way magic is treated in her books, not as something medieval but as very
similar to the way our own contemporary world works, is a large part of
their charm. Take away these details, and you're left with a fairly
conventional tale of a young wizard fighting an evil sorcerer.Although the audience I was with broke into applause as soon as the movie
ended (something I've never seen happen before, though I don't go to the
theater that often), some people have complained about the movie dragging
at
certain points. I didn't have that problem, but, as I said, I wasn't
really
trying to get involved in the movie's story. After thinking about it, it
does seem like parts of the movie fail to convey a sense of urgency. Why
should this be? I never felt that way when reading the books, and this is
without a doubt the very same story.The answer, I think, is that the books portray much of Harry's anxiety in
trying to succeed in school (for if he's kicked out, he'll go straight
back
to his horrible uncle) and fit in with the kids there. The movie doesn't
tap
into these anxieties enough, so why should we care whether he wins the
Quidditch match (other than that he survives in one piece) and gets
through
the school year? The only real suspense in the movie after he arrives at
Hogwarts comes from the story of Lord Voldemort returning, which in the
book
is almost secondary. Harry's adventures getting along in the school are
fun
and interesting, but as they are presented to us in the film, there isn't
enough tying them all together.What we have here is a serviceable dramatization of a wonderful children's
series, but it doesn't entirely succeed in standing on its own. Perhaps it
should have diverged from the book just a little, to compensate for the
difficulties in translating some of the book's delights to the screen. In
its current form, it's almost like a preview of the book. Its lack of
fullness, and its dependence on the book, might actually increase the
popularity and endurance of Rowling's series by making those who see the
film yearn for more, which they can get from the real thing.
			

HARRY POTTER / (2001) *** (out of four)Here's a method of evaluating a movie based on previously published
material: ask yourself if the film makes you want to read the material from
which it is based?  Before the release of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone," I was one of
the few remaining souls who had not read J.K. Rowling's fantasy book series.
After screening the first film installment, I did want to read the book.
Borrowing the novel from a family member, I briefly skimmed over the
chapters. The book's intelligence and similarities with the film really
surprised me.  With over 100 million copies sold in over 46 different languages, J.K.
Rowling's best-selling series of books has become a worldwide phenomenon.
Naturally, with soaring expectations abound, the filmmakers felt great
pressure to create a faithful adaptation. They have. This film is
essentially a visualization of the words in the novel, with very few
differences. That said, the film does run into a few conflicts with the book's story. The
middle of the movie has nowhere to go. It's like a false second act; almost
nothing of major significance occurs in this period of the film. The young
characters wander from scene to scene with nothing much to do and nothing
much to say. We're left with a grand display of eye-popping special effects."Harry Potter" certainly dazzles us with a solid beginning and an engaging
final act, however. We first meet a young wizard boy named Harry Potter
(Daniel Radcliffe). Soon after the film opens, the boy discovers he has
magical powers. He's then thrust into an enchanting world of sorcery, magic,
and witchcraft. He's sent to a school for young wizard children, where he
meets new friends, learns about magic, and participates in fun competitions.
But someone at the school doesn't like Harry, as mysterious events begin to
occur. Harry soon finds himself in the middle of a diabolical scheme of
revenge. Who is the culprit and what do they want with Harry?The film asks some involving questions. Too bad it doesn't give enough depth
to the side characters or subplots. We don't really care about the mystery
because we don't know enough about the suspects. The movie does conclude
with a twist, but it doesn't encourage another examination of the movie. It
lacks a foundation altogether. The story spends so much time foreshadowing
the villain's identity, it is pointless for the story to abandon its
proceeding plot points and develop a new villain at the end. The book gets
away with this; the movie does not. After his gentle "Home Alone" and sweet-natured "Stepmom," many questioned
the ability of director Chris Columbus to bring a sense of darkness to the
story-and for good reason. "Harry Potter" contains charming, likable
characters and a rich pallet of lush, inventive images. Unfortunately, the
film lacks an edge. It's missing the dark atmosphere Rowling's novel so
vividly brought to life. Columbus does construct some memorable sequences,
but the individual scenes themselves are much better than the movie as a
whole.Despite it's childish story and pre-teen characters, many define "Harry
Potter" as a film for all ages. While that's debatable, during my screening,
adults were plowing through the isles every five minutes. Going to the
bathroom? Getting drink refills? Buying concessions? Who knows? But not a
single child budged from their seat. Their eyes were glued to the big
screen. Conclusion: It's a sure-fire experience for children, especially if they've
read the books. But adults may not encounter the same enticement as kids.
Then again, if I had nothing better to do than to count the people leaving
the theater, why am I recommending the film? 

			
Okay I'm gonna say this honestly, I absolutely love this movie. Take in
mind that I've read the novels, I'm a big fan and I watched this movie
for the first time when I was 10. This is a good adaptation of a great
book, but I will say that the only thing that disappoints me now when I
watch it is that I can't help, but imagine what it would have been like
if JK's first choice of director had been picked (Terry Gilliam). Terry
would have definitely been more creative and he probably would have
brought something different to the table. I agree with British film
critic Mark Kermode, Columbus does have a rather "bland and
straight-forward" direction style. Now that may work in some movies,
but not in a fantasy film like Harry Potter. I must say though in his
defense that second movie was much better than the first one, and it
seemed to be an improvement for Chris who was probably a lot more
comfortable with his surroundings, and had a better relationship with
the actors. Still both films are a bit bland in comparison to the rest
of the franchise, most of all if we were to compare the first two, to
the third one which was directed by the wonderful Alfonso Cuarn, who's
style of direction is considerably different from Columbus'. Apart from
the blandness the film is great fun for the whole family, and there's
always a distinctive energy when you're watching a new HP flick in
theaters with a bunch of enthusiastic fans. People are saying now that
Twilight is going to replace HP, but I don't think so. The Twilight fan
base is only a third of the HP fan base, and the film series is close
to been the biggest franchise of all time, and I think they can
actually accomplish that. There's great acting by everyone, most of all
by the Golden Trio, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and the lovely Emma
Watson. Also stand out performances by Maggie Smith as the strict but
fair Professor McGonagall, and Alan Rickman as the "greasy git", also
known as Professor Snape. Richard Harris excels as the Headmaster of
Hogwarts Academy, Dumbledore. He plays Harry's mentor to a tee. And I
have to say I sorely miss him even if Gambon is doing a great job as
his replacement. I just wish Richard would have lived far enough to
finish the film series, but I guess you can't get everything you wish
for.
			
There were many plot changes to accommodate the adaptation of this
literary work to film. But what bothered me more were the obvious
comparisons to the 1986 TV movie "The Worst Witch," in which many of
the main characters of this work seem to have appeared. Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall are obviously different
sides/aspects of Diana Rigg's Hardbroom. Professor Dumbledore, an
obvious male version of Miss Cackle. Harry is Mildred, and Ronald
Weasley is Maud. Furthermore, Draco Malfoy can be found in the Worst Witch, in the form
of Ethel Hallow. Hardbroom gives Mildred nothing but a hard time in
potions class, Miss Spellbinder (Madam Hooch to the HP fans) is trying
to teach the first years how to fly, and they're all getting ready for
a visit from Tim Curry's Grand Wizard (the HP's Minister of Magic).
And, while this group of young witches plays "terror tag" rather than
Quittich, and it is an all girl school instead of going co-ed, the
obvious comparisons are still staggering.But ah, well. No one has sued, so what are we to do?Harry Potter is a young survivor of a dark crusade to silence those in
opposition to an ancient evil. As a baby in his crib, he was spared by
the Grace of his mother's love. Although of "Wizarding" blood, the
attack on young Harry has left him with certain gifts and abilities he
otherwise would not have had. As puberty strikes, so does Hogwarts in
the guise of multiple invitations to attend Hogwarts School of
Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry's subsequent shopping trip to Diagon Alley is very entertaining,
and rich with detail to which you otherwise would not be privy,
concerning the back-story and succeeds in accomplishing character depth
and setting the mood for the rest of the story.The direction by Chris Columbus is creatively wonderful. The
cinematography is outstanding as great attention has been paid to
detail. Details, no matter how small or inconsequential, enrich any
creative work, regardless of the medium. I just hate the fact that
Columbus (as Exec. Producer of this and subsequent HP films) could not
find the time to read ahead through the second book to determine that
there was a pumpkin patch, rocky crags, and a second room on Hagrid's
hut! How much more beautiful would the PoA have been without having to
stomach the sudden changes to accommodate the "TRUE" layout of Hogwarts
grounds?!) The train ride to Hogwarts introduces the main supporting characters;
Ronald Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson).As the "first years" (new students) arrive by boat to Hogwarts Castle,
the look of wonder on all their faces is absolutely believable. When I
first saw this production, I was a bit full of wonder myself. Hogwarts
is beautifully done, every little component of architecture and design
was perpetrated with an intense caring, and great eye for detail. The acting by these young thespians is honest and genuine; truly
professional performances by all involved. Let me also add here that
the casting was top row. They got just the right people for just the
right parts. In my opinion, there was not a single character that was
mis-cast. (I absolutely detest Tom Felton's character, Draco
Malfoy...his acting is brilliant, to elicit such a gut reaction towards
his character.) Maggie Smith is a joy as the hard-lined Professor McGonagall. I've
always loved watching her demonstrate her talents, and her performance
in this production was no exception. Her character is like a roasted
marshmallow...hard and tough on the outside, but with a heart that can
be soft and sweet on the inside. Her treatment of young Harry
demonstrates the love her character felt for his parents, now deceased;
murdered in the dark crusade waged by Voldemort, one of the darkest
wizards ever produced by the House of Slytherin (one of the four Houses
at Hogwarts), and his many followers. Emma Watson positively shines as Hermione Granger. Her performance is
quite believable and lends so MUCH to the movie. Her character was one
of my favorites from the book, and her personification lives up to my
every expectation. She plays the well-(self-) educated neophyte
Witchling VERY well. I cannot wait to see where life leads her in the
future. Robbie Coltrain's character; however, was my favorite among the
teachers. Rubius Hagrid, who says repeatedly, "I shouldn't have said
that," has a heart of pure gold, and the demeanor of a true gentle
giant. No one could've portrayed Hagrid, like Robbie Coltrain. The scenery and mountain footage shot and shown in abundance is
absolutely breath-taking, the direction giving this effort the
professional quality for which I had hoped it would possess. The
effects were stunningly clever and extremely well perpetrated,
brilliantly demonstrating Rowling's extraordinary imagination and
creativity, and perpetuating the magic of her original literary work. I
was pleased with this movie; though not as pleased as I was in reading
the book.Jim Henson's Creature Shop did a marvelous job with the "monsters" in
this movie. Better than I would have expected from Brian (Jim's son)
when you compare his "Muppets From Space" to the earlier Muppet films
done by his dad. Impressive work on Fluffy and Norbert, Brian. Jolly
good show! "There is no good and evil. There is only power, and those too weak to
seek it." Voldemort. The ending is both satisfying and heartwarming. I truly enjoyed this
movie, its characters and its message: you can succeed, no matter your
beginnings or misgivings about yourself. However, while it did not fail
utterly in capturing the atmosphere and overall "feeling" of the spirit
of the first book, it did fall short.This effort earns a large 7.2/10 from...the Fiend :.
			

Before I entered the cinema I was a little worried that the book may have
been picked up and messed around with by the Hollywood machine and the film
pushed out the end, But to my amazement they have kept almost the same.
Several little bits were missing, like the absence of the poltergeist which
I thought may have been quite fun. But a mystic magical adventure not to be
missed!
			
That's it! I give up! I surrender! White flag! My friends want to see
the new Harry Potter that is about to be released this summer, The
Order of Phoenix, but they looked at my like I just lost my head when I
told them I never saw the Harry Potter films. They just said I've seen
every movie yet I never saw Harry Potter? Well, I never saw the point
since I don't read the books or wasn't interested in the films, it
looked like typical kid's stuff to me. But my friends said they would
not take me to see the movie until I've seen the films, it's now that I
realize I got myself into trouble since these movies are all 2+ hours
each. I just finished the first one a couple days ago.Harry Potter lives with an extremely cruel family, but there is
something different about him, he can talk to snakes and make things
appear and disappear. Well, he receives a letter, he's a wizard! Not
just any wizard, he is the only wizard ever to survive the wrath of
Voldemort, the most wicked wizard. Harry goes to a magical school,
Hogwarts, where he learns the truth of his heroic parents and meets two
other wizards, Ron and Hermione who soon become his best friends and
they discover the power of the sorcerer's stone and what might happen
if it's put into the wrong hands.Harry Potter I have to admit is off to a good start with me, it had
wonderful and magical effects that anyone could enjoy. The actors were
just so perfectly cast, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, John Cleese, we
have some of England's most brilliant actors. It's a well made film,
now I still haven't read the books, so I can't base this film on a
comparison. Even if I did, this is the movie and the movie itself is a
magical and enchanting experience. Well, I'm onto The Chamber of
Secrets, wish me luck.7/10
			
As a kid back in 2001 I was a huge fan of Harry Potter I thought it was
really good back in the day but as time went by I noticed that the
films were getting darker. The first Harry Potter film centers on Harry Potter(Daniel
Radcliffe)who was left at the footsteps by Professor Dumbledore and
Maggie Smith's character many years ago when Harry was just a baby as
Harry's parents died and its not safe for Harry to be with Dumbledore
since a charcther called he who must not be named(Voldermort)wants him
dead. Years later and Harry ends up living with his aunt and uncle who
treat Harry like dirt. Of course what Harry doesn't know is that his
really a wizard and is sent to Hogwarts where he meets Ron
Weasley(Rupert Grint) and sassy bookworm Hermoine Granger(Emma Watson
in her movie debut)who become friends with Harry and complete together
in the wizardry classes.Harry later meets a giant called Hagrid(Robbie
Coltry) and the two become close. But when a new teacher starts in
Hogwarts Professor Quill,Harry's forehead starts stinging(since he has
a thunder mark on his forehead). Who is Professor Quill and is he all
he seems?Overall I enjoyed this one a lot as a kid,I haven't seen it in years as
I used to have it on VHS but no longer have it. The effects are very
good and the acting is solid too. Radcliffe IS Harry Potter no question
about it he nailed it as Harry Potter from 2001 to 2012. Be warned
though as the last 15 minutes of this may scare younger children
especially when one character turns out to be "He Who Must Not Be
Named" but is possessing a character. 7/10
			
Undoubtedly targeted at a very young audience, there's a certain degree
of magic dancing around this picture that makes it easily-accessible to
adults as well. Although my own childhood was long gone by the time
this hit theaters, watching it today was like leaping back through time
to an age filled with innocence and wonder. That effect does
occasionally get lathered on a bit thick, but a speedy pace and densely
populated realm are usually enough to compensate for such moments. JK
Rowling's rich, sprawling, imaginative world is downright hypnotizing
on the screen, loaded with treats and treasures, and it's tough to look
away for even an instant. Although the CGI work is distractingly bad in
a few instances (it very nearly ruins the Quidditch match), the child
actors are average at best and there isn't much adversity to our
heroes' hunt for the MacGuffin Stone, it's still a cheery, entertaining
introduction to a universe that's positively buzzing with potential.
			
By January 2013 I had never read a Harry Potter book or seen any of the
movies. I decided to start with the movies.I've always avoided Harry Potter as what little I had heard about the
books and movies did not appeal to me. The one thing that I had seen
was a sequence from this first film of the Quidditch game and this was
enough to put me off for all the intervening years. There are plenty of
interesting theories on the origin of witches and broomsticks but kids
using broomsticks to play a ball game is not one of them. This sequence
was still the one I really, really disliked in the film and I groaned
every time Quidditch sequences appeared in subsequent films.Two things surprised me about this film (and was borne out by the
subsequent ones). Firstly they aren't about magic and witchcraft at
all. In fact the nearest anyone ever gets to magic is waving a wand a
speaking a couple of cod Latin words. Secondly they are primarily about
life in a boarding school and perhaps should have been called "Harry of
the Second Remove and his Magic Wand" or perhaps "Hermione of the Sixth
and her  " (On second thoughts let's not go there).None of these comments mean that I did not like the film nor that I
thought it was bad. On the contrary, once I got past my preconceptions,
I thoroughly enjoyed this excellent family film. It worked brilliantly
on the level of Harry's ill treatment at the hands of his adoptive
parents, his integration into the school and the beginning of the
introduction of the external threats to his world. It was well
directed, funny and always engaging.The young cast did well although they clearly had a long way to go.
Daniel Radcliffe sometimes looked as though he had been well tutored in
the art of pulling particular faces to express different emotions
though his eyes didn't always show he had internalised them. Rupert
Grint was probably the best of the young actors. The adult actors were
uniformly good and the decision to work only with British thesps was
clearly the right one.
			
This was a really well done movie. I was really intrigued to see how
well they would portray the book on film and I must say, they did a
fantastic job. There were undoubtedly some major and minor differences
but I felt almost all of these were perfectly fine. Obviously it's
impossible to include every aspect but there were some things that I
think they could've/should've done differently. For one, I understand
you can't add everything and that some things might have to be changed
in order to make the movie work but if that's the case, why add things
that are completely unnecessary? For example, the moving stairs. As for
the things taken out or changes, I have no problem with all of them,
except one. In the end when they're making their way through the
various challenges, they took out Snape's potion riddle. To me, that
was the second most important and memorable challenge of them all
behind the chess challenge. This would've only added another minute or
two and should've been included in the movie. Nonetheless, this was a
well done book-to-movie adaptation. The acting of some of the students
left a little to be desired but it wasn't too bad and I've heard it
improves as they, and the book/movies age.
			

I have read all four of the Harry Potter books, and was very excited about
seeing the movie, and for the most part, was not disapointed. I found it to
be very fast going and completely entertaining. The acting was remarkable.
All the kids looked just like they should of, and had the acting skills to
match their looks. I only found a better child  actor in Haley Joel Osment.
The other actors also did an excellant job, most notibly Maggie Smith,
Richard Harris and Alan Rickman. Minus a few details, the movie was very
close to the book...For what was there. They skipped a LOT os scenes, which
is excusable, I mean, it was nearly 3 hrs as it was. One of my biggest
complaints was the Visual Effects. When ever they made a character or
creature completely out of Special Effects it looked horribly fake. The
Ogre, Cenatour, Fluffy, Nobert, Voldermort all looked horrible. The Scorpion
king form The Mummy Returns looked better then they did. I supose they
weren't so bad, but after seeing Final Fantasy and movies like that, I can't
help thinking of how much better they could of done them. But not all of the
effects looked horrible, in fact some were spectacular, like Quidditch. It
was so well done, it made me smile with gratification while watching it. The
special effects, the choreography, everything was perfect. I was also very
impressed by Hogwarts. The art design and special effects were stunning,
esspecially when the paintings moved, very well done. I was also highly
impressed by the camera work and directing of the film. The way they
captured the exploding stone of the chess pieces was fantastic. Overall,
very good, I just wished they put more time and energy into the special
effects made creatures, but besides that, excellant. 
			

Harry Potter and the Sorcerers  Stone, while having wonderful special
effects, did not meet the praise that it has received from so many people.
The actors and actresses weren't very believable, but i guess i should have
expected that since it was their first time in a big movie.  Hopefully as
they are in the other movies they will get better and better.  However, I
still enjoyed the film very much.  The scenery, the special effects, and
all
of the witchcraft made up for the other not-so-good stuff.
			

Pros: Does justice to the book; excellent acting; good special effects.Cons: Not suitable for very young children; confusing storyline for those
who haven't read the book(s).Need I write about the plot, when all four of the Harry Potter books have
done so well and have been devoured by children and adults alike? To
briefly
enlighten those of you who, for some reason, (weren't you at least
curious???) haven't even opened a Harry Potter book...Harry Potter is an 11-year-old orphan who is admitted into the Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, mostly because his parents, who were
killed by an evil magician when he was a baby, graduated from there.Each book of the series focuses on one academic year in the life of young
Harry. The reader 'grows' with the character.The first book, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, is more of an
introduction than a book on its own, a sketch, rather than a complete
painting. That is why, in my opinion at least, it shouldn't have been made
into a movie in the first place. You would think a 2 1/2 hour-long
adaptation should be sufficient. But it's not. Although it does justice to
the book, especially in the portrayal of the characters (they're exactly
as
you would picture them to be!), it skips out many parts of the book. And
since the book itself wasn't 'complete', how can you expect a movie
adaptation to be completely fulfilling? I think the movie is almost
incomprehensible to most of those who haven't read, not the book, but the
entire series! The beginning must have puzzled them a great deal, and the
ending was obviously rushed. The details revolving around the sorcerer's
stone itself don't translate well from page to screen. Too many questions
are left unanswered.
And the satirical fun that made the books such an entertaining read was
almost absent in the film.I can't stress enough on how fine the children's performance was. Daniel
Radcliffe IS Harry Potter, at least physically he is. His expressions are
very convincing. Unfortunately, director Chris Columbus doesn't allow his
'inner' feelings to surface much, except in one scene when Harry discovers
a
magical mirror that reflects one's deepest desires. It is only then that
we
feel Harry's pain for the loss of his parents. Also, the director doesn't
succeed much in portraying Harry's miserable life when he is staying with
his aunt, uncle and his fat cousin Dudley. In the book, he is the main
character because we are allowed into his confused, painful, and sometimes
happy feelings, in the movie he is the main character mostly because the
title says so.
Rupert Grint, who plays Ron, Harry's first and closest friend at school
(my
favorite character, actually!) was simply magnificent. His mimics when he
is
scared or confused are just adorable!
Emma Watson (the slightly irritating but studious and audacious Hermione)
was remarkable in her 'show-off' scenes.
The adult characters were fine, but what is more important is that none of
the kids were annoying or whiny.I was very disappointed with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named/Lord Voldemort
though.
The magician gave me the chills in the books, but was almost unnoticeable
in
the film. You would say: "What??? THAT killed Harry Potter's parents? THAT
is terrorizing the entire community of magicians that they wouldn't even
speak out his name? Puhleeeeeeze! Even a kid watching this wouldn't feel
the
'threat' of the character."The hair and makeup were very well done, especially on Hermione, the
gatekeeper Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane), Headmaster Albus Dumbledore (an
almost
unrecognizable Richard Harris, folks!) and all of the female professors.
The
creatures however, especially the Centaur and the Goblin, looked very
fake.
Even the centaurs in Xena and Hercules looked more credible, for as much
as
a mythological character can look real anyway. ;)The effects involving the indoors of Hogwarts were surprisingly fantastic.
I
was impressed with the ghosts and the 'active' characters in the
paintings.The setting was great! Hogwarts is THE fantasy place to be; a medieval
castle with almost limitless proportions, moving staircases, elegant
dormitories with vivid colors...And mouthwatering, well presented dishes
for
meals, folks! In contrast, the Black Forest has a dark and terrifying
ambience, with predominant black and dark blue colors, as well as the
inevitable thick mist.The soundtrack was fantastic; it provided a suitable background for the
'suspenseful' and 'witchy' parts of the movie. However, I could swear I
heard an adaptation of the Wedding March in some scenes!
Odd...I'll lighten up now, and conclude by saying that the overall movie was
quite
enjoyable, entertaining, etc.etc. Suitable for both children (not too
young
though, some scenes might scare them!) and adults. You will not get bored.
But you might get confused. And it might leave you slightly unsatisfied.Your answer to this would be: "Hey, be thankful that the book had material
for at least 8 hours of film, yet it had been compressed into a 2
hour-and-a-half flick."
Well then, why make this into a movie at all? Why not make this into a
mini-series? That would surely be a success. Every season will cover one
of
the books. And, as a series, it would seem perfectly normal if many
questions were left unanswered during a few episodes.
			

J K Rowling is a marvelous story teller.  I have enjoyed her writings, but
to grasp the world of Harry Potter and his quest, repeated readings are
recommended.In the same way, the film must be seen more than once (you're welcome,
Warner Bros.) to rank it fairly.  I agree there were several parts of the
book omitted or downplayed that should have been in the film.The film makers should heed the outcry of the purist and try to include
pertinent characters and circumstances in the future.  Unfortunately they
cannot print a revised edition, or can they?I went to see it with friends and family.  I don't think my youngest
grandson got all of the nuances of the pictures, but Hagrid's entrance
scared the heck out of him, but only for a few minutes.  His brother loved
it and he is five.I rank the film below the book, but much higher than some of the art of
cinema presently on your neighborhood screen.Harry comes in with a 7 on his House Cup finals.
			

When I have read the book, I have thought that it would make a great
movie and adapt it very well. But after I've seen the movie, I feel like
I'm reading a different book!The characters are well imaged as many children and I would have
imagined. (except for some minor characters who are completely diffrent
from my point of view). As for Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), he got
the look for it but not the charm to be one. He acts very well but not
as how Harry felt on the book. The other children cast are well chosen.Some of them have got the spirit to this movie, others act very well,
some of them are show offs. As for the adult casts, The people have the
charisma to act but for some of them they are rather in the weak sort of
characters when the are supposed to be in one of the strongest
link.The movie adapts some of the parts well and explains it very well. But
most of them are muddled up and some of the parts have came to soon or
too late. They have missed some of the quotes that happened on the story
and sometimes ending up in a confusion. One of the scenes that I have
found out was never mentioned or completely telling a diffrent story!
But for the positive scene that I saw have been well discovered and it
bring the story to the movie but most of them are mentioned too soon.
Some of the parts are told wrongly. But still it has some scene which
brings out from the book.The Scenery however, was the part that I was very impressed of.
Hogwarts, for example has the right kind of place and image to the movie
and well designed for the dormitory and the forest. Some of the scenes
looks scary to realize the children that that's how it happened. Most of
the scene especially Platform 9 3/4 has a great view as shown to the
book. The sound  is also very good as it brings the feeling to the
cinema to your seat. The sound is loud, scary (sort of) and full of
excitement that the kids will love. But as for the adventure, It's so
lack. Even though some of the scenes are fully packed or scary that the
characters have experienced, it suddenly feels like it's not enough. The
major fight however, has the effects to see who is winning or will Harry
die and so forth. But it rather feels like Harry has too little
adventure as it was shown in the book. In the book, it had many but in
the movie, it feels like it's not enough to excite the audience. The
adventure is very lack in this movie.So, to conclude this, Harry Potter is a great movie to watch and very
recommendable for the children aged 8 to 12, but as for the older
people, it may find some disappointment as the actions are too little
and it doesn't stand the quality to impress them. But as for me, it's
good but the book is way better. I wonder if the second one is any
better? Say, I think "Lord of the rings" might be better than
th
			

I find that the challenge of acting is too great for the three young
protagonists. Strangely enough the same applies to most other actors.Maybe they needed a little more magic ...Only Severus Piton really shows depth.Otherwise I find the film to be quite good especially at the
scenographies,
effects and photography.My kids (and my mother) enjoyed it thoroughly though ...
			

I couldn't help the feeling of emptiness after watching Harry Potter. The
movie is wonderfully rendered. Acting is great. The only problem is that,
the movie was either on a tight budget or on time contraints.Watching the movie, you can't help but get the feeling that the director is
trying to put as many aspects of the original novel into the movie that he
doesn't give any of them justice.For instance, Harry's family, they are protrayed sarcastically in the start
and then completely forgotten, even Harry doesn't seem to recall they exist.Another example, is this Centaur that jumps in, saves Harry, and leaves. To
people who read the novel, they might know who that is and feel empowered by
such knowledge.. To the majority that didn't.. They are left feeling that a
scene in which the centaur tells Harry who he is should be
there.And so the movie goes, after a slow calm start, the movie runs in similar
fashion, at first portraying Harry's miserable childhood, and then quickly
leaving that and taking you to Hogwarts where the movie portrays the wonders
of the school and then leaves them there and shifts focus to the sorcerer's
stone and Voldemort. And just when you get emersed into that, the final
conflict is quickly upon you and it is one of the weakest final conflicts
you have ever seen in a fantasy movie. There is no real battle.. No grand
finale, no suspense. Nothing. Just a dead end. Perhaps the Novel had more to
offer, but the movie did not, and so a better ending was in
order.And so, after leaving the movie, you feel pleased and disappointed. Every
rendering of one aspect of Harry's story was accurate, the problem is that
the sum of it didn't really fit together well nor did it do the story well.
In fact, if there was one theme to the whole movie, it would be the four
houses that the apprentices are inducted into. Which is sad because there
are greater themes in the novel itself, but this is the only theme that
flows through out the movie. Everything else pops in and then quickly pops
out again.I think the best solution to this problem would be to make the movie
longer.. At least an extra hour of film is missing from this rendition of
the Harry Potter stories. This is why I felt the movie was cut short for
some reason. Any one can feel it. Every rendering that took place was
accurate, but not one rendering gave justice to the original
novel.
			

Overall, the film is very impressive, working well as a tribute to the
book,
without compromising on it's entertainment value as a film.However, my one gripe with the film, was the actors playing the leads. I
realise it must be hard to find child actors who fit specific physical
descriptions, such as the detailed one about Harry Potter laid down in the
books, but the ones that they found were certainly less than impressive.
Wooden at best and hamstrung at their worst.Other than that, very enjoyable.
			

Well, I would expect more from the most expected movie of the year. But if
I
start thinking what EXACTLY I would expect, I would hardly find an answer.
The technical capabilities of the film-makers allow to create very
astonishing and exciting special effects, but when it comes to magic,
something even more special has to be done about it. I mean, I didn't
really
see a lot of magic on the screen - rather the special effects. The magic
objects are acting on their own, not by the magic forces. A "magic" seen
in
a circus is more real than that seen in the "Harry Potter", most likely
because the actors' play and the special effects are filmed separately and
then mixed together. Consequently, the actors (mostly children) have to
perform "as if", i.e. standing in the green room or somewhere and
imagining
a magic happening next to them and expressing emotions to the void. For
me,
this is the explanation why the characters are not that "live" and made up
mostly of the cliches: a wicked guy always grins, a smart girl always
manifests her outstanding knowledge, a clumsy boy would always fail to
cast
the spells. As I didn't read the book, I can't tell if the characters in
the
book are same flat and stereotypical, but I have an impression that it's
the
easiness of reading that contributed to the great popularity of the book.
And I really doubt about the success of the movie because the flatness of
the book would offer one to imagine what is not described, while the
flatness of the movie leaves the "imagination tanks" in one's mind filled
but partly.
			

There have been some truly excellent reviews, so I just wanted to add a few
strokes which the previous people might have missed.The Director swore to stay close to the book and he did that. Too close in
fact, so to those of us who are familiar with the book and see movies as an
art form in itself it looked like a series of excellent illustrations with
moving characters in them (like illustrations in all the magical books
should be :)
I was curious how it would look to someone who had NOT read the book (yes
however hard it is to believe, but such people do exist), and I found one.
Her reaction was: "It was a very pretty cartoon strip".And finally the Quidditch (?sp?) Match was perhaps a bit too long and had
too much influence of G. Lucas (not that either are necessary bad things -
it was very visual).GO SEE IT (if you haven't yet), but do read the book first and try to get it
on the biggest screen there is around).
			

Everywhere I looked, there was always something about Harry Potter. As the
hype began to get bigger and bigger, my curiosity got the better of me and
I
fell into the trap of reading the first book. To my surprise, I was
totally
engrossed in the story from start to finish. Being in my 20s, I was
sceptical about a book aimed at a younger age group, but I found that you
do
not have to be young, only young at heart to enjoy it.However, the movie left me feeling a little disappointed. Visually, it was
fantastic to watch, especially the Quidditch match, but the screenplay did
not live up to the standards of the book. I realize that not every little
detail can be included into an already quite long movie, but some of the
details which were omitted from the movie may have left some Harry Potter
first-timers lost or detached from the main characters.Audiences could not warm to Harry as his character was very one
dimensional
and there was a blink-and-you'll-miss explanation of why he was so
special.
This left audiences in the dark and they could not relate to the character
and his plight. Harry was boring and there seemed to be nothing special
about him at all. Ron Weasley however, was the highlight of the movie,
with
the casting being more accurate to the book than that of
Harry.
Overall, this was a good movie and kids will surely enjoy it. For adults
who
have read the book though, they may be a bit more nitpicky and be left
feeling a bit disappointed.

			

A good second-class movie!  I mean, the story is not really perfect.  But
visual effect is good, and I like the girl Hermione(performed by Emma
Watson), I should remember this name, and see her future
performances!
			

Unfortunately, the film cannot stand alone, without support of the
book, and the viewers that did not read the book would find it long,
boring, not accentuated.
The suspense scenes are not suspenseful enough and the funny scenes
are not funny enough.
One of the subplots of the book is teaching Neville Longbottom to
stand up for himself. The movie skips the moments of Malfoy's bullying
Neville and thus the 10 points for Gryffindor in the end don't seem
logical. It seems this is the result of poor editing. Some scenes were
cut to make the movie shorter without taking into account the
following scenes.
Definitely, the movie is very politically correct avoiding calling
Hermione a witch. That's funny but, unfortunately, this kills one of
the funniest episodes in the book.The special effects were good. The quidich game was simply great.
Hogwarts was great too, especialy the Great Hall. But Hagrid's cabin
had to be wooden.The characters were not bad, especially bossy Hermione and Ron. Snape
and Quirell were, weak, underdevelopped, however.
I gave it 7/10. Perhaps a little bit too high. It is not a masterpiece
but an enjoyable illustration to the book.
			
The movie ran as if it were a series of highlight clips from an actual
film representation of the fourth harry potter novel. Details were
thrown in haphazardly, if for no other reason than to bring a feeling
of recognition from readers. If the viewer had not read the book, but
only seen the previous two movies, s/he would not have understood the
movie. The screenwriters created no semblance complicated plot, but
rather the rather single-minded story of the three tasks in the
tri-wizard tournament. All new characters were hardly introduced and
remained quite one-dimensional, which is unfortunate; even old
favorites got the shaft in this one. There was no time for more than
two short scenes with either Malfoy, no magical lessons, and Dobby the
house elf was completely absent. Crouch never disappeared, but his body
was found dead. The cinematics in this case were atrocious: Harry
appears in Dumbledore's chambers in the scene immediately after
discovering Crouch's body, but then proceeds to tell him about his scar
hurting and dreams rather than Crouch's discovery. There was no magical
map, no late-night encounters with Moody, no discussion of Snape and
Karkaroff's relationship, nor of Dumbledore trusting Snape. Seeing as
this relationship will rise to be the single most prominent issue in
the entire series, I was very disappointed to find it was ignored in
favor of large and ineffective theatrics, such as a hedge maze without
any traps, only shifting walls and evil roots, an extremely obnoxious
modernized yule ball, and a pointlessly drawn out dragon chase scene.
Dumbledore's lines and the directing of his acting made him look like
an old, bumbling fool, rather than the clever, most-powerful-wizard on
the planet, the only person of whom Voldemort is afraid. The writers
decided to add Crouch Jr. into Harry's dreams, completely removed the
second house-elf and the invisibility cloak from the quidditch world
cup, and had the audacity to explain that Crouch Jr. had been sent to
Azkaban, but never explained his escape. Finally, the movie ended with
Crouch Jr. being sent back to Azkaban. The Minister of Magic never
showed up with dementors to kill Crouch, Dumbledore never argued with
him about the verity of Harry's claims, and the potential for an
amazing cliff-hanger conclusion with Dumbledore in all his might giving
orders to Hagrid and others as a general before the final battle, was
instead replaced by a horrible attempt at a eulogy combining direct
quotations from the novel with poor scriptwriting to make Dumbledore
out to be a poor speaker as well as incompetent wizard. I shudder to
think how the next movie will have to deal with all of these plot gaps,
and how Dumbledore can hope to maintain any semblance of respectability
when he trusts Snape and continues to avoid Harry in the fifth movie.
Much better would have been to stick with the original idea and make
two movies. This movie didn't feel like it had any plot, one did not
become attached to the characters, and spent the movie groaning or
laughing at the contrived immaturity of it all. Some acting by Harry
and friends was good, but it was overshadowed by a terrible attempt to
fit everything and nothing into the movie.
			
There are a lot of things wrong with this movie and the part that's
really wrong are the characters. 1000 words aren't enough to explain
everything so I'll have to be brief. The worst character is Dumbledore.
What version of him Kloves & Newell see I have no idea.. I mean, have
they read the books at all? Would Albus Dumbledore, one of the greatest
wizards alive manhandle one of his own students, especially his
favorite student? I should think not. Would he use Harry as bait to
lure Voldemort out of hiding? Same answer as above, NO. Gambon can't
play him to save his life, Richard Harris could, he had the twinkle in
his eyes... something that makes Dumbledore so special. Gambon just
comes off as a lunatic.If it isn't broken, why change it? So why change the first task? Why is
Harry getting attacked by the dragon as soon as he leaves the tent? In
the book he get's on his Firebolt first... he doesn't run around and
almost die for 5 minutes. But then, finally he's in the air and I
thought they'd stick to what's in the book but no. There is a chain
instead of the dragon being a nesting mother, protecting its eggs.
Instead of Harry luring the dragon to get airborne by gently guiding it
upwards, teasing it, tempting it, we get this chain that breaks (What
happened to the new security measures?) and a stupid dragon that
forgets it can fly and has to climb instead.The second task. This is where a part of me died inside. When Harry
get's pushed in by Moody and doesn't re-surface at once Neville goes
South Park. "Oh my god, I killed Harry Potter!". I'm sorry but Kloves,
Newell or just about ANYONE involved in the making of this movie, how
on earth could you let him say that! South Park quotes, although
hilarious and one of my absolute favorite shows of all time has no
right to be in a HP movie! Didn't you think we'd notice!? *exhale, calm
down* The third task. What happened to the Sphinx? What about the
Acromantula, we do know they exist thanks to Chris Columbus, why
couldn't Harry help Cedric out there instead? So you skipped the
Blast-Ended Screwts but you could have at least given us one of the
other two...The graveyard. This scene is very right and very wrong at the same
time. Wormtail (Who was just awful in PoA) is just as bad here, and
what is wrong with the other Death Eaters? Wormtail including the
others are terrified that Voldemort is actually back! One of them
flings himself onto the ground, crawling towards Voldemort while
begging for forgiveness and kissing his robes, and get's tortured in
the book. I think Ralph does a good job of Voldemort, since the make up
or whatever they used makes it hard for him to really use his face
which is basically the real problem. Where are those red slits for
eyes? They're what really makes him creepy in the book... but then
again (Yes Kloves & Newell, I'm pointing at you) where is his thirst
for repayment of his 13 lost years? I didn't see it at all. There is
also a BIG problem with the name Voldemort. It is said out loud at the
QWC after the Death Eaters have had a go at the tents but no one
shudders? They don't even use You-Know-Who, they actually say
Voldemort? Where's the gasps when Dumbledore says Voldemort in front of
the whole school? This is something established so early in the series,
did you actually forget it?Why is Harry wearing the newest Levis jeans... what happened to him
wearing Dudleys old cast-offs? Perhaps Hermione has done some shopping
for him since she apparently has taken a liking to pink clothes.. what
was wrong with the blue dress she had in the book? Is blue a more
expensive color to make a dress in or something? Or is it because we
have to see her girlie side in GoF? First you took her bushy hair...
now the pink dress.. I don't even want to know what's going to happen
to her in Order of the Phoenix. Also, who the hell was Nigel? Why not
use Colin or Dennis Creevey? They're already established characters for
gods sake! What happened to Filch? When did he stop being bitter, evil
and quite frankly a real bastard? He's the caretaker that wants to whip
students, hang them from their ankles in the dungeons dammit, not some
idiot jumping around and firing off cannons... and why on earth is
McGonagall teaching them how to dance? Would she order a student to
place his hand on her waist? I don't think so... even if you haven't
read the books you must have noticed that she'd never do that.I think the only good thing about this whole movie was Ginny. She
showed me that she can act (She just didn't get much screen time in
Chamber of Secrets, even if she was very promising), that she's sweet
and has a temper! Finally a character that's actually working! Although
I really did miss the moment where Ron suggests that she can go with
Harry to the Yule-Ball. Sure, there's action, there's cool special
effects but it's just not what the STORY is about and the story is what
makes Harry Potter special, something more then your regular Hollywood
script action movie. It, just like PoA get's an extremely well deserved
1.
			
This is the worst conversion of book to screenplay in the whole series.
From the first scene where there are characters in the movie scene that
are not in the book scene, to added scenes in the storyline, to
radically changed scenes in the triwizard trials, this screenplay bares
only a passing resemblance to the book. The book was fine, and had
plenty of drama and excitement at the needed times. there was no need
to rewrite the story, only trim it down for runtime.I was very disappointed watching this, and surprised to see that it was
the same screenwriter as the first three films, since this was of such
substantially lower quality.And the director completely wasted Brendan Gleeson as Moody. This is an
incredibly talented actor, and should have been an anchor of the movie.
instead, he's almost nothing like the character in the book, even going
as far as substituting a metal leg for the wood one. he's practically a
footnote to the whole movie.And the final showdown in the graveyard felt incredibly rushed. there's
been four movies and 1500 pages of book building to this scene, the
scene were everyone finally sees Voldemort in the flesh, and watches
him duel with Harry. this should have been a powerful climax, yet is
over almost as soon as it's begun.bottom line, get a new director, and a new screenwriter for the next
one. if the climax at the Ministry of Magic is as bad as the climax of
this movie, the series will lose a lot of fans.
			
If you read the book the movie sucks. What happened to the whole Rita
Skeeter scandal? What happened to the Hogsmeade trips and visiting
Sirius? What happened to the Weasley's coming to watch Harry and Fluer
meeting Bill? What happened to the tournament winnings that Harry gave
to Fred and George? What happened to Dumbledore explaining the fact
that Harry and Voldemort's wands had the same core, and that the
feather came from Fawkes? Why didn't they play out Ron and Harry's
fight better? What happened to Viktor talking to Harry about his
feelings for Hermione? Where was Dobby? Why didn't Harry see Barty
Crouch Jr. sneaking into Snape's storage? Why didn't Harry ask about
Neville's parents? Didn't Belatrix Lestrange torture Neville's parents?
			
this movie was horrible. all that you get from it is a very basic plot
outline. there are huge time gaps, changes in scenes, and total
disregard for what happens in the book. all of the subtle nuances that
make the harry potter series great are missing from this movie. some
scenes are completely changed from the book. the horntail scene, world
cup scene, and many many others are completely redone. this being said,
there were some impressive CGI effects done. the world cup stadium,
though they do not seat harry and his friends in the correct place, and
do not show the match its self (which was personally very
disappointing, because i had been looking forward to seeing the match
quite a lot) is, as a CGI work alone, very impressive, as is the maze
at the end. despite these minor interesting details, the majority of
the movie is very poorly done in relation to the book. accordingly,
this is easily the worst of the four movies released to date.
			
It was toooooo rushed. The length of this book should have been matched
with a movie the caliber of the lord of the rings movies. It was too
unfaithful to the books and left out many characters or made them too
small. Rita Skeeter was barely in it, you didn't feel the evil that
should have emanated from her. Plus, nothing happened to her at the
end. If these movies are to be the standard for Harry Potter movies to
come, true fans should be disgusted. Dobby, Winky, Ludo Bagman,
Hogwarts classes in general, other students, the Dursleys, Ton-Tongue
toffees, all gone. Shunted to the side was the whole graveyard scene,
Voldemort wasn't scary at all, Dumbledore was almost violent to Harry.
Overall, there wasn't enough time in the film to give the characters
their due limelight. With Rita Skeeter not caught, no Winky, Sirius
almost non-existent, the next movie will probably sink as low as this
one and its predecessors. If these books are so long, the movies should
be made longer.
			
A fabulous film -- if you haven't read the books. Really exciting, and
nothing left out -- if you haven't read the books. However, if you have
read the books, it is a complete and utter disappointment. I went into
the theater thinking, 'This shouldn't be too bad,' but, after seeing
what they did to Mad-Eye Moody (i.e. the HUGE BLACK STRAP) I wasn't all
that thrilled. Dumbledore - completely out of character. During one
scene, he actually shakes Harry and yells in others. The Albus
Dumbledore of the books is a wise, calm old man, not a raging but
clueless crackpot. Many things are left unexplained; such as Neville's
fear of the Cruciatus (sp?) curse, and what exactly happens to Barty
Crouch (senior). Of course, if you have read the book, you know exactly
what is going on, but as an innocent movie-goer who has never even
glanced in the books, you are left wondering. And as Emma Watson
already being quite pretty, the supposed transformation when she
appears at the Yule Ball is muted and almost nonexistent; it simply
that she put her hair up. All house-elves are not mentioned at all.
S.P.E.W. is gone (though, despite it being a interesting subject in the
book, it wasn't particularly important to the story). And it is Neville
who gives Harry the gillyweed, instead of Dobby. Of course, that still
works quite well, as Neville is so good at Herbology. But, did anyone
think that Voldemort was far too jolly? Or is that just me? 'Oh, Harry,
I'd almost forgotten you were there!' Can you honestly picture that
coming from the great Dark Lord's mouth? There were many other examples
during that scene; it was extremely annoying. As for the Dark Mark
appearing in the sky, it comes too late. The tents are set on fire
(where are the people suspended in the sky?) and everyone is running.
Yes, that's reason to be scared, but surely the Dark Mark appearing is
far better. So, after everyone has left, who should come along but
Barty Crouch Jr. Then he fires the Dark Mark into the sky, and the
producer thinks, 'Oh, good. We've got that in the story; people
shouldn't complain.' Nope; wrong. He fires it a bit too late. After
EVERYONE has left he brings out what should have started the terror.
How stupid. (And it was also disappointing when they only made one
comment that might suggest who won the World Cup. I'm Irish; I would
have been very pleased if they had made that a bit more apparent. While
we're on the subject of Barty Crouch Jr., I will bring up that his
character totally changed. Instead of being this sniveling, scared
young man who calls out to his father in desperation only to have Barty
(senior) say, "You're no son of mine," we have him as a weird,
explosive monster who comes up and licks his lips at his dad and is
all, "Nyehehehe. Hello, Father." The 'son of mine' line only works if
you make Barty (Jr.) a proper, terrified, misunderstood boy. And
Sirius. Gary Oldman makes no actual appearance; how do we even know
that it was him who was talking to Harry? And that was done horribly.
Instead of Sirius's head appearing in the flames, we have a grotesque
thing (that did not look anything like Sirius) popping out of the
embers. And also, when Harry sends off his letter to Sirius at the
beginning, it is clearly marked on the front to go to Sirius Black. But
how ridiculous! His letter could have been intercepted, and then
everyone would know that Sirius was somewhere nearby, and that someone
(if they weren't one of the people who knew either Harry's handwriting
or Harry's owl) was in contact with him. But, as for the acting and the
special effects, it was all fine.
			
first off this was a sloppy fast tracked Hollywood (get it out for the
holidays) project . if you read the book or listened to the audio book
you would know what i mean. right from the beginning it is wrong no
tavern scene , harry wakes up at at ron's house from the dream ? no
durdleys no fireplace pickup to take harry to the world cup . no house
elfs liberation front no actual showing of serious black . i understand
that to make this book a movie it would have to be 5 hours long but
honestly the dragon scene is nothing like the book you never see anyone
but harry fight a dragon. Harry's dragon scene was added to not like
the book the dragon does not land on a roof or chase harry through the
country side ... I hope when you see this movie you buy the book and
read it cover to cover i guarantee you a much better experience . of
all the books and movies this one leaves the most out . and to see
dumbledoor running around like a nervous idiot is just wrong . trust me
if you are a true fan you will be extremely disappointed like i am .
get peter jackson to do the rest of the movies (someone with attention
to detail )
			
TO be honest, this was my favourite book of all of them so far and
frankly i was shocked at how terrible it really was. For gods sake will
you choose a SUITBALE Dumbledore?? Its really depressing to see a
wannabee actor playing the great wizard. All the good parts were
missing from the book!! We didn't see David Tennant have his soul
sucked which was rubbish, for goodness sake, get it together with
amateur acting man!! I wasted my money and I certainly won't be buying
this twaddle on DVD. I hope they pick it up for the next one as I
immensely enjoyed "The Order Of The Phoneix" and its structure. I
advise anyone with a likeness to the book, PLEASE Don't SEE IT!!!!
			
At the time this film came out, I was convinced that it indicated that
the longer the Harry Potter book, the worse the film. Now, with Harry
Potter and the Order of the Phoenix out, I am relieved that this isn't
the case -- instead, I now fully comprehend how thoroughly bad this
picture is.It starts out good enough with a dark, scary and well directed scene
where Voldemort feels immensely more menacing than he is at the end of
the film. Then we cut to our beloved protagonist, squirming in his bed
at the Dursl-- no, wait a minute, that's the Burrow! Damn, I think,
Newell weaselled (no pun intended) me out of seeing my favourite nasty
relatives. Oh, well, at least I'll get to enjoy the weirdness of the
Weasley home for a whil-- no, strike that, apparently they're heading
straight to the Quidditch World Cup.I think you see The Goblet of Fire's main flaw. It lies not in the
acting, as usual carried out by Britain's finest, nor, I don't think,
in the screen writing, as Mr. Steve Kloves acquitted himself well
enough in the three previous outings. No - it's the directing. It's as
if first-timer Mike Newell weighed the seven-hundred page book in his
hand and said to himself "oh, how will I ever fit all this into one
film?". The film jumps, at a maddening, jerky pace that makes you want
to cry out, "but I wanted to see that!" Case in point: Harry and the
Weasleys barely have the time to find their seats at the Stadium,
before the game's over and we're inside their tent again. Mind you, I
wasn't exactly a fan of the Quidditch game in the book, but at least a
glimpse of it -- a teensy little montage? A minute of Death
Eater-induced panic later, and we're on the Hogwarts Express. Half a
second of Cho Chang later, and we're at Hogwarts, seeing the
Beauxbatons and Durmstrang schools arrive - apparently on the same day.
What on earth they're doing there so early is anyone's guess, since the
Triwizard Tournament still doesn't seem to start until Halloween, which
would allow for nearly two months application time to the Goblet of
Fire. And on it goes. The only really good scene (apart from Hermione,
like all the women in the film, acting like a frail damsel in distress)
in which the students have their first DADA lesson with Mad-Eye Moody
passes by all to quickly, and then we're jumping and jerking about the
plot again. Harry has a falling out with Ron, signified by Rupert Grint
dramatically lowering his eyebrows down to his cheek bones. Big deal.
Harry kicks the living crap out of a dragon. Wow. Harry and Ron make
up. Happy to hear it.And then, suddenly, Newell hits the brakes. The "Four Weddings and a
Funeral" director sees in the Yule Ball semi-familiar ground, and he
seems intent to squeeze all the juice there is out of it. Harry and Ron
talk about girls, learn to dance and behave like unbelievable prats to
both the Patil twins. Meanwhile, Hermione strikes up a relationship
with Viktor Krum, Hagrid woos the plus-size Madame Maxine, and we are
then treated to the musical stylings of a wizard rock band, telling us
to "boogie down like a unicorn" (which the probably imperiused crowd
subsequently does). It's all very cutesy, all very non-Potterish.
Hermione and Ron are especially egregious in this part of the movie --
Harry just seems oddly vacant.The movie trudges along, occasionally giving reason to hope, only to
quickly dash it again with a mind-boggling jump. Finally, we reach the
ending, where the maze is nowhere near as challenging as it was in the
book, and where Voldemort's rebirth is strangely anticlimactic and
unfulfilling. Cedric Diggory dies, impostor Moody is exposed, Ron and
Hermione exchange some glib remarks that trivialise the whole ending,
and that's the film.Now, a lot of people like this film. Rotten Tomatoes ranks it higher
than its successor, Order of the Phoenix. This, to me, is inexplicable.
Sure, a lot of things have to be scrapped to fit any novel into a
two-hour movie. But a good adaptation, such as Order of the Phoenix,
does that without you noticing it. Instead, Goblet of Fire rather seems
to be making a point out of making omissions glaringly obvious. Even
non-Potterians would probably surmise that the book covered the
Quidditch game even though the film didn't, because the cut is made so
quickly that Newell seems to hope that viewers will just think they
dozed off during the game. Actually, all it does is leave us with a
nonsensical, disjointed mess that will make you long for the
comparative greatness of Chris Columbus. At least he knows how to do an
establishing shot.
			
I was unhappy with movie III. I am aghast at this movie. Where to
start? The beginning is usually a good place. Choppy. This movie was
even choppier than the first one. It starts appropriately with the
dream (of course the dream is not accurate to the book), but Harry is
already at the Burrow. I guess there wasn't enough money in the budget
to pay for Molly, Bill, or Charlie since none of them are in the film.
Same goes for a little Quidditch, there isn't any. How can there be a
Quidditch World Cup and no Quidditch? Ludo Bagman, where is he? Bagman
is essential to the twins money sub plot. Money for the twins, how are
they supposed to leave school toward the end of the next movie with no
money (There was no mention of a monetary prize for the winner of the
tournament)? How is Harry supposed to get any information any more,
Sirius kept Hedwig? Then again Sirius must not be too important since
they couldn't even do the fireplace scene appropriately and didn't have
him, not even as a large, black dog at the end of the film. Then again
Harry never went to the hospital. Fudge and Dumbledore do not have a
parting of ways. I just wonder if Steven Kloves even bothered to read
book 5 or discuss it with J.K. Rowling before butchering the screenplay
for this movie. I just can't see how there can be an Order of the
Phoenix that makes any sense when all of the set up was cut from the
fourth movie. I know they can't have everything in the book in the
movie but the overall story arc has to be maintained. I wonder what
J.K. Rowling truly thinks of this film. I know two things for sure, I
want Chris Columbus back directing 6 and 7 and I want Peter O'Toole for
Dumbledore.
			
A huge disappointment. As a big fan of Harry Potter I should declare
that if there was any other way of taunting abjecting and con-tempting
Albus Dumbledor, then Mike Newell and Michael Gambon were not aware of
it. Is this the wise, decent and kind Dumbledor that always knows
everything? Is this the Dumbledor who always have some wise words to
solve the problems? Is this the Professor Dumbledor who in my opinion
is a portrait of a superman? No, but instead we have a fearful, dull,
clumsy, rash, joker who I bet has not bothered to read the book even
once !!! Anyone with a standard level of IQ and wit who has read the
novel, can tell that this is not Professor Dumbledor. Since when exactly, has Dumbledore ever lost control and shaken Harry?
If this is how he reacts to harry's name being entered, what the hell
is he going to do when Harry destroys his office in The Order of the
Pheonix? Since when Snape draws his wand and outsmarts Dumbledor in
clearing up the mess? Michael Gambon may be a fine actor but HE JUST
ISN'T DUMVBLEDORE !!! This is what I disliked the most about this movie that Dumbledore is
not portrayed as what he is,a calm, wise, kind, old wizard who speaks
wisely. Instead we have a stormy, confused blundering old man that
doesn't have a clue what's going on. The character of Dumbledore is
just WAY off. where in the book u can see Dumbledor to shake a student?
Where and When you see him shout and act like a goat? Absolutely
ABSURD!!! It just ruined the portray I had in my mind about the great
Dumbledor, I wont watch it again and definitely wont recommend it to
anyone. This is the poorest Harry Potter movie so far. At least in the first
two you could see the brilliant actor Richard Haris as a Dumbledor who
is what he really is in the book. The same story goes for Voldemort,
who is way off the character he should be. He is not as calm and
powerful and dark as he should be. He is uncertain and even surprised
and stupid in some parts. He is not the darkest wizard of all the times
at all. This is a pretty good movie, good music good special effect
...but the problem is that its just not the Harry Potter and the Goblet
of Fire.Cutting off lots of the critical scenes of the book, very poor choice
of the new faces, miss-changing the scenes, and considering the various
other things I mentioned, I only gave it 2 out of 10 because of it's
brilliant sound and special effects. But after I read the book again
last night I disliked the movie even more, so its just 1 out of 10. I
rate it to be the poorest Harry Potter movie so far.
			
Despite the fact that the third Harry Potter movie was deeply
disappointing, I was going to give this one a chance. There was a new
director, so I was not going to judge without seeing the movie. One
look at the trailers and I figured, this movie ought to be pretty good.
I was proved more than wrong. Based on the choppy scenes with no genuine transitions and lack of
continuity, the movie itself seemed like one big trailer that would be
promoting the "real film." I find it hard to believe that anyone who
had not read the books could follow along in the beginning at all. I
was very let down within the first ten minutes of the movie. At least
the last one was able to keep me happy for half an hour. The only
reason I continued watching was because I paid 6.50 for my ticket and I
figured they could not butcher it more than they already had.I knew from the first scene that they had gone and rewritten it again
when I saw the "third" man in the room with Voldemort and Wormtail. I
knew straight away what they had done and that by placing Barty Crouch
Junior in the room they would be able to magically write out the house
elves. That is the moment that I knew they ruined what makes the Harry
Potter series so great, the mystery. In the first ten minutes they
managed to write out all of the mystery, which is what makes the books
worth reading. Harry was never supposed to prematurely know that Crouch
Junior was alive, that is half of the shock at the end of the book. The
movies without that mystery turn into cheap fantasy thrillers with a
bit of teenage drama.The beginning is probably one of the main reasons I intensely dislike
this movie. Then what angered me further was the unnecessary scenes
that were lengthened or inserted into the movie for "action." For
example, the chase scene with the dragon which lasted a good seven or
eight minutes long could have been taken out for its useless (intended
to be) climax of action. In the book, Harry never left the arena and
that scene in the movie was completely ridiculous with them climbing on
the roof of the castle. Then there was the scene when the other schools
arrived and there was like a five minute show they put on that was
completely meaningless. It was like a circus performance and had
nothing to do with the plot whatsoever. They could have kept the dragon
scene like it is in the book and took out the little performances by
the other schools and then done a little more work on the beginning and
end. The end more so because they left out parts integral to the next
book. They failed to have Dumbledore explain what exactly Prior Incantatem
was and why Voldemort and Harry's wands failed to work against one
another. It was also never stated that the ministry refuses to believe
that Voldemort is back, and that is the most important information
because the entire fifth book is based around the fact that almost no
one believes Harry that Voldemort is back. Although not as major as the
last bit of "forgotten" information, they also left out how Dumbledore
was rallying old friends to start fighting against Voldemort, the
triwizard winnings and how Harry gave them to Fred and George, and they
even left loose ends. They began the Rita Skeeter story line but they
never concluded it, they just stopped mentioning or showing her halfway
through the movie. I'm sure they did such a cut for time, but Rita
skeeter plays a roll in the next book when Harry tries to convince the
wizarding world of the truth. Now all of that is only most of the
reasons I hated it. If anyone wishes to discuss further or ask more
detailed questions you can e-mail me at padfoot_3@yahoo.com.There was one thing I DID enjoy in the movie and that was Neville.
Everything else was absolutely dreadful whether it was the acting, the
writing, or the cuts, but Neville I loved. In fact I like his character
more than I used to due to this movie. Ron was my favorite character
(in the books) but now he is tied for first with poor Neville. I am
also saddened that most of the real Harry Potter comedy is written out
of the movies and they insert corny movie comedy. All the comedy the
story needs is in Fred and George and they always leave any of their
scenes on the cutting room floor. Or maybe they don't even consider
including them. As a Harry Potter fan and a moviegoer, this movie was atrocious and I
will never recommend watching this movie. It was a waste of time that
could have been put to better use. If anyone does feel compelled to
watch it I suggest not paying to see it, borrow it from the library and
fast forward over all parts except any scene in which Neville plays a
part (which is only about five scenes). I will reiterate how tragic
Neville always seems and this makes him more likable.I would just like to say that as a person who never watches football
and has never liked it, I would have spent my time better had I watched
the Ohio State vs. Michigan game instead. To anyone who e-mails me, I will gladly reply. If you read this entire
comment, then kudos to you.
			
First of all... WHY!!! Secondly I found this movie to be a great disappointment. I just don't
know where to begin. So lets start from the beginning shall we?first there was a harry potter book series written by J.K Rowling that
was good, children and adults all over the word rejoiced. Then in comes
Hollywood and says: Hi we want to make movies about this "Harry Potter"
we have heard so much about. And Rowling is flattered to no end and
says yes.First movie: great to see Harry potter on the big screen, all right
movieSecond movie: begins to get darker, you love it, I love it, we all love
it.Third movie: SLAM DUNK. They followed the plot of the book and made
some "changes" for example casual clothing after school hours that just
makes it feel so much more alive.And now we have *drums* Number four: WHAT THE *BLEEP*, although I must
admit I cried... allot! From the beginning to the bitter end! it was
horrid, it almost felt like Hollywood was taking a big dump right on my
copy of the book. I have a feeling that the chaps in Hollywood said: -
Read! READ!? You want US to actually READ the book before we make a
movie!? Preposterous!at the beginning of the movie i just sat there with an uneasy feeling
in my stomach because everything was going waaay to fast. and the usual
"slow start" was no where to be seen. They just jumped right into all
of it. Then what was up with that ridicules entrance into the great
hall! I almost puked right there. And some of the later action
sequences like 1st task WAY to overblown, in the book Harry just
breezed trough it.but okay I can almost of forgive that, after all it IS Hollywood. But
what I can't forgive is the Butchering of Characters in this movie! And
the victims are:Dumbledore: in the book he's the calm, somewhat silly rock that
hogwarts rests upon, in this movie he's well lets say not that calm. He
shouts, grabs, maybe even pinches and bites. and I can't shake thee
feeling that he is a mean drunk some of the time.And then Krum... ooh poor krum, he became the teen movie Jock. in the
book he is insecure, somewhat frail, clumsy on the ground, quite
intelligent and ugly. in the movie he has an Kelvin kline model with an
ego the size of Hagrid and so stupid Crab and Goyle seems like Einstein
in comparison. AND there is not even a whisper about fleur being 1/4 veela. I mean
COMMON! How hard can it be to fit that in! just to name the biggest.The thing this movie lacks that number three is filled with is: Soul,
character interaction, character building, and sense of details.So if you want to see some kind of cool action scenes, and special
effects for 308 000 000 dollars, be my guest. But if you want Harry
potter. take a cup of coco, a blanket, light a fire and read the book.
because this ladies and gentlemen is NOT Harry potter!
			
This movie was the worst Harry Potter movie so far! I can't see how
anyone could be satisfied with it. Those who have read the book
couldn't possibly accept the important details that were left out in
favour for dragged-out, irrelevant scenes. Those who haven't read the
book couldn't possibly enjoy the movie either, for so much is left out
that it is impossible to correctly follow! Very important scened that
are left out include The Parting Of The Ways, where it becomes very
clear that the Ministry aren't going to believe Harry and Dumbledore
about Voldemort, Dumbledore telling Snape and Hagrid to go on their
separate missions, any adequate explanation about Barty Crouch Snr or
Jnr, and how and why they got into the situations they were in, the
winner of the Tri-Wizard Tourament, and there is very little
screen-time for Sirius, which means the audience can't see the
relationship between him and Harry, which is very important for the
events of The Order of the Phoenix! Many more scenes and information
have been cut out that really needed to be there, and my advice it to
stay away from all the movies, and just keep to the books!
			
I just saw this at a $1.50 movie, having missed going with my family. I
was severely disappointed. I would have felt worse going to the first
run. I will start with what little I liked. 1.There were a couple of
scenes in which Daniel Radcliffe actually, you know, acted.This is
pretty hopeful, because someday they might hire an actor's director who
would find a way to get Radcliffe's best. 2. Brendan Gleeson did a
uniformly nice job with Mad Eye. 3. Similarly, Miranda Richardson did
well with Rita.I've run out of nice things to say. Now down to business.I think the most egregious and obvious difficulty was the direction.
This may be the most unimaginative rendering possible. It should not
have been one movie, but if it had to be, it should have been
significantly longer. It was so compact, it felt like a two hour
commercial for the real movie. Nothing in the movie had any sense of
development. It was a series of highly visual set-pieces leavened with
uncomfortably phony dialog. The acting direction may have been the
worst feature. Considering the remarkable collection of good actors,
this an amazingly wasteful undertaking. The movie seemed like a filmed
read-through. Two of the most embarrassing scenes were the conference
between Dumbledore (a completely miscast Michael Gambon) and the rest
of the faculty about Harry's staying in the tournament, and the last
scene between Harry, Hermione and Ron. Emma Watson, who has done such a
great job with this role, gave a completely phony reading in that
scene, and for that I blame the direction. I say this because there
were so many poor performances from good actors. The second biggest problem was the screen writing. Everything from
choices of what to cut, to dialog was amateurish. Harry's line "I love
magic." made him seem simply goofy. The most offensive writing feature,
however, was choice to add bad material that was not part of the story.
If you are going to add something to a story as good as this, what you
add should be, well, good. The dancing scene with McGonagall should not
have seen the light of day. I pity Maggie Smith for having to do that
scene. Moreover, the choices of things that were cut so that this could
be added are even more maddening. Small things like Fleur being part
Vela and what a Vela was in the first place. The entrance of Beaux
Batons and Durmstrang was an ignorant display of fake, international
stereotypes. The scene could have been written by George Bush. Rumania
is not Russia. The little dip-dance by the students of Beaux Batons was
completely inappropriate. Their uniforms and their carriage as they
entered spoke of a dignity and even aloofness that would have rung
true. This was completely ruined by the silly choreography. Finally,
the reduction of Filch to a dumb, running gag with a cannon instead of
using a little time to discuss his status as a squib was a great loss
and, to my mind, indicates a dearth of writing sense.Finally, I have to return to Dumbledore. As good an actor as he is, I
just don't know if Michael Gambon could do justice to Dumbledore.
Richard Harris struck a wonderful balance between humor and gravity
that is crucial to this character. Unfortunately, Michael Gambon comes
off as someone's drinking buddy. He has done this in two movies. I
would hope that this part would be recast.
			
I absolutely HATED this movie. As a movie that is supposed to not have
anything to do with the great book that is attached to it, it is
entertaining, but because it carries the "Harry Potter" emblem to it, I
will scrutinize it to the very last detail that bothered me.First of all, Columbus did the world's WORST job. I don't understand
how having a fool-proof, action-packed book could've turned out this
crap.The disappointment begins with the Quidditch World Cup. What is the
point of building all of that up if you're not going to at least show
us the Wronsky Feint? Or explain the veela? The issue of Barty Crouch,
Jr. isn't even vaguely touched upon, which means that Winky isn't at
all discussed! In terms of the tournament itself, BEAUXBATONS ACADEMY ISN'T AN
ALL-GIRLS SCHOOL!!!!!!!! (Durmstrang isn't an all-boys wanna-be
military academy, either!) The women in the movie are completely
objectified. The Beauxbatons' entrance into the Great Hall? Migod,
you'd think Maxime was bringing all of her girls up to be easy French
sluts! And naturally, Fleur's background (part veela) and silvery
BRIGHT hair are completely overlooked. I'm upset at the non-mention of
her veela background because without it, there's no explanation that
what is seen, i.e., them going "Ahhhhhhh" is just in the entranced
boys' minds. Anyway, read up on veela! Was it lack of imagination that prompted the producers to TAKE THE
DRAGON OUT OF THE ARENA AND HUNT HARRY DOWN LIKE A DOG? Honestly, I
think keeping the first task within its original boundaries was a lot
more effective. PATHETIC that they would let the Dragon die when in the
book, they were adamant about protecting its eggs. Like Charlie
would've let the Horntail get away like that! Or Dumbledore! Dumbledore! Michael Gambon as Dumbledore was the most awkward and
pathetic and unwelcome change in the installments. Long rest Mr.
Richard Harris, who so well captured Dumbledore... Gambon should've at
least the read the books. He was pathetic in that role, and it angered
me to see Dumbledore so out of character.Speaking of characters out of 'sync with their book counterparts,
Hermione was intolerable in this movie! I don't think at all it was the
actor's fault, but rather an incompetent playwright who didn't bother
to fully grasp Hermione. Maybe he thought "o no she's a teenager, I
should write her like one!" which is VERY un-Hermione-ish!! Lastly, the final task. "O NO THE HEDGES ARE COMING AT ME, THE HEDGES
ARE COMING AT ME!!!" What the hell was that??? No skill needed
whatsoever! Where was the sphinx, the boggarts, and all of the other
TRUE challenges? Why the hell would a witch/wizard be afraid of MOVING
HEDGES??? Why the hell would that change a person? Gaaaah, the bull
they try to make us swallow, the tripe! In sum: read the book.
			
Four Funerals and one Satanic Sacrifice would not be enough to condemn
Mike Newell to the flames of the Underworld for this monstrosity. How
the Harry Potter revolving door of directors could settle on Newell is
disconcerting as he produced the single worst movie in the Harry Potter
franchise, perverting J.K. Rowling's excellent work into trash, plain
and simple.The big thing with the Goblet of Fire was that it was darker than the
three previous works as Harry and Co. had turned 14 and would face
death and the return of a powerful foe. Unfortunately, Newell took
"darker" a little too literally, as there is virtually no light in the
movie at all, whether in terms of the forces of good (Albus Dumbledore,
along with the rest of the supporting cast, is practically nonexistent)
or simply scene lighting as almost every scene, whether at the Yule
Ball (where Harry and Ron experience that typical teenage angst from
unrequited and unacknowledged love), the Triwizard Tournament events,
or even inside Hogwarts. The complete absence of light makes the final
battle much less powerful, unlike Narnia, which so beautifully balances
and separates light and dark, clearly opposing the two and making each
more powerful than if one completely dominates. The scenery of Goblet
lacks the majesty and beauty so present in Azkaban as the settings are
dull and uninteresting.In Newell's defense, Goblet is massive, more than 600 pages, which
could not be easily included into a still long 2.5 hour movie. Still,
it is the little things in the movie that are most annoying: there is
no Quidditch, he does not use a "Hedwig scence change" (where Harry's
pet owl flies off and changes the season), and the supporting cast of
professors and other wizards are incredibly underused, although
newcomer Mad-Eye Moody and old favorite Snape each have one great
scene, one with transfiguration and the other with a textbook.For a supercondensed story (as if the movie doesn't do that on its
own), Harry enters his 4th year at Hogwarts with a burning scar and
dread after the appearance of the Death Eaters, Lord Voldemort's
followers, at the Quidditch World Cup. All of Hogwarts is concerned
with the Triwizard Tournament, which pits one 7th-year student from
each of the three wizarding schools in a three-task competition to win
eternal glory. However, Harry's name comes out of the Goblet, and he
becomes the first ever 4th champion. As he tries to deal with the
difficult tasks, he also must confront his love of Ravenclaw's Cho
Chang, Ron's hostility and jealousy, and the everpresent school,
including new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher Mad-Eye Moody.Although it is necessary to see the movie in order to understand the
5th movie, I beg you to read the book and get a true image of Rowling's
story instead of forking over your hard earned coin for this. Oh, it
will be in my DVD collection, but I won't be happy about it.
			
I would vote 0 except it's not an option. OK, I know that it's
necessary to cut out some of the book to keep the movie under 10 hours.
After seeing this, though, I see the writers and director do not have
the finesse required to make necessary cuts/changes and produce an even
mediocre movie. The acting was the least believable that I've seen in a
while (and that's including Zorro 2 by the way). No one made a dramatic
pause or was able to say even a simple undramatic sentence without some
huge physical gesture. Dumbledore's walking around the Goblet of Fire
when the champions were announced reminded me of the Ferengi in an
early episode of Star Trek the next generation where they were dodging
around and growling for no apparent reason. The characters were
mutilated beyond recognition (with the possible exception of Harry
because they just can't do that), like Dumbledore being more of a
hothead and forcing Harry back once his name is called instead of the
serene scholar who cares about his students and would never do anything
resembling manhandling them. Victor Krum reminded me of the roast ham
at Thanksgiving dinner yesterday except the ham was smarter, better
looking, and had more lines, a complete contrast from the star of
Bulgaria Krum was in the books. I could go much farther in the intense
hatred this movie has inspired in me but the box says I have a limit,
so I'll wrap it up. The whole thing says "OK this is something we're
just churning out to make money off the quality books through name
recognition, so we don't need to put any actual thought or effort into
it."
			
I planned on spending a night of my Thanksgiving break home from
college watching one of my favorite books be put to the screen. Instead
of seeing a book portrayed as a movie, I saw a movie portrayed as a
Sparknotes guide. It touched most of the scenes in the book, but it put
many out of order, and for those that were put in the correct order,
they simply didn't flow and had poor connecting transitions. I felt
that this movie to portray highlights from the book rather than being
the book itself. The worst part about it is how bad Dumbledore was
portrayed. He did not match the loving sage that Richard Harris gave us
and that J.K. Rowling describes him as. Also, the whole rise of the
dark lord was skewed, and it should have been one of the covert themes
of the movie, but it didn't become what was the main point of the book
until the last 20 minutes of the movie. Overall, I had to explain to
many people why things happened when the movie should have depicted it
better.
			
It wasn't true to the book. They needed to have more about it, and they
needed to redo the scene were the Drumsdrang and Beuxbatons students
came in. They also needed to redo Ron. They put in the stupid boyish
acts like when he was looking at the girls. I mean, if they were going
to make the movie of the book, they have to make it what least somewhat
the same. They did good with the Philosopher's Stone and the Chamber of
Secrets. But when the got to the Prisinor of Azkaban the just lost it.
This movie had the way of being good, but it wasn't. And another thing,
how come most of it was at night. Like during the second task, it was
supposed to be morning. This movie (in my opinion)is horrible. I really
think that they need to redo it. And Dumbledore, he wasn't that calm
old man. Instead he was rather angry and impatient. Especially when
Harrys name was chosen for the Triwizard tournament. They left out many
important parts and people:- The Dursleys weren't included- They never find out Hagrid isn't half giant- They didn't put in Dudley and the Ton-Tongue toffee- Ludo Bagman wasn't mentioned- The discussion between Dumbledore and Fudge didn't come up, which
should have if they are going to make Order of the Pheonix- Winky and Dobby wasn't in- Hermione never catches Rita Skeeter as an animagus, which is also
crucial in the Order of the Pheonix, only not as much- Weasley's Wizard Weezes are not mentioned- Harry never got the money for the Twiwizard tournamentNone of these came up during the movie. I find it kinda sad that my
favourite Harry Potter book was probably my least favourite movie. If
you ask me me, they need to redo it. I mean, I could probably direct
better than Mike Newell did.
			
Having read all 6 books to date (each several times), and having
enjoyed the first 3 films, I must say that this installment is by far
the worst.A better name for the film adaptation would have been "Harry Potter and
the Triwizard Tournament." This title would have accurately described
the Mike Newell version of the great fourth book. I have read and
listened to all the media outlets about Mike Newell's understanding of
the English boarding school and "wonderfully" applying it to the Harry
Potter world, but if that is the scope of his expertise, please don't
let him direct any more Potter movies, because there were no school
scenes at all apart from the ONE Defense Against the Dark Arts class.More to the point, Warner Brothers needs to reconsider it's Potter
franchise. If the intent is to merely pay homage to the wonderful world
that J.K. Rowling has provided us in canon by giving the public a
general overview filled with empty action sequences, and to get as many
people in the theater seats as possible to earn a buck or two
(million), then go ahead with these travesties. However, if you wish to
keep a loyal fan base to go along with the books, then you will have to
spend more time, effort, and (gasp!) money to provide us with what we
really want - a more faithful adaptation of the stories.As the film gets moving, I thought I must have entered the wrong
theater because the music that introduced the movie sounded remarkably
like the "Batman" theme, with a "Hedwig's Theme" remix in the
background. For heaven's sake, get a new composer! Then, for no reason,
we are thrown into the movie with Hermione yelling at Harry and Ron to
hurry up. What?! Harry is supposed to be at the Dursley's during the
summer. How did he get to the Burrow?I thought the movie would get interesting for The Quidditch World Cup
and it did... the effects were great, but the original plot line was
lost as soon as it cut from the introduction of Krum directly to the
Weasley's tent and the screaming kids.And what's with Michael Gambon's portrayal of Dumbledore?? When, in the
books, has Dumbledore ever yelled at Harry and shook him or any other
student so violently??? This is WAY off course. I could accept Gambon's
Dumbledore in POA, but this is ridiculous! As another poster similarly
mentioned, if this is how he reacts to Harry's name coming out of the
Goblet of Fire, what will he do when Harry "sees" the attack on Mr.
Weasly from the snake's viewpoint in Order of the Phoenix?These examples perfectly summarize the rest of the film... abrupt cuts
from the middle of one scene to another part of the plot with no
explanation or reason as to how it happened, and a generally bad
portrayal of Dumbledore.I would only recommend this movie to those who have not read any of the
books. Only someone who is unaware of the real plot of the book will
enjoy this film. It is empty action sequences with some barely
recognizable filler material in between.Boooo! Two thumbs way down for this one.
			
The newest Harry Potter movie will not disappoint the Potter fans. I am
not a fan of Harry Potter, nor do I dislike the franchise. Still, I
would like to give my comments about this movie and the more than 5000
people who gave it a 10. Do not expect excellent acting performances from any of the actors.
They did a good job but Daniel Radcliffe is not on par with his friends
Emma Watson and Rupert Grint. The latter two have a better facial
expression and seem to feel more at home on the set. I was glad to see
that Ralph Fiennes had the role of Voldemort even though he was on the
screen for less than 5 minutes. The special effects were quite good. I expected them to be a little bit
better since we are in late 2005. Movies like Lord of the Rings and Sin
City are prettier in that aspect.I may have the facial expression of a stone but when a joke is funny I
will laugh. I did not laugh more than 1 time throughout the entire
movie. Yes, Ron did succeed in making a grin on my face a couple of
times but I was still disappointed. In my opinion the movie lacked some
serious action. I am not talking about XXX or James Bond type of thing
but some scenes were to slow. Now, you can interpret the next sentence
in a few ways and you can even call me a little boy but: the only thing
that made my heart beat faster was Fleur Delacour in her bathing suit. This movie was not a waste of money, none of the Potter movies are, but
it is in no way worth the perfect 10. For those who voted a 10, would
you rate Schindler's list or the Godfather a 15?
			
I just saw this movie and it stank. For all of you HP book fans, save
your money. The movie cuts out so much of the book, it is unbelievable.
I understand that the whole book couldn't be in the movie, but they
skipped a lot of the things that make the book great. Whole events are
skipped right over. Certain exposures are left unexposed. For all of
you people who have never read or seen a HP movie, don't let this be
your first intro to the world of HP. The only good thing I can say
about this movie was it's graphics- they are definitely getting better.
I really don't have anything further to say but this database wont let
me send this if its not a certain length.
			
IT WAS HORRIBLE. MY GOD...MISERABLE!!! it was the most pathetically
terrible movie I have ever seen in my life. The director and screen
play writers deserve to stripped of their position, and disgraced,
tarred and feathered in public, shunned for their miserable ideas. They
have forever made themselves pathetic in my eyes. I HATED IT.
Dumbledore had a temper and yelled at harry, ruined his personality.
There was no dobby or winkey, no weasly family except for those at
school, no ludo baggman, and they didn't explain anything, it went from
one thing to another without explaining anything. IT SUCKED!!!!!! They
missed the bulls eye by a infinite amount.
			
The only thing that was in common between the film and the book was the
characters names!!!! I appeciate the fact that the book is indeed
rather long and showing its entirety in the film would be impossible;
but it feels as if someone has simple read every other chapter and made
the film; this film should have been another hour longer!! The
beginning of the book has simply been removed from the book and we
start about one fifth of the way in, so those who have read the book
will be annoyed from the start. Out of all of the Potter books the
goblet of fire was by FAR my favourite, and from what I have read, the
favourite of most, and so I had high expectations from the film, and
was castastrophical disappointed. I went to see the film which some
girls who had never read the books and they thoroughly enjoyed the
film, as did the small children who were in the cinema. Credit were it
is due though, the special effects are better than the previous films,
and generally the acting has indeed improved, and for this reason I
have not given the film a 1 rating, though I was tempted.I know that those who have read the book will indeed go and see the
film anyhow, but I must warn you do not get your hopes up.
			
I've never read the books, and they may very well stimulate the
imaginations of children all over the world. That's commendable. BUT as
a movie series, these movies have been mediocre at best. This latest
movie, Goblet Of Fire, is the worst yet. It's slow paced, the
characters are either not interesting or completely annoying, and the
movie is so dark that it's impossible to see things sometime. The
biggest problem I have is not with the film itself, but with the
actors' thick accents, quick speech patterns, and tendency to whisper,
it's impossible to understand what they are saying half the time. The
movie does have some noteworthy sequences though. Harry's face off with
a dragon is very exciting. An underwater rescue is also very good, with
some amazing special effects. A sequence involving a huge hedge maze
that makes the maze in the Shining look like child's play, is exciting,
but possibly way too scary and violent for young kids. It's rated PG-13
for a reason. I'm not a Harry Potter fan, but I gave the movie a chance
because my kids wanted to see it, and I was very interested in seeing
the Superman Returns preview they were going to show before the movie
(and that looks INCREDIBLE). But neither I nor my children were at all
impressed. For our money....ZATHURA was FAR superior. Stick to the
books kids, I'm sure they are far better than this drivel.
			
The movie series seems to follow the books, on a far lower level. While
the third movie finally showed some character development and well-done
plot instead of drawing by numbers some scenes from the novels,
everything collapses in this fourth installment. This is partially due
to the necessity of omitting lovable subplots which saved the novel. In
the movie, the stupid main plot becomes clearly visible - a way to big
machinery is installed for reviving Voldemort. Instead of capturing
Harry at so many possible situation, or just turning his left shoe into
a port-key, the evil secret agent employs incredibly involved tricks to
teleport Harry to the cemetery where you-know-who wait for his
reincarnation. This comes along as a boring CGI-hopping that lasts
almost three hours. Indeed, the movie is rather "dark" (whatever that means), but this
doesn't indicate quality. The few humorous scenes that escaped shed
some flashes of light but were far from saving the movie. The
coming-of-age scenes were just painful, and the three younger main
actors do definitely worse than in "Azkaban" (almost the same low level
as in the "Philosopher's Stone"). Brendan Gleeson is good as Mad-Eye
Moody, indeed the only character adequately transferred from the novel
(not that difficult, actually). Ralph Fiennes (mainly CGI) is OK as
Voldemort. Other CGI is often cheap or just garbage, like the
dragon-fight. Where did all the money go? The plot holes are numerous,
even more than usual, caused by strange cuts. For instance, what
happens between Voldemort's and Harry's wands, is "explained" by
Dumbledore by a Latin word that would need itself explanation (which is
omitted). Such things happen almost every few minutes. If this pattern
continues, the fifth installment (with the underlying worst book of the
series so far, "imagine there is war and no one is interested in") is
really something to be afraid of.
			
You couldn't even tell what it was supposed to be! Dumbledore didn't
act like that in the book! and Moody, don't even get me started on him!
The goblet wasn't even like it was described in the book, and, jeez!
There's too much wrong with the movie to even write here! Nuh-uh. I
didn't like the movie. If the book hadn't been written, sure, the movie
would be fine. BUT the book was good enough and they went and butchered
it. I'm saying, it's as bad as if they went and got a chainsaw and
ripped the book to shreds, then taped it back together without even
caring where each word went. They better not kill the Order of the
Phoenix, or I'm gonna scream!
			
This movie sucks. The book that bears the same name (but is totally
different) is where the series turns from good to great. The movie is
where the series turns from okay to BAD. The very first scene departs
from the book by adding another person in the Riddle house. The entire
part about Harry being home and the Weaslys coming to take him to the
Quidditch World Cup and him staying at their house is gone. They move
the group from the top box to the nosebleeds for the movie and cut out
Winky and her theft of Harry's wand altogether. They show none of the
quidditch game, don't show the mascots, and instead of the kids running
through the woods and having a confrontation with Draco (which is big
in the book for character development), Harry just falls down and gets
kicked outside the tent. This is just what is screwed up in the first
ten minutes. I actually left the theatre after the dragon broke its
chain, chased Harry around campus and then went King Kong on one of the
towers. What happened to the dragon, you might ask? Nobody knows.
Evidently it's just sleeping down on the grounds somewhere. Hopefully
the director will read this page and realize that he needs to quit and
never direct another movie again. Ever. Especially not one that ruins a
great book.
			
This movie is so bad for fans of the book. They just have stuff not
explained and I can't say it here because it would be a spoiler. The
movie is boring and all the scenes that were so great in the book are
either shortened or not exciting or scary like in the book. The worst
thing is it keeps not setting up movie 5 and now movie 5 will probably
be terrible but not as bad as this because this one was really bad!
What I liked was the 3 actors Harry Hermione and Ron. They were better
than ever! That's almost all the movie has good. Even the tri-wizard
stuff is not that exciting. Dumbledore acts weird and mean and nothing
like Dumbledore has ever acted. Wait until you see Dumbledore you will
be shocked he is like a jerk! I wanted to love this movie because I'm a
Harry Potter fan and love all 6 books and I loved the 2nd and 3rd movie
and thought the 1st movie was even pretty good but this one is just
bad. I would not recommend seeing it to anyone especially anyone who
reads and loves the books!
			
The story explored in the Movie is not even 20% of the 640 pages book
and the true complexity of the story.Hollywood must think it's audience are mostly retarded; and by looking
at the 7.7 mark, I guess most of them are.Most actors are bad beside Snape and Moody. Harry look like a nice
choir boy while in the book he has a different personality.Well I'm glad I switched to the books, it's so much better.The movie needed to be over 180 minutes to render the story correctly.That said, the camera man did a descent job. But Hollywood has to stop
with the cheese.
			
OK it wasn't a bad movie just as a movie. My bias of being a huge
Potter fan (especially of the books) lead me to the feeling that this
movie was a train wreck. The Goblet of Fire was perhaps the best book
of all of Rowlings. In my opinion it was the most suspenseful and
throughout the story it was full of action, romance, humor, suspense
and MOST IMPORTANTLY a mystery. Yes the best part about the story is
the mystery surrounding the man who put Harry's name into the Goblet
and what the motivations were behind it. Which no one knows until the
end when imposter Moody is revealed.THAT is where my biggest disappointment is. they almost entirely
butchered the Crouch storyline and it was left unexplained. The story
as it goes on becomes a more suspenseful mystery as clues are thrown
out that could lead you to the conclusion that Moody isn't actually the
real Moody, he is a fake and that he put Harry's name into the Goblet.
The most important part of the books was about the mystery. The movie
it was mostly about Harry's tri-wizard adventure, romance and as much
humor as they could put in.Look I wont complain about the triwizard tasks although the first task
was severely dramatized(in a good way in terms of the casual audience
perhaps), the third task was completely messed up. In the book it had
everything it was an amazing chapter in the book and in the movie it
was a bunch of ATTACKING branches.Next up....Voldemorts return. Horribly rushed. If they had put in more
to that scene and less to the stupid Yule Ball then it would have been
terrific. The graveyard scene was so rushed but not as much as the
shrieking shack scene in PoA.LOOK, it wasn't THAT bad from a casual viewers opinion, actually pretty
good. But from a huge fan of the books it was a mess in my opinion and
it really hurt to watch again. The best book in the series is matched
by the worst movie of the series. Both GoF.PS: I hate how they make Ron a sissy with no special abilities. Ron
isn't supposed to be the sharpest tool in the shed out of the three and
certainly not the most skilled with a wand but its like he is a comic
relief character and that was his purpose.
			
Before i move into a whole bunch of negativity towards this movie, i'll
say that the special effects were great and they are probably the best
i have seen in a while. If your hoping to read a good review on this
film please do not continue reading. First off I can't say it in any
nicer way so... Dumbledore sucked. It was the completely wrong actor to
get for the role. His voice was horrible, his personality was very
unlike the Dumbledore we read about in the books (which are one of the
best series) and whats this stuff about when Dumbledore chokes Harry
when Harry's name came out of the goblet. Yea Dumbledore seemed very
calm. The lenght of the movie was just a shocker. The book is large and
i don't expect them to fit it all in but it could have been possible to
make two parts to it instead of just cramping random stuff in. If you
have not read the book it will be impossible to get the story line. One
of the things that disappointed me most was that the situation with the
Dursleys didn't happen. It's such a laugh in the books and the movies
where the Dursleys have something horrible happen to them. Instead they
had to cut it out and just start of with Harry at the Weasleys.
Hermione in this one was so over dramatic and she spent half the time
upset. Shes not even like that in the books. I believe in the previous
movies (which were excellent) she did a way better job. Overall i think
this movie is really unsatisfactory and its nothing compared to the
books.
			
I really find it hard to believe that at the moment i am writing these
comments, this awful film has managed to get an average vote of 7.8!!
When i watched this flick, i had already gone through three really sad
movies (the first three of this series of course) though the first one,
The Philosopher's Stone wasn't all that bad. But The Goblet of Fire
takes the series down the drain, completely. In an age where special
effects are seen in every second film, i really wanted more in this
movie than the special effects. The book had so much more to offer, and
in the hands of a better director, this movie would have had so much
more to offer. But instead, what the viewer is given is a back of the
cover summary of the book. For some stupid reason, the entire World Cup
match isn't shown in the movie, and all of a sudden (after some crap at
Hogwarts), we have the three stages of the contest with nothing really
filling up between each stage. Alright, the one star that i have given
is for the climax of the movie, where Voldemort really is well depicted
and enacted. But hey, if i wanted to see a special effects movie,
there's loads of better movies out there, with much better story lines.
At the end of it, i really am not going to wait for any of the
remaining movies of the series. They're gonna be right down there.
			
How dare they release this piece of crap, it's a shame that J.K.
Rowling approved this. This time they left out the stuff that was the
most important in the book. Mike Newell has apparently no idea what
belongs in a good Harry Potter Movie, it's a good thing he's not
directing the fifth one. The following aspects of this movie are very
wrong: 1. the story, a person who hasn't read the book can't follow and
a person who has thinks the movie's worthless. 2. The visual effects,
even I can make a better blue key image of Harry flying a broomstick,
for crying out loud. 3. The director, a word of advice, NEVER MAKE
ANYTHING EVER AGAIN !!! There, I hope I made my point
			
Though I have a great respect for J.K. Rowling. I still have to say
that this is the worst picture yet and David Tennant was the only
reason why I bothered to see it. I also have to admit that Clemence
Poesy is insanely attractive, Stanislav Ianevski was very good for a
beginner and best of all David Tennant who plays a wonderful Badguy but
that's all. The rest of the film is just another piece of adolescent
rubbish that has no depth or a sense of reality. As a writer myself I
cannot believe anything that Harry Potter is made to be whether it is
on screen or on paper but this commentary is only an opinion and of
course everybody is entitled to their opinions even if they are as
negative as mine.
			
I couldn't believe how much I hated this movie. I'm not sure if I would
have liked it more had I not read the books, but I have, so it is all I
have to go off of.Let me start off by saying that I love these books. LOVE them. I think
they are one of the most terrific book series ever written. They are
beautiful, sincere and unique. I absolutely cannot get enough of
anything HP related--Except for these flippin' movies.What was JK Rowling thinking by approving the production of these
movies?? I actually didn't mind the first couple, but the first couple
of books were so simple to begin with that there seemed to be less to
mess up. But considering the Goblet of Fire is one of the longest books
in the series, I felt as the though the entire movie was a cheap fast
forward of the entire book. It skipped important parts that make the
story (and future books) make sense and come together fluidly, and
despite the fact that I realize it is hard to fit hundreds upon
hundreds of pages into a 2 hour movie, I felt that they could have at
least attempted to touch on some of these things.In addition to this, I question whether the actual descriptions
(characters, places, etc) in the book were actually read. And if they
were, how they somehow didn't make it halfway to the movie.For example (and this is really only one example), Dumbledore's office
is described to be a beautiful, large office on top of long extravagant
staircases. The office is round and light and airy, silvery and
whimsical with whirly gadgets and the beautiful Fawks near his desk
with the portraits of past headmasters all about. In the movie his
office is, essentially, a dungeon. On top of this, Dumbledore's
demeanor itself is so extremely different than in the book. In Goblet
of Fire he is aggressive, old and crusty. He gives little advice to
Harry and no bond is apparent in their relationship: something that is
a huge deal throughout the course of the book series. In the book he is
Harry's mentor, confidant, and an extremely kind, gentle and incredible
wizard. And why was everything in this movie so DARK?I could go on for hours.This movie was a complete sellout.
			
Over the last few years, people have been excited to see Harry Potter
films. I know I am excited to see them, I like Harry Potter. But that
being said, there are some major flaws with these films.Chris Columbus - I was happy to see how he brought such a fantastical
story to the screen. His directing was questionable, but the point is,
he's the first one to do it. He was with us for 2 films.Alfonso Cuaron - My favorite of the 3 directors. His dark style fit
very well with the third story, and really made me a fan of the movies.
Acting, Directing, Writing, and Producing was great in the third film.
They hit their mark. It's a shame he didn't Direct "Goblet of Fire".My problems with Goblet of Fire:Directing - Mike Newell lacked any kind of style. He seemed to me, like
another Chris Columbus. Cinematography wasn't great, clich shots with
no symbolic value. It seemed like he was trying to "wow" us by sweeping
the camera around the actors, no reason for it. One of my major
problems with his Directing is how he played with the character arcs.
Over the last 3 movies we've started to love how these characters
interact with each other, and we know "normal" for them. Dumbledore was
an angry, paranoid, old man in this film. And any reader of the series
would agree with me that Dumbledore would NEVER put his hands around
Harry's neck and yell at him. Overall, weak Directing that should have
been caught early on.Acting - I'm not going to harp on how bad these actors are. They aren't
bad. I enjoyed them in POA. But for acting, I once again blame the
Director. It's not their fault for how they acted in this film. The
Director tried something new, a new approach to these characters, and
frankly, I didn't like it. It made them seem childish, and whiney.
*Dumbledore is definitely the largest character change in this film.Writing - Something was off with this script. I know that it's the
original writer, but something was off. Too clich. It didn't keep the
rhythm that the other scripts had. Also, a fault of the writer's for
changing the characters around, or at least writing them differently.Producing - Finally, to end on a positive note. The producing in this
film was great. Great CGI. Now, I have to confess, I hate CGI. It's
hard to get drawn into a story, when nothing that you're seeing is
real. A reason why the new Star Wars films failed, but that's another
story for another time. I would've liked to see them build that giant
ship that Bouxbaton's (i'm not sure how you spell it, forgive me) comes
on. But that would be a lot of work for minimal screen time. No
problem.I left the cinema upset. I wasn't mad that they cut so much, I
understand that aspect of the film. But I was upset at how they
presented this story. In fact, Goblet of Fire is a much darker story
than Prisoner of Azkaban, but to me, it did not seem like it. I will let all of you of course decide on your own opinion, but these
are my views on the film, and I think some will agree with me. Thank
you. Ken Kabatoff, 16
			
I have liked all the movies so far, but this one you could tell they
left a lot out and/or changed the story because they were too lazy to
tell it right. I am a strong supporter of making a movie as long as it
needs to be to tell the story right. Setting a certain length and
trying to squeeze material in is just downright sloppy. Mike Newell has
only proved one thing to the world with this movie -- he is not ready
to play with the big boys. Stick to your sloppy B movies Mike. Stay
away from making movies that have the potential to be masterpieces. If
the next movie, which thankfully is being directed by someone other
than Newell, veers away from the storyline in the manner Goblet of Fire
has I would say the Harry Potter series is essentially doomed at least
for those of us who have read the books and see what a mess Newell made
of it so far. Tell the story the way Rowling has told it, tell it in
the same order, and don't change things to make your job easier. Sloppy
sloppy sloppy!!!On a side note however that has nothing to do with Newell or the
storyline -- Ralph Fiennes's acting was incredible and I think that needs to be
mentioned in his role as Lord Voldemort.I hope this is the only movie that gets half-as*ed in the franchise or
the series will be ruined. If the movie needs to be 3-4 hours, then
make it 3-4 hours or two parts even! Reference Lord of the Rings
Extended Editions if need be to understand why!!! People will be more
than happy to sit down for four hours to watch a movie if it's told
right and feels complete. It's movies like that (again reference Lord
of the Rings which is 10-12 hours running in extended form) that people
sit down and watch again and again and again.I hope the next director reads these reviews to make a better movie off
of Mike Newell's mistakes. Thanks very much for the opportunity to
write this.
			
I have always been a huge J. K Rowling fan. Have waited anxiously for
the release of this new film! Read lots of review online about the film
before hand (Did my homework). As usual, some rated the film A++ and
some D. I figure out that it can't be that bad. After all, it has a
great story line. It was pissing cats and dog in Britain last Friday.
However, i braved the thunderstorm and freezing subzero temperatures to
make my way to the cinema. The film was a HUGE, MEGA, GIGA
disappointment! I felt like crying after watching it. Mike Newell (the
director) killed all the magic there is to the film. It was meant to be
a magical story!! A dreamlike story not one full of battles!!!! If i
wanted to watch Lord of the Rings, i would go for LODR and not Harry
Potter. My guess is that Warner Bros wanted to aim for adult audiences
as well as children. hah, who would have guessed that the film was
rated 12A instead. It is like turning Cinderella into a night with
Paris Hilton! This is not right! All there was, was battles and battles
and battles. I would name it Kingdom of Heaven 2. Other than that, when
was it even mentioned in the book that Harry and Ron's brides wore SARI
to the ball. No offence to the Indian culture, i love ethic clothings
but sari and cheongsam in a world of magics seem a bit too far-fetched!
Hello, it is not halloween. The prom dance seem more like a world
cross-culture ball than a wizard's ball! Michael Gambon who played
Albus Dumbledore just must have either not read the book or decided
that he was a better author than J. K Rowling. He killed the headmaster
of hogward! As far as my memory serve me, I remembered Dumbledore as
being cool and calm in all situations. No all panicky with a screw up
face most of the time. He was meant to be kind and fatherly. The only
actors that played their roles well were Ron Weasley, Harry Porter and
Hermione Granger, Professor Snape and Lucius Malfoy. Mike Newell
blanked out all the parts that made the book special like sweets that
were not just sweets but with spells in them, the ghostly pictures in
the halls, the fat lady that guards the door and what happened to the
Nicholas the headless ghost? I guess they decided that he was dead and
wasn't worth it. By the way, did anyone notice how dark and gloomy the
film was most of the time? Makes you think that the producers were
going to save of lightings. Well, even with the soaring prices of
electricity, i am sure the public would understand if they utilised a
little more electricity. Afterall, they made $1.06million on the
opening day. I am sure they can afford the utilities bill.
			
Each of the first three movie got better till this one hit the fan. NO
Dobby, NO Ludo Bagman NO Winky, no Dursleys, NO Veela, NO Leprechauns,
NO world cup match matches, NO Mrs Crouch, NO Malfoy-Potter conflict,
No Spew, NO directing-Mike Newell is a hack made obvious by NO
acting-Harry has only 3 facial expressions and Ron has 2, but
Dumbledore was the worst, Harry is as white as Michael Jackson. The
script (by Steve Kloves) was so poor there is no evidence he read more
than the Cliff Notes. The students for the other schools looking like
idiots (a boring girls Synchronized swimming team and I goofy bunch of
boy scouts with sticks to make tiny sparks with) so very sad! The
Casting Team had to be both blind and deaf because their choices nearly
leave me mute. The special effects (especially the Dragons) are good
but is the only saving grace to this rotten film.
			
This was the first full Harry Potter movie that I've seen. Honestly.. I
was bored, tired, and unfulfilled..This movie was just random goofy names (from characters to potions),
and endless banter about some "legendary" tournament.Not much happened at all except what you knew was going to happen.
Potter got picked for the tourney.. no way? really? The "good guy" was
really the "bad guy". I figured that one out just before the Superman
preview..The acting was okay. Average at best. You cannot expect much from
generic actors though, so I didn't.This series has to be beat by now. I've seen this movie 15 times in the
last 10 years, just with different titles and characters.. oh yea, and
a more mature audience..Throughout the movie were little pieces of special effects.. from a
blue flame on a cup, to a tiny beam coming from a little wooden wand..
Although most effects were underly impressive, some were nice.The only real action in the whole movie was Potter having the same
"battle of magic beams" that was in Star Wars Episide III. Only this
time it ended with Potters mom telling him to stop.I did find parts of this movie humorous, although, I cannot say whether
it was from sheer boredom and winning bets with myself as to what came
next, or if it actually had decent comic relief..This movie received a 3/10 from me, the 3 is high, only for the few
laughs I did get and some decent effects.Sorry to all of you bandwagon fans out there, but I hope this series
dies with Beanie Babies and Tickle-Me-Elmo.
			
I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan, and have even used the books to teach my
children to read from hahaha. Also...I understand that the movie is
NEVER as good the books but...The first two movies were amazing! I
LOVED them, as did my children...The last two however (The Prisoner of
Askaban and the Goblet of Fire) were absolutely BUTCHERED! The special
effects were amazing as usual, but they cut out WAY too many crucial
elements to the story line...They changed WAY too much. I realize that
many things need to change from book to movie but...These changes were
just pathetic. Not to mention the fact that this Dumbledore is
HORRIBLE! I realize that there will never be another Richard Harris,
but...Is there No one that can see the vision of Albus Dumbledore as he
did? As Mrs Rowling has written him? I will not go see another Harry
Potter movie, and the Srocerers Stone and the Chamber of Secrets will
be the only ones I own. I only recommend this movie to those who have
NOT read the books!
			
You know I marked this post as a spoiler, because if you are truly a
Harry Potter Book fan, I want you to judge for yourself. This movie
started a storyline and just plain forgot to get back to it. They lost
the MAGIC of Harry Potter. My family of readers and I read the books
several times. Even the next morning, we still had to say it's awful. I
was not impressed leaving the theater. I don't know what to tell my two
nieces when they ask me to take them. I might as well read Goblet to
them. They would get more from that than this movie.If it wasn't for Fred and George's humor, I might have walked out an
hour into the movie.At this point, I doubt I will even buy the DVD.What Peter Jackson can put into a 3 hour movie is amazing. I think he's
free for ORDER!This was movie rubbish! Try to count how many times Ron spoke the
phrase "Bloody Hell". That was 80% of his lines.UGH!
			
Personally I think this is the weakest of the Harry Potter Films
released, But one of the best books so far, How on Earth could the
Director get the Picture so wrong???? I felt permanently detached from
everything, I even started to count the Carpet tiles on the Celing. So
much was wrong with this film!!! A real let down!! For anyone not
acquainted with the Harry Potter Book series may find this film very
disorientating and jumpy, those book fans out there will realise that
they have chopped and changed the story around, and, as you will all be
glad to hear, left all the good parts out. So if you wish to go see
this movie I beg of you not to get those hopes up, As for the high
rating on IMDb I have no idea!
			
It is rare that a film lives up to the book, quite understandable. Any
spectator & Harry Potter reader is aware of it. But how much you can
indulge? I don't comprehend how Rowling could agree on this script. The
movie is a disaster. And I see Kloves get the job for the next part as
well? If I was a producer I would not give the dude any job ever again.
From a magnificent plot tailored by Rowling he managed to make some
atrocious and puzzling B rate movie script. Obviously cuts leads to
some alteration of the original plot. Still things make you wonder and
frown, or even worse, you want to scream "what the f**!" Why on earth
the shy, mysterious and rather subtle Krug was made into a testosterone
pile of muscles? His romantic relationship with Hermione stays, yet it
is made completely ridiculous  listen to that and hold on your chair
firm, at some point Hermione tells Harry (about Krug) : victor is more
of physical being.not particularly loquacious. WTF???????? You won't
see a trace of house elves, thus the whole Barty Crouch Jr plot was
altered. You won't hear about his relation wit his father, you won't
hear his confession explaining various mysteries accumulated along the
storyline. And best of all, he pops in 1st scene of the movie, in the
room where Voldermort is discovered by the old housekeeper. In the
scene when Harry experiences Dumbledore memories Crouch Jr isn't even
on trial (wtf?) . He's denounced by Kharkaroff and appears like a
possessed fanatic shouting and screaming... Raping the plot isn't the
only thing Kloves managed. He also managed to add stuff of his own (God
forbid him ever write a script again)  like the 1st task scene where
all sudden the dragon instead of guarding the eggs comes off flying and
chasing Harry all over Hogwarts. 2nd task, since there is no Dobby,
brings Neville giving Harry the gilliweed, apparently a rare
ingredient, which of course Neville got outta nowhere. 3rd task is a
joke, NOT ONE creature appears in the maze, just wind and mist. No
sphinx, no spider, nada. The movies is full of bad written scenes and
things happening deus ex machina. Harry finds Barty Crouch dead (again
creative touch of Kloves... sigh) and goes to tell about it Dumbledore,
but never actually does! (lol?) The 2 schools arrive at Hogwarts, a
scene of cheering and interested looking students, yet the tournament
wasn't even announced. You won't see an inch of quidditch except a
short glance on teams entering the stadium during the world cup. Of
course , no Veelas either, which rapes in its turn the whole Fleur
Delacourt intriguing charm aspect. Hagrid brings Mme Maxime to show her
the dragons, she shouts ' Magnifique!' while you don't see any dragon
yet, they are in crates and only then few moments after break out...
Karkaroff is showed entering the room with the goblet of fire, yet his
involvement in the plot is never revealed. We are to think that he did
put Harry's name in it. If he didn't , why he ever entered that room so
sneaky way at all? Fact that Karkaroff runs away after the 3rd task is
not even mentioned. Dumbledore runs and shouts like an enraged nazi...
When Harry talks to Moody in his room, the chest moves and shakes
suspiciously (hint for morons added by Kloves) We got a dancing lesson
scene, not in the book, which Kloves obviously found of more added
value that all the things he shamelessly cut out already. Weezleys
don't appear for the 3rd task at all. There is no argument, no
developed scene between Dumbledore and Crouch which would explain what
problems will be facing Harry, Dumbledore in the next part. Rita the
paparazzi, animageus? Nope, you wont even know. I pity people who came
to see this film, not having read the book, because they might be
confused and lost, and I pity all HP fans for having endured this. If
Reader Digest rewrote Harry Potter, it would be not bad as this. And
from what I hear the next part is even worse. Read the book, it's
fantastic. Watch the movie at your own risk. Few weeks passed and I
still can't shake the disbelief you could make it so bad.
			
One thing I'd recommend to every person who votes HP-4 as the best in
the series, or anything but a disaster, would be to go back and watch
it again or, more importantly, read the book at least few more times to
get a sense of the story, characters and many other elements,...
Dumbledore, Voldemort and... almost every other character in this film
are portrayed as though the director had never read any of the Harry
Potter books in his life. I watched the film only once and will never
watch it again... unless, I really want to torture myself with a type
of pain that any cruciatus curse would ever deliver to a tasteful
person's mind. P.S. Most likely the worst Harry Potter movie ever!!!
			
I have started to watch the movie i commend the actors in the movie and
the book has brought my family closer together. But the Goblet of Fire
is a disgrace to that book and the essence of Harry Potter fans. I was
insulted when Dumbledore actions when that IS NOT DUMBLEDORE. The
actors were perfectly cast. I adore Harry Potter and I am a complete
NUT about them. These books got me to read again. Movie 1 and 2 held
the essence Movie 3 lost some of that and 4 was a total disgrace I
commend you the actors and you J.K. Rowlings for bringing the greatest
book to me and my families lives. Unfortunately the movie makers have
as usual have ruined the essence that they KNOW should be there for
their own BS in time restraints. Here is a hint MAKE ANOTHER FREAKING
MOVIE PUT IT INTO PARTS you IDIOTS. DOES it work well lets see it
worked with Lord of the Rings it worked with Stephen Kings IT it worked
with Robin Hood. Hmmm maybe it is you not the fans that might want to
rethink things . Like i said i adore the books. The movie is i am sorry
to say is not good at all.
			
Personally, as a movie fanatic and a HP book lover, I am sorely
disappointed with all of the HP movies. Casting Daniel Radcliffe as the
main character must have been the stupidest thing in the world to do.
Mr. Radcliffe can not act, can not cry, can not do much but stand there
repeating lines as from a script. I do not know why he was nominated
(along with Emma Watson) for a Critics' Choice Award for his part in
The Goblet of Fire, but I know one thing for sure, the only reason
Harry Potter is even receiving attention is an international phenomena
that has gotten too popular for people to notice the many flaws in the
entire fandom.
			
This movie was possibly the second worst movie I've seen in my entire
life (only Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was worse). Not
only did they fail to cover the nuances present in the book, but the
acting was just plain dull. Sirius Black only appears once in the
entire book and only through the flames! He's supposed to be staying in
Hogsmeade in a cave! The problems with Rita Skeeter were downplayed
dramatically as well, as were Harry's problems with his scar and
Voldemort. To the director/screenwriter: don't cut so much. If the
movie gets too long, oh well. If you're going to make a movie based on
a book, you need the nuances that are present inside the book.
			
I didn't like the movie, i may have liked it if it wasn't a series but
just a single film. In comparison with the previous movies this one is
worse. I have expected it to be a fairy tail, but instead i saw a lot
of action and computer animation (which is quite common for modern
films), i also found the movie too brutal. As for computer animation
and action scenes they are perfect, but I m tired of such films which
have flooded the world. The film is made out of the achievement of
previous films especially first two, very few new ideas were presented.
Don't think this film is good for children some scenes are very scary:)I liked Harry Potter for being magical movie, but this one is a film of
everyday life a common American-style movie.And also i didn't like the costumes, so common.Thank you
			
I enjoyed the books very much, I enjoyed the movies even more, until
now that is... What was the director thinking??? This should have been
two movies! Now it was like a series of little one lined trailers taken
out of the book. Suddenly not only Rupert Grint showed to be a bad
actor, even Daniel Radcliffe himself was terrible. Even worse, besides
the parts Emma Watson, Jason Isaacs, Michael Gambon and Alan Rickman
played, it was like the editors had a great idea: let's remove all the
scenes in which the actors perform well and let's show the visitors all
the others can't at all.It was amazing and shocking to see that the best parts were left overs
from Alfonso Cuarn's Prisoner of Azkaban: the art and props department
had very little to do I think, since they all used Alfonso's input.But hell, what can one expect from a 63 year old director I guess.The only reason I didn't walk out of theater was because i was there
with all my family of whom at least my mother seemed to enjoy herself
with this movie.I think the 12 year old next girl next to me illustrated this movie
best: 30 seconds before something would happen she said to her mother
exactly right what was going to take place (like: oh, there's gonna be
a shocking moment now) and after the movie she told me she never read
the books :( So a big thanks to mr. Mike Newell from turning the
magical Harry Potter world into a bad seventies circus act. And if you
disagree on this one: take a look on how both schools entered Hogwards,
my god,what a terrible circus act that turned out to be :( but hey,
take a look at yourself if you are a fan: not many i have met who
disagree with me on this one ...
			
Yes, this is the darkest Harry Potter yet. My goodness is it dark.
Therefore it must be very, very good.And then after all the reptilian satanic horror has been seared into
the minds of the youthful audience, there he is again - DumbleBore -
the most tedious old fraud in a cinematic series ever, wheeled on to
give some more of his bogus moral justification for what has just
preceded. You know the sort of stuff: ''Not even the most Powerful and
Evil Magician in the World can defeat a Mother's Love' (eh, why not? I
thought he was the most Powerful and Evil Magician in the World, etc)
The 'kids' are now reaching adolescence and so are sloppy, charmless,
foul mouthed  but they still can't act. In one scene, the guesting
Bulgarian Cup team come marching into the hall, tight formation,
disciplined action  in reality they would have slaughtered our sloppy
Brits in the tournament, and perhaps that would have made a better
picture.Ah well. I really did like the last Potter though, even though they are
all the same formula  that had a foreign Director who was obviously a
Craftsman and an Artist, and it had a script that didn't seem like it
was trying to cram an entire ludicrously unedited novel into a limited
running time.Probably the trouble with this entry it is that it is the first in the
series directed by an Englishman, and in that chippy way English
artists of whatever stripe have, he most likely wanted to eliminate
anything in the content that might be construed as simultaneously
Charming and English.
			
I can say some with certainty that this movie was as faithful as a
married woman in a roadside motel. There were no explanations as to why
certain things happen or didn't happen. Other things are left out
completely which is understandable given the size of the book, but in
this case not really. There were several holes in the storyline. Harry,
Ron, and Hermione were as stiff and bland as ever. Plus the casting of
Michael Gambon as Dumbledore has proved to be the biggest blunder in
the Harry Potter series so far. He's too energetic and he doesn't have
any gravitas whatsoever. After GOF, I don't know if I want to see the
next one.Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge HP fan. Been following the books since
they first came out, have read each of them 3 times, and have seen each
corresponding film in the theater, and I am very disappointed with the
way this one turned out.Mike Newell did to Harry Potter, what Joel Schumacher did to Batman
with Batman Forever and Batman & Robin and look how they turned out.
			
I'm basing my opinion simply on the movie not the book. I felt it was
probably the most boring piece of garbage yet. I can only hope that the
director for this one doesn't return for the following movies as i feel
he would only mess the rest of them up. I really loved the other movies
so i was totally disappointed when i saw this latest one.There really
isn't any one thing i didn't like...it was a whole bunch of crap all
rolled into one to make this a stinker...ah well lucky for the
franchise there are more to come to help forget this one. Apparently i
need to write more lines...so what else can i crap on for this horrible
movie. Acting was terrible all round... those twin guys are about as
cheesy as they come...
			
I was so looking forward to this fourth instalment, but was so so
disappointed, the script, editing and direction were all appalling at
times, what on earth Mike Newell thought he was doing I have no clue,
the story was completely dumbed down, all the subtlety of the book was
lost, and the inclusion of the Barty Crouch character so early on was a
disastrous choice. The movie could have been longer, but it did not
have to be, Newell took so many liberties with the book, extending key
scenes unnecessarily, ( task one- the dragon was ridiculous ), when he
instead could have developed the "story" more... funnily that's what I
thought a directors job was!! The scene with Sirius in the coals of the
fire was not only wrong, completely, but overly long with a 30 second
end that could have been used elsewhere, I just cannot put into words
my despair at seeing the might of Hollywood fail so utterly in
continuing what has become one of the most eagerly awaited and popular
series of films for years. I can only hope that the next in the series
is a step back to PoA which was masterful. And that whoever directs
keeps sad old Michael Gambon in line!!
			
clearly...the vision of a director is key in the interpretation of any
film.harry potter 3 was a clear departure from the prior two, and in my
opinion saved the series!so now that the producers have a good film under their belt, they go
right back to the same sticky sweet formula with just a touch of dark
edge...and lose everything.totally changed the book...and it's a pivotal book in the series...how
they are gonna cover that in the next film remains to be seen..but
they'll need to do so..unless they just wanna change everything.dumbledore is a buffoon in this one...in number 3 he was quirky at
best, but damn..in this one he's just plain befuddled.and the end, the scene that should have been the most dramatic and
drawn out...the rebirth of voldemort, was totally rushed, so they could
add a big dragon chace that never happened in the damn book.anywho....it's a crap movie...just watch number 3 over again and
imagine the same director doing a version of number 4...you'll enjoy it
more.
			
This movie should be a bomb... But it won't because of the popularity
of the books. I've read all the books and just like everyone else, buy
it on the day it's released. Then usually have it completely read the
next day. The first movies were also less than spectacular, but the
story line in this movie leaves you wondering, "What happened to the
rest of the characters? What of the house-elves, S.P.E.W, Padfoot
meeting in Hogsmead, etc... What happened to Dobby? Did they not want
to go into post production and make a little CG character? At least he
was in the last one. They made short work of the first 12 chapters of
the book, condensing them into about the first 15 minutes of the movie.
You never see the twins Fred and George do anything more than try to
get past the age line. Didn't they have a lot more candy and stuff?
Didn't Harry give them the $$ to start their joke shop? There wasn't
even a mention of the prize $$ in the movie at all! Don't these people
read the books before starting a film based on said book? Basically my
opinion is don't waste your money seeing this in the theater, even
though I know you will. Next time, I'm waiting till it comes out on
free TV like the others are now.
			
I'm a fan of both the books and the movies and I was crushingly
disappointed when i saw this movie. I thought maybe I didn't enjoy it
because i went to see it with my little sister who ran round than
cinema for a lot of the movie but that unfortunately this was far, far
from the truth. This movie was poor in almost every way possible, the
lack of story in the movie, the bad editing, the bad direction,its only
slight 'saving grace' was the acting which i must admit was pretty
damned good. However does not make up for the fact that this was the worst movie
yet!
			
any movie in which the boys wear more lipstick than the girls is for me
off to a bad start.....what is wrong with these make up people, don't
they look at the film. anyway the CGI bits were fun but but it made the
movie look like a video game on the X box....by contrast the outdoor
shots were like being doused by a bucket of ice water...they looked
terribly out of place. the poor actors looked like a bunch of silly
people dressed up for a fair who got lost looking for the food court.
as for the plot....what a bunch of nonsense....and what about that poor
girl that died in that maze....nobody even mentioned that she never
made it back...not even those strange girls in blue who by the way were
if anything even less interesting than the rest of the unattractive
cast of characters...and what a waste of the real talent...i swear some
of the "bits" in the movie were so bad they looked like they were made
by a ten year old with his very own video camera...stick that, 13 year
old....a ten year old would have done it with less pretentiousness..
			
I admit, I have never picked up a Harry Potter book in my life, and I
am judging this film, solely as a movie, not as a book.' With that
being said, this film is an editorial mess, jumping from one frame to
another with little exposition.Granted, I saw a cut of it at Warner Brothers studios back in 2005,
before it was released to the public, but, I am fairly sure that the
cut I saw was the final release cut of the film.The flow of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is atrocious. It simply
jumps from one bad CGI scene to the next.The characters are bland at best, and I really don't care about what
happens to them.Some of the sequences are unintentionally funny, such as Voldemort's
cohorts, which look like members of the KKK at a Klan rally.The film is a giant mess, and unless you're a huge fan of the books,
you really won't enjoy this film at all. I could care less what happens
to him or any of his companions in the future.Ralph Fiennes is badly miscast here, in one of his usual ham it up
villain roles.His Amon Goeth, from Schindler's List would eat Voldemort for
breakfast! Not to mention, Michael Gambom, an excellent English
character actor does a horrid job of playing Dumbledore, the headmaster
of Harry Potter's school who dresses in extremely shabby clothing.He looked more like a weird hippie wizard wanna be, in my opinion.Overall, Goblet of Fire is more of the same old Harry Potter, bland and
uninspiring! Two stars out of four at best.
			
I haven't read any of the books, but this film was mind-blasting crud.
This was supposed to be about a competition between wizards. Where was
the difficult magic, or the dangerous spells or finger-chewing danger.
The competition seemed to be decided by who could run the fastest. Now
here's my suggestion. HP in a dark forest. The sound of the pubescent
wizard-munching monster draws near. HP casts his mind back through
hours of magic lessons and remembers the spell that might help. BUT he
needs to gather all the ingredients for his potion. Imagine the
atmosphere as all is nearly ready, but he cant find any virgins blood.
Just then Hermione appears. HP pricks her (snigger) and adds her blood
to his potion. NOTHING!! "I I I I dddon't understand" stammers HP as
the monster crashes into the clearing. "Sorry" says Hermione, blushing.
"Why do you think I was here in the woods?" "Ron's been shagging my
brains out for the last 2 hours" HP gets eaten and the whole tedious
franchise comes to a welcome end. The END
			
Okay. I first saw the first Harry Potter movie, and was left amused and
satisfied. Later, I read the second book (after seeing the first movie,
why read the book? the most substantial story elements where already
there, and the second book didn't contradict anything), and was still
amused. Watching the movie, it seemed overall the same than the first.
Then I read the third book (the best one), and noticed that the
adaptation was a little rushed and mostly like a summary. Now, having
not read the Goblet of Fire (I couldn't find it in English), I saw the
film. Get ready, here it goes: First. It was way too repetitive. I mean, we already know Harry Potter
survived Voldermort (am I allowed to mention his name?). We don't need
to be reminded of it by every single Defense Against the Dark Arts
teacher in every single school year.Second. The characters were so unreal. Stupid Harry Potter doesn't make
a move to ask the Asian girl to the ball. And, even though she makes
suggestive eye contact with him, she ends up going with someone else.
WTF!!!!!!!!!!! Stupid Ron doesn't even try to not look ridiculous to
others. Stupid Ron's mother really thinks any person who wears that
ridiculous dress she sent her son won't look like an old woman (some
form of idiotic comic relief stunt). Stupid Hermione acts so dramatic
about really pointless stuff (she already knows Harry survived the
killing curse, why act so undignified?).Third. Apparently, Hogwarts is so small, the girl Harry wants to ask
out already agreed to go with his tournament rival, Cedric Diggory.
Also, Hermione, Harry's long time friend, is also going to the ball
with another rival of his, that Krum guy, if I can recall. I'm sorry,
but I just can't believe any of that.Fourth. Logic. Voldemort returns. Plain and simple. So the first three
movies with him dying in a more spiritual or symbolic form were totally
useless. Why wait to this one to appear? Fifth. Action. There isn't any.Sixth. The Goblet has no real importance to the story. It's just
incidental.Seventh. Dude, why would you make a contest of wizards where they get
killed? If none of them turns out to be that good, they just die, and
that's it? Eighth. Too much politics. It's not a simple plot, but a strange
conspiracy theory that doesn't really make sense. However, the politics
here are kid's stuff compared to "Order of the Phoenix".Ninth. Predictability. We don't need to read the final book to figure
out there's going to be a final showdown between Voldy and Harry and
who's ending up with who (Ron with Hermione), among other stuff.Tenth. Since the audience pretty much grows along with Harry, the story
is now oriented to teenagers, more than children. That results in
including relationships, dating and more young adult issues. This, in
hand, results in just a teen soap opera with a little magic in between.I was about to become a Harry Potter fan, because I liked the first
chapters, you know, the kiddie friendly magic. Since you were new to
the Hogwarts world, you felt amazed at the wondrous stuff and places
you went. Now, you end up not going anywhere new. No more spell lessons
(no real lessons whatsoever, actually). Only a cheesy tone and
overextended self-indulgence (yeah, I'm using fancy words). So, I
pretty much ended loathing that wiz kid (pun intended) with glasses, as
his inability to ask a girl out until it's too late pretty much sums up
his magical skills. The only thing I did enjoy was the music (although
it was far more John Williams than Patrick Doyle).To finish, I thought "The Soup's" version of the film was way better
(You know, the one where Harry and Ron are made to look gay).
			
Ralph Fiennes was alright, but the director ruined his scene. I don't
like that he took great parts out of the movie, but I can understand
it. I do not understand why he completely demolished the climax of the
movie. The director had Ralph talking as fast as those guys at the end
of a car commercial. Also, there was absolutely no transition to the
scenes in the movie. It went straight from the bus to foreign schools
arriving at Hogwarts. I did think that they did okay with the first and
second tasks. The third task was just sad. Oh no, vines. Anything but
vines. That couldn't get a five year old's heart pumping. Emma Watson's
acting has gone way downhill. Her cry scene after the yule ball was
almost as bad as Harry's in POA after he found out that James and
Sirius were friends. I would say the best part of the movie was Alastor
Moody, but when he turned into Barty Crouch Jr, they included nothing
except Dumbledoor saying that they were short a prisoner. If you have
to take a scene out, do it. But don't ruin the scenes that you put in.
If you see this movie, don't expect much.
			
I looked forward to this installment of the Potter series with
anticipation and hope that the magic in Rowling's story would be
present. The film fails in this because it the story is told up front
and close. All depth to the story is fuzzy and blotted out. Missing are
countless characters in the storythat effect Harry Potters life. The
Ghosts, Dobby, The Dursley's, Mrs. Weasley, and as always Peeves the
Poltergeist. (In my opinion, if the dragon scene had been presented as
Rowling's wrote it, there would have been time to add some of the
MIA's.) Key elements of the story are missing, other elements are
incomplete, and the director and the writer have taken great liberties
that are uncalled for. People come to see Rowling's story visually
expressed; anything else is a waste.
			
Right after watching Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire I had to just
laugh. Why? Possibly because the film I had just seen was more absurd
than magical. Possibly because the acting was so bad. Perhaps it was
because the story was generic garbage, or the climax was pathetic, or
because it was the same boring plot line that the other Harry Potter
books followed. Then again, the most likely reason I was laughing was
to soften the blow that I had just wasted seven bucks on this
unimaginative, uninteresting, and completely forgettable motion
picture. It is not a masterpiece as you have been constantly told, nor
is it a good movie or even a mediocre one. It is nothing.There is no
heart or soul to this film. There is no substance to anything happening
on screen. Don't waste your time on this movie, or the Harry Potter
franchise. You'll save yourself some time, your brain, and seven bucks.
			
I thought that the film was awful. But i also felt that it didn't do
the book much justice. The goblet of fire is my favourite book and
there are loads of things which are explained in the book which aren't
in the film like how harry got into the prefects bathroom, how he found
out the accio part etc. But also other parts like the mer-people and
the dragon were also quite fascinating and when Cedric got killed it
was also very sad. I thought that the part in the maze was also really
really good and the port key was well illustrated. The Dark Mark was a
huge disappointment as was the start part and the reappearance of James
and Lilly Potter Harrys parents. The quiditch world cup was fantastic
and harry fighting the Hungarian horntail was to. The yule ball was
wrecked in parts but Hermione looked stunning and should have her hair
straight most of the time but in the book it doesn't turn into a rock
concert which is what it seemed to turn into. Who on earth won the
wizard world cup and also the part where harry has a rather spectacular
escape which was unfortunately left out of the film. The director was
rubbish and should never be able to touch another harry potter movie
sirius should have been in more the flu network was extremely badly
represented there was only one lesson which was not good at all the
absolutely nothing in the film was explained at all. I hated the film
but i would recommend it to people who cant be bothered to read the
book but wouldn't recommend it to people who like the books. I dread to
think how dumbledores going to react in the next film because the way
he reacted when Harry's name came out of the goblet was atrocious and
he wouldn't even do that to a pupil of hogwarts let alone harry. The
dragon doesn't escape from the pen or his chain doesn't break and if it
did then there would be people there to stop the massive chase after.
The scene in the graveyard was really bad and voldermort was extremely
badly interpreted. Id rate it 0 but you cant so ill rate it 1. Bitterly
Bitterly Disappointed.
			
The book was written for children, but the screenplay for this movie
was written by a child. The story in the movie was not developed at
all. Watching the movie was a very unsatisfying experience. Major
conflicts between the characters in the movie were not explained.
animosity would just suddenly appear between characters, and just as
suddenly disappear without any reason. Maybe the movie could best be
described as a video scrapbook of the novel highlighting key points in
the story, and eliminating everything in between; this method was
successful in eliminating the significance of these points. bad, awful,
incoherent, poor, sorry, two thumbs down, junky, poopy, stinky, bland,
boring, inconsistent, eeckh...
			
Overall, every single HP movie has been an insult to JK Rowling, her
beloved characters, and fans. Apparently the movies are being made
strictly for money and have no love (the most potent magic of all) in
them. Perhaps Peter Jackson will agree to remake them someday.Other than a few key actors: Rickman, Smith, Walters, Isaacs, Grint,
and Felton the movies would be unbearable to watch. Everyone else is
fair (Radcliffe and Watson included) to shamefully miscast (Gambon in
particular).Anyone who rates the HP movies above a D, are either "kept" critics
(most are) or, along with the directors and editors of the movies, have
clearly not read the books.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, where to start? One movie i was
eagerly waiting to see it in the cinemas and then to find out it is
complete utter rubbish. These are the reasons as to why i believe this
to be the case 1. The movie barely contains anything that is in the book, eg The maze
scene, in the book there are suppose to be dangerous mythical creatures
that attack Harry and the other contestants, in the movie there are no
creatures of any kind, its the hedges that attack the contestants,
whats up with that? 2. There are definite plot holes in the movie like when Harry looks at
the dead Barty Crouch and goes to alarm Dumbledore, then when he sees
Dumbledore he completely forgets about it? What on earth, how can you
forget a thing such as a person murdered? 3. Mike Newell (director of this movie) is the worst director in a
decade.4. Where is Dobby and Winky the house elves? in the book they are two
of the most central characters 5. David Tennant did not portray Barty Crouch Jr at all well, he was
way too old for the role.6. When Harry talks to Sirius in the fire, you cant even tell its
Sirius, so how on earth can Harry tell its Sirius? 7. Michael Gambon
does a horrible job of Dumbledore, Dumbledore isn't meant to be
aggressive as seen in the movie, he is meant to be calm in any
situation, clearly the screenwriters and Gambon didn't think it
through.8. If JK Rowling wrote the series, why cant they rely on her to do the
screenplay? it would make much more sense.9. Viktor Krum barely has a speaking part in the movie, we as the
audience should have seen the chemistry between him and Hermione much
more.10. Finally, anyone who gave this movie a high rating obviously isn't a
potter fan and hasn't read the book properly or not at all.Overall, I'm sorry for this movie, i feel sorry for JK Rowling who's
masterpiece has shattered on screen. Hopefull HP6 can live up to its
expectations.
			
You know I really have to blame my ex girlfriend, co-worker, and
friends for getting me into the whole Harry Potter thing. I'm really
giving you guys a review from 2 perspectives. One: being if you
*lighty* or never read the book and just see the movies when they come
out. Two: Being the hard core Harry Potter fan who reads the books
extensively and anticipates the movies to come out. I fortunately have
had the pleasure of being on both sides of the barrel. Not being
familiar with the series at all 5 yrs ago. I saw the first 2 movies and
enjoyed them. Then went back and read all the books up to Half Blood
Prince. I must say up until Goblet Of Fire...on the motion picture side
the studios have done a great job staying true to the book. This one
however strayed away from J.K. Rowlings classic so much it wasn't even
enjoyable. Although I am aware of studio budgets and having to complete
a film in under 3 hrs, key elements of the film were left out. Hagrids
back story, Harry giving his winnings to Fred & George to set up the
joke shop, No Doby leaving a scratch the surface plot on Barty Crouch
story, and cameo's from Riter Skeeter...Sirius Black...and Draco Malfoy
who played key characters in the book. The movies did have it's bright
moments though. I enjoyed the humorous Professor Moody, Fred and George
were equally comical, and the dark graveyard scene with the battle
versus Lord Voltimort was the climax of the movie. However overall this
movie was the worst rendition of the book. Which leads me to say: *If
you read the book you'll hate it, If you just see the movies you'll
like it*
			
I went into GoF with relatively high expectations after the commendable
turnaround work of PoA. After 2+ hours, I left the movie theater
feeling rather... empty (and questioning whether I really had just
watched a movie at all). Although, I realize the challenges that the
screenwriter and director must have faced in adapting such a lengthy
book, the effort was glaringly unfocused. The main theme of the 4th
book was the Triwizard Tournament, yet the movie gives almost no
emphasis on the overarching event besides the spectacle itself.
Character development was sacrificed for special effects, and much of
the core interaction seemed contrived. My main criticism is that unlike
the seamless flow of PoA, GoF essentially carried itself from scene to
scene with cringe-worthy transitions if any. And while the acting of
the Gryffindor Trio has improved somewhat, the overall effect still
left much to be desired. If forced to make a comparison, I would say
that GoF is still better than SS and CoS but a definite regression from
PoA. Ultimately, it felt as if the movie wanted to do everything at
once and ended up doing almost nothing quite well enough.
			
I have to admit, thankfully, that I didn't have to pay to see Goblet of
Fire, since a friend of mine works at a local AMC theater and let me in
to see it for free.Now, that I think about it, I'm totally glad, because, in my opinion,
Goblet of Fire is far worse than Prisoner of Azkaban.In my opinion, the screenwriter cut out far too much from the book, in
this case, the Dursleys, which are an important part of Harry's life,
the house elves, and even the quidditch matches were cut this time.The magic of the first two films, is completely gone, as are the
enjoyment of the books. While watching Goblet of Fire, I felt none of
the magic of reading the book. It's as if the producers wanted to cram
in as many special effects and bad jokes as possible.I felt that Ron was completely annoying this time, and Sirius Black was
completely looked over. And the Yule Ball was a complete joke.I just feel that the Harry Potter films are getting worse and worse,
and I will not pay to see any of them in theaters. Each installment I
see from this day forward will be on DVD, not in theaters, as I feel
that the studio is looking at these as a way to make a quick buck off
of the fans of the book series.Not to mention I didn't feel one bit scarred at the final unveiling of
Voldemort, to me he was more irritating than scary at all!A complete waste of money and time, in my opinion, read the book, it's
far better.I just hope that Chronicles of Narnia, which comes out in two weeks, is
a better film than Goblet of Fire, which really disappointed me, as
well as many other members of the audiences I saw it with!Bring back Chris Columbus, at least he could tap into the magic of the
books, and not make it into something far less.(Well, at least I didn't have to pay to see it!)
			
At last the best book in the series gets onto the big screen. Was it
worth the wait; No! It was a waste of time, I wish I could get my two
and half hours back. The film leaves out all the great scenes in the
novel and presents us with a film a ten year old made on his IMac. The
acting however is great however miscast should be the word used to
describe it. Ralph Fiennes, a great actor, is not right for Voldermort.
He in my opinion is too nice. If it wasn't for JK Rowlings stance on an
all British/European Cast, the character would have been greatly
realised. In my opinion either John Malkovich or Willen Dafoe would
have been amazing in the role. Miranda Richardson, despite giving a
great performance as Rita Skeeter, is just too pretty for the role. If
you grew up in England during the 1980s, many would know that
Richardson was a pin up, and in my POV still is. Brendon Gleeson
however is perfect casting for Moody, he has the appearance and the
behaviour. I hope he continues. As for the kids, Radcliffe gets worse
as time goes on. Whilst Watson and Grint have 'Wasted Talent' written
over their CV's, I hope they leave the Hogwarts set and enlist in
another production. Robert Pattison as Cedric Diggory surprised me with
his performance, shame he isn't younger cause he would be fantastic for
the Harry Potter role. Whilst Katie Leung as Cho Chang is beyond
description since she is rarely seen, also she's annoying. Overall this
film lacked all the imagination that made the book great. Not
recommended for either HP fans nor for the uninitiated.
			
I read all the books of Rouling.And all the books were better from
films.But in the first three movies if you don't read the books you
will understand all happen in the film.But after I watched the forth
film I was very disapoted,50% of the book was cut.It is the worth movie
about Harry!If you saw the trailer you will be more
disappointed,because then I saw the trailer,I thought about great
movie,but all the beauty of the film you can watch in the trailer and
nothing alls. I think Warner Brothers made a mistacke,they have to do
or 3 hours or to make two parts. I wonder what will they do with fiveth
part,which bigger then the fourth?
			
I did not like this movie at all. It cut out many characters and it
only focused on the tournament. It was only 2.5 hours long for a 7??
page book but the Lord of the rings was 3 hour for a 300-400 page book.
Personnaly I think they could have done a lot better. They could have
also included Dobby and Winky in it. I know they had to shorten and
make it good for younger children but still they could have added more.
It had good special effects and all that but now days all they care
about is making money. The book was a lot , lot better than the movie.
Overall I would give this movie a 1. I would give it 7 for special
effects and a 1-2 for following the storyline. I personally did not
like it at all.
			
although the film does try to stick to the book (apparently) i cant
help but feel the films are aiming more and more towards the really
young kids. Harry Potter is enjoyed by everyone, and i think its a
shame that the older teenagers cant enjoy the film. The plot of the
film also trails off at a tangent, and although keeping the triwizard
tournament the focus, they mess around with the barty crouch stuff and
moody stuff. all in all, and extra 20 minutes wouldn't have hurt the
director to add those extra bits in. QUite disappointing, only watch if
you have read the book, as you may not understand everything. The only
decent bit was the end biot with voldermort, it woz pretty much
accurate, and voldemort looked like i imagined him, that is the only
reason the films gets a one in my opinion.
			
I just shelled out my eight dollars or so to see this film. A friend
wanted to see it and now I know why she wanted me to pay. I wish
someone had payed me instead. I found this film simply boring. So much
so that I almost fell asleep. It is too long and uses the Hollywood
standard of using special effects to cover the fact that there is no
story. It is about teenagers who do not look like teens and magic. I
guess I can see why kids or kid-like adults would like this film. Sorry
to be negative, but there just is not anything there. For Harry Potter
fans this film may hit the mark; otherwise find something else. Even an
old Hammer film is better.
			
Overall, I thought this was definitely the worst of series so far.
Everything in it just seemed so crammed and rushed for time. Nothing in
the movie really seemed to capture many of the exciting or interesting
parts of the book. Things like the Qudditch match were just horribly
short, and not even appealing to watch. As for the maze, many of the
interesting tasks from the book were just thrown aside. If things like
this are going to be included, I would think that it would at least be
done right. I would have definitely sat through an extra half hour or
more to see these things done well. The acting didn't impress me much
either, but what added to painfulness of watching the movie the most
was Dumbledore, whose acting I thought was just terrible at points in
the film (mainly near the end). Judging by the quality of the Order of
the Phoenix, I can tell that the movies will get better, and hopefully
no more books will be this badly portrayed again.
			
My favorite genre is fantasy & science fiction. While I have never been
a big fan of the Harry Potter storyline, I like to keep an open mind. I
have to say the cinematography and special effects are absolutely
magnificent, and the creatures from ancient mythology are always a
treat. There are also moments with a wonderful sense of humor, which is
especially appreciated. But, when all is said and done, I found this
particular Harry Potter episode alternating too often between boring
and disturbing.First, the disturbing. An amputation, the brutal murder of a young man,
an act of torture, and the wailing of a grieving father, in quick
succession, was rather demoralizing, to put it mildly. One thing is for
sure: This movie is certainly not made with young children in mind.Was all this intense violence really necessary for what is essentially
a movie series for children and teens? In my opinion, it's a sign of
poor writing, or worse, pandering to the audience. I can appreciate the
need to be edgy and sensational, and the desire to maximize one's
profits. But does everything have to be so black and white in the Harry
Potter universe? After a while it's starts to become a clich, and
that's boring! The screen writing had a lot to be desired. The editing
was terrible. There was a lot of meaningless or annoying dialog. Some
of the acting was very weak and shrill.With all the money this film rakes in the Director should be getting
the best teen actors in the world, even for minor, or cameo roles. I
just can't believe how predictable much of the acting is! At times,
it's like a broken record! Then on the other hand, you have some top
adult talent that barely gets to say a word, like the Maggie Smith
character.I guess I'm expecting way too much from a formula-type film. Something
which clearly reflects the dualism in our Judeo-Christian tradition,
and our Capitalist system of putting profits first, and everything
else, like art, second!
			
GOF, it's mediocre, i (after of this b*******) say ''all the pictures
of Harry Potter are good''... but this to the twenty min. i give the
critic reportage, when i coming to my home and my father ask me ''are
good?'' i say ''what piece of s***'', the picture move so faster, why?.
for the duration, need to be the same, for that, the f****** a*******
(director and the adapter), leave in the screen one picture of s*** but
sell out for that, i ask what a f*** Warner pay to the a*******, makers
of this f*** picture?, why?, why the Warner don't pay to one director
what don't be an a*******, here the ac tings are very bad, just the
a******* like one of my f*** friends say ''whit mother (in Spanish want
to say ''exelent'')'' like for what the special effects, here pay to
much but noting, i hope what intelligent people critic this picture not
for the effects, but also for the script, the director and the acts
			
nothing to spoil, i joined just to tell you to save your money and go
see ANYTHING else. i am sad i spent the money. wow and i thought #3 was
bad, this makes it look Oscar worthy. the movie was poorly edited and
characters were removed. if you are going to change things in the
interest of time, at least cut the whole thing or character! and if
things don't make it shorter, why change them? also way overboard on
the CG effects, maybe 2 movies would have been a good idea. the girls
were not very pretty. I don't know how they can possibly continue after
removing essential plot elements, like the plot. the film sor of jumped
from one scene to the next with little transition and dumbledore can
suck it. he has no grasp on the sprightly wise kindly character in the
book. Hermione is way to pretty and confidant, in the books she is
awkward and gangly and a know it all, but by the second movie she was
all cute little popular girl looking. The ghosts seem to have
disappeared from the plot all together as well as house elves and the
maurauders map, which was sort of ditched in film 3. also they could
use a haircut, all of them. and since when do they wear muggle clothes?
			
I admit, I've only seen one of the other HP movies and have read none
of the books. After seeing this movie, I'm glad I haven't wasted my
time with any of the other movies/books. First of all, the filming was
poor at best. Too many shots directly into the sun and hard-to-follow
motion scenes distracted viewers from the pathetic plot. The story was
missing crucial elements, and even though I forced myself to sleep
through the second half I'm glad I couldn't understand the first part.
For example, the movie starts with what you assume is a dream, and then
all of a sudden six or seven people are touching a boot and flying.
Why? No one really knows. The fun doesn't stop there. Moments later the
city of tents is burned down by someone after a game no one bothered
explaining and soon the wizards are competing in some contest with a
bunch of people that haven't been introduced. C'mon, I know a little
about the series, but some sort of introduction would have been nice. I
award this movie no points, and may the director never find work again.
			
What the heck were the producers and director thinking? This move was
the equivalent of a bad haircut- choppy, incomplete, and completely
unprofessional. I love the book series Harry Potter, but this movie
doesn't even come close to the others(yes even the first two cheeky
ones.) For example, It skipped over really important things like the
house elves, Winky at the world cup, and S.P.E.W. The only 2% worth
watching is the graveyard scene. Ralph Finnes is excellent as Lord
Voldemort, Dumbledore is portrayed in this movie as an arrogant, angry,
bitter old man, who yells at Harry and doesn't believe him. While the
cheeky three(Harry,Ron, and Hermione)have improved as actors, but all
the actors direction is bad. I would NOT see this movie unless you are
a die-hard fan of Harry Potter, but other than that don't see this.
			
After a pleasant, enjoyable romp with Chris Columbus, and a true
suspenseful masterpiece by Cuaron to venture into the dark world of
Harry Potter, Newell falls completely flat attempting a poor mix of the
two genres.The movie exposed the acting talents of the child stars previously
deftly covered up in the earlier movies. I know this comment will fall
on deaf ears for all the blind love that goes along with Harry Potter,
but this installment was a true disappointment.does anyone else share this opinion? I have faith in the IMDb users
that at least some out there will agree with me.
			
I've never read nor have I seen any of the Harry Potter books or the
previous movies, but having heard all positive comments regarding them
I went to see this movie. Half way through the movie, I realized that
because I didn't read the book, most of the movie did not make any sort
of sense to me. I also got the feeling that they cut out VAST amounts
of plot from the book, so much that the movie just felt like a vague
outline of an otherwise (maybe) enjoyable story. Scene development were
terrible to the point that MANY events went unexplained. Maybe to the
elementary school kids, this is OK, but as an educated college student,
it frustrated me to no ends. To top off a movie with no plot
continuity, the ending made absolutely no attempt to salvage anything
and ended on an extremely bland and lifeless note.And yes, the special effects were awesome. But, at some point you have
to grow up and realize that flying dragons and cool effects do not make
up for a badly written script.Maybe Harry Potter is just not for me, but after the movie, I've been
told that none of the previous three movies were anywhere close to the
inferior quality of this movie (drawing the analogy of Harry Potter IV
is to HP I as Matrix II is to Matrix I) and that I should be a more
objective person and not judge the entire Harry Potter series based on
this disappointing experience.
			
This movie is without a shadow of a doubt one of the biggest pieces of
trash to come out in a long while. Daniel Radcliffe is a horrible
excuse for an actor, and I give much more credit to his accomplices, as
it must have been a challenge to work with what many consider to be the
equivalent of a brick wall. The movie did provide some comic relief,
which was just about every time Harry had to do some sort of strenuous
acting, and the looks on his face were quite jestful indeed. The troop
of students from the school "Durmstrang" looked like a reenactment of a
corrupted Nazi Youth movement, with their yelling in a Germanic tongue
and marching in very stiffly. Anyone that would seriously enjoy this
movie has either a mental defect, or is under the age of 3.
			
i am an avid member of harry potter club and we went to see it at
midnight. after waiting and waiting it starts, how it should supposed
too, with harry's dream, but then we find him already at the weaselly's
instead of at home with Dudley, we get none of the scene with the ton
tongue toffee. Also the caddish world cup was very weak, we don't get
to see any of the character set up for , Barty crouch and ludo bag-man.
also since we never get to see the Percy as crouch's assistant. also we
don't get to see the team mascots and we hardly see any caddish. also
the Wesley/ Malory conflict was not there, (which sets up
characterization for the death eater scene) because the Wesley's don't
sit in the ministers box! also the whole house elf story line is left
out which was really disappointing, because it played such a main role
in the book, and we never get the whole Barty crouch/ son conflict
going on. another thing was that they left out any mad eye snap tension
which was odd. also the Draco harry conflict was not there. the nd task
was the best part of the movie the cinematography was amazing and its
exactly like the book. also there is no classes shown which is quite
annoying since thats always on of my favorite parts. another thing that
upset me was there was no developing of the twins joke shop. in the end
they never even get the galleons. also their were no ha grid Spence
like with those crab things none of that happened, no riflers either.
the third task sucked, it was a bunch of moving bushes no animals. the
voltmeter confrontation was amazingly good, and so was after wards,
until moody takes harry, but due to the lack of house elf's it don;t
make very much sense that crouch's son just appear's. also i forgot
their is no SPEW, which left Hermine's angry sometimes hard to figure
it out. the movie was good,but they left out too much i would have
rather had it be longer and less effects then what it was.
			
I go to the cinema with some family friends and I was terrified! Was
the worst movie I ever seen. Really! A-W-F-U-L! I mean, what kind of
people would watch at this movie? I think those who are ill with this
dangerous virus named ,,harry potter''. Like I said before, I was at
the cinema with some family friends and my mother. Those friends payed
to go there! Their money went to the garbage. I'm not a harry potter
fan, that's right, but the scenes in this movie were just...awful! I
saw movies that were much, much better than this one. Like Radio Flyer.
Radio Flyer was great. My vote for Harry potter and the goblet of ,,shit''
0,000000000000000000000000000000000001/10
			
to all those who have read the book have to agree on that this movie
stunk. they left out so many characters that i looked forward to seeing
such as (and these are just a few) Dobby, Winky, Charlie Weasley, Bill
Weasely, Molly Weasely, The Dursleys and so many more important people.
Basically this movie had no background characters to support the main
theme. They left out the scene where harry and his friends where under
the impervious and they left out that Hagrid was Half Giant, but most
importantly they left out the Weasely's Wizard Wheezes. Harry Didn't
get to see any of their inventions in the movie, nor did he give them
his gold (im not even sure that he got his gold) in other words, this
movie stunk like crud.
			
I have seen a lot of bad movies in my time, especially back in the day
when USA used to show late night trash movies that were so bad that
they had a comical entertaining value. Unfortunately for the Goblet of
Fire, it has little value at all. Yes, the special effects were nice
but were really not spectacular, rather sub par actually. The movie
droned on for ever and ever and ever, without a climax, without good
character development, and without anything to really keep your
attention. I felt like I was watching a 2 and a half hour intro(like
many of us may feel when listening the full version of Metallica
songs). I know a lot of people will give me evil looks for this review
but please, just because it is Harry Potter, does not mean it is so
great. After about the first 30 to 45 min of the movie, I probably
checked my watch every 20 minutes wondering when the movie would end.
So I understand if you have to see the movie because you simply have to
see Harry Potter but all I can say is that you will be wasting your
money for a movie that just made to my top 10 worst movies of all time
list and I don't say this lightly. If you must be entertained, just
stick with the book.
			
Well I cannot hide it. The movie was extraordinarily horrific. Not only
have they chosen to cut out 70% of the book (I am not a mathematician
so don't get anal about that figure), but they have also chosen to
change, even omit, certain details when adapting the book.Firstly there is the opening sequence with Frank Bryce being murdered
in the Riddle-mansion. According to the book only Wormtail, Nagini and
Voldemort are present apart from Bryce. But Barty Crouch Jr. is for no
real apparent reason also in the room with them. This removes an entire
storyline. It is no longer possible for us to discover how Barty Crouch
Sr. has staged his own sons's death, it removes Winky from the story
and also the episode at the Quidditch World Cup. Which reminds me, what
happened there? The match wasn't shown, Ludo Bagman doesn't appear (
and his wager with the twins disappears as well ) we are not introduced
to the Veela and so we cannot find any reasonable explanation as to why
Fleur has such a great effect on Ron. The other Weasly brothers are not
shown ( Charlie should have been there to take care of the dragons ),
Amos Diggory is not given a chance to talk so much about how good his
son was against Harry in Quidditch ( and Cedric at first seems somewhat
arrogant and not at all like he is depicted in the book )and believe me
I could go on. I never understood why they were not in the 'fancy' box
at the World Cup, and why O' why were we not allowed to see Narcissa
Malfoy?As for the acting I still think the first two were the best in this
respect with the first one as a clear number one. Rupert Grint and Emma
Watson carry out their roles in a manner above acceptable. Daniel
Radcliffe should be sacked and thrown off the set. I do not wish to
resort to mudslinging but he is dreadful in this movie. He was good in
the first two, halfway decent in the third, but in this his acting is
downright poor. He delivers his lines with almost an air of
indifference, pay close attention to his reaction when he returns from
the encounter with Voldemort, he is supposed to cry but he is not
convincing. His performance makes Steven Seagal seem a right Lawrence
Olivier in comparison. Michael Gambon is normally a highly regarded
actor but it pains me to say that he has no business playing
Dumbledore. Richard Harris made that character come to life. He acted
the part so brilliantly that I truly believe that they should have
stopped after his death. Michael Gambon does not portray Dumbledore as
well as Harris. Sometimes he seems even weak, off balanced and not in
control. In essence he does not portray Dumbledore but someone posing
as Dumbledore. (That's the way it seems). The other actors perform
adequately but nothing more.I was also surprised at the absence of communication with Sirius and
equally surprised at his physical absence at the end of the movie (as
he should have been there according to the book).There are numerous other flaws, mistakes, changes, omissions, etc. but
I will not bore you with them all here. Bottom line is that this movie
is right insult to the books. The story is much too quickly paced, the
storyline of the movie leaves one wanting to know more (the things one
wants to know were actually revealed in the book), and the story is
generally uninteresting. As a whole the movie is not worth watching and
by the Force, do I wish I hadn't. Biggest disappointment was, however,
Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort. I have no words for this atrocity they call
acting. Fiennes is generally a brilliant actor but his performance in
this movie should be forbidden by law.In fact, the creators of this movie should sit down and say: "Crap! We
naused it up, lads. Let's call it a do-over."I give it 1 out of 10 but only because there is no lower grade. This is
possibly the worst movie of the last decade. And yes, I saw Deep
Impact.
			
I love the books write, the movies was the most stupidest not even
scary thing ever! it wasn't even scary! I wouldn't recommend anyone
seeing it as its very stupid! Who ever likes this movie is crazy, and
boring. I thought the first 3 were OK but first the Daniel guy is UGLY!
man they need a hot harry potter (I'm allowed to like him cause I'm
only like 13) and I look my cousin who's 8 along and even he said it
was pathetic, and whoever thinks its scary is CRAZY! its like sooo
boring and not scary and if you think it is scary you need to get out
some HORRORS not baby kids movies. And by the way THE MOVIES IS -10/10
not just 1
			
I love this series, but this movie confused me. I was really
disappointed. Perhaps the world created in the previous movies was not
to Mike Newell's (the director) liking, but entirely changing the world
(except for the ricketty bridge) in this movie really detracted from
the flow and interest. This change was the first of many that seemed
unnecessary in this film, both from the previous movies and from the
books. While the dragon scene was exhilarating, there was almost no
connection in that scene to the book, which I thought was a better
story. Also, the Clock tower, which was forefront in the previous
movie, was changed--WHY? This movie was also very choppy, I understand
it's a long book, and therefore difficult to compress into a movie, but
I have been told by those who haven't read the books that they couldn't
follow it at all. Would it have been that bad to add an extra half hour
if it would have made it smoother? Come on here, the movie and books
have almost a cult following. On the other hand, I was impressed by the
use of facial expressions to portray the emotions which could not
easily be displayed in a movie, but beyond that, the movie was
horrible.
			
**** I never liked Harry Potter 1 and 2 but part 3 was great!!! ****
Everything what I Liked about Harry Potter 3 is ruined! The special
effects was good but the action isn't! First of all Daniel Radcliffe is
a great actor there is nothing wrong with that! But the stunts that he
must perform was a little NON realistic! I can't say that no one like
the stunts he perform some people admire him but not me!!! I am not
gonna spoil anything for you! It isn't a movie like the third part! But
again something different! Like all new directors do! In this case Mike
Newell! Yes, some HP fans say it is not true but watching the premiere in
London for the first time! I saw how STUPID this movie really was! It
was viewable but I can't say it was better than part 3! Perhaps better
than part 1 and 2 combined! If you like fireworks with no plot and
feelings this movie is for you! If you want to see the sparkle what
made HP3 possible than this movie is probably disappoint YOU BIG time~!
LOL the characters are NOT in a GOOD MOOD while the shooting this
movie! You can see it on their faces or they are afraid!10 REASONS =1. It was quite disappointing. 2. It was MORE darker than HP3 but not
in a cheesy FUN WAY! 3. I always thought that the Candy Shop and Snow
at more to children's movie of part 3! 4. I wasn't waiting for HP
falling in love with Cho Chang! 5. AAAAAAAARGH the Computer graphics we
all seen it before and yes it is getting pretty OLD! 6. New Characters
UHM well not GOOD I must say! Back to actor school with those dudes! 7.
Story-line isn't that big but the action isn't that great either! 8. It
just looked like series and OMG the English LANGUAGE with new
characters! 9. STOP creating any HP MOVIES only if it is reasonable to
make and PPPPPPPPlease don't make this movie JUST FOR THE
MERCHANDISING! 10. Stick with part 3 and it was more exciting than part
4 ever was! Even without the close relationship of the main characters!
Come on people! Be honest this isn't really great!FINAL QUESTION:Why did Mike Newell get the JOB?A REALLY BIG LET DOWN!If they are gonna get a standard like HP 3 again it is just plain
LUCKY! Just don't hope it will happen soon again!All points that Griff. has won! Again at 0 points where it started!
BLOCKED FOREVER by a magic spell!By the way! (Don't WATCH it) IT IS TOO EVIL LIKE VOLDEMORT to CREATE
SUCH MOVIE! Oh yeah (MAGIC TIME NOT INCLUDED!)I broke my MAGIC stick for this because I was mad at Mike Newell and it
gave me nightmares because it was so bad! Then I will break things in
Mike Newell Office for this! Leviosa or something! Cheers from London!
			
Ever seen those companion books for kids that come out around the same
time as a movie? They are mostly filled with big pictures and little
explanation about what actually happens in the film. Goblet of Fire is
basically the same thing - only opposite. It is a picture-book-type
movie that has been made as a companion to a book already released. It
offers no explanation to the plot (rarely even provides a plot), and is
filled with lots of big pictures that only make sense if you have read
the book.I realize that the book was very long, and that kids only have a
limited attention span, so some things need to be cut out, but hardly
any of the scenes even connected together and there is little
explanation as to why things are occurring to Harry and his companions.
This film is just a series of unconnected scenes.If you have read the books, then the following shouldn't be a spoiler,
but it will spoil what they actually include in the movie.As I said, they were pressed for time, but why then did they extend the
scene with Harry battling his dragon for so long? Most of that scene
was completely unnecessary. Very little is shown of the World Cup (no
actual quidditch), little explanation is given for the Death Eaters'
attack, Dobby and Winky are no where in the film (so they show Barty
Crouch Jr. sending up the Dark Mark right away without Rawlings'
intention of making it seem like he is innocent), the actual death of
Barty Crouch is not explained at all (they just show his dead body),
there is very little explanation of Harry's duel with Voldemort
(Dumbledore simply says they went through Priori Incantatem, and thats
it), they never explained how Barty Crouch Jr. escaped from Azkaban,
they changed the maze challenge completely so that you don't realize
that Krum is under the Imperius Curse, there are no obstacles in the
maze (no sphinx, no monsters, etc, just the maze itself changing its
walls around), and as I said before - very rarely do scenes actually
connect; the plot just jumps around from one scene to the next. Those
are just a few of the things that were very wrong with the film.I hate to imagine how people who haven't seen the film would think of
it. I think the reason why others are giving this a good review is
because its been long enough since they have read the book that they
don't realize what is missing, yet they still remember the plot enough
that the missing explanations aren't needed - which is probably exactly
what the writer and director of this film want.I really really wanted this film to be good, and I realize parts need
to be cut out - but this is inexcusable. This is easily the worst Harry
Potter film yet - and as a film alone, it is absolutely horrible. I did
enjoy the other films, and really like the books, and anyone who is a
fan probably will not like this film.The only reason I give this 2 stars instead of 1 is because it was
actually very beautiful, and a lot of the scenes did look really cool -
enough for the film to get a thumbs up from little kids, but no one who
can read at a level necessary to understand the books.
			
Where has the magic gone? One would expect that the fourth of the Harry
Potter movies should have improved and should have been better than the
previous three-- DEAD WRONG! This is the worst Potter film yet.The ghosts that make Hogwarts unique amongst many other fantasy films
have ironically been "magically" vanished. Not one can be seen in The
Great Hall and/or in between classes. Moaning Myrtle, of course, was
spared for a cheap laugh. This movie has officially lost its magic.Some of the young actors, however, have improved. Daniel Radcliffe, who
had the worst performance in Prisoner of Azkaban, showed a bit of
improvement with his "crying" skill(s)-- but just slightly. His
improved acting skill doesn't justify Goblet of Fire's bad direction
and editing.Mike Newell did a terrible job capturing the natural magic within the
world that JKR has created. Anyone could feel the absence of the nature
of the magical world that Alfonso Cuaron has beautifully executed in
the third movie. Hell, I didn't really like Cuaron's Potter film as
much as I am fond of Christopher Columbus's classic Potter films, but I
prefer Alfonso's directing and ideas SO MUCH MORE than Newell's.
Newell's handling of the camera angles and rushed cuts were terribly
directed.Back to the returning young actors and actresses... Whoever has been
complimenting Emma Watson and her acting skills should get an acting
lesson with the actress herself. Watson completely turned this movie
into the most annoying film EVER. Her over-the-top enunciation of every
syllable of every word was very irritating. Her heavy breathes in every
line in every scene were as disturbing. Of course, with the
contribution of Michael Gambon's menopausal Dumbledore, it's officially
become the worst film of the year.Where has the twinkling blue eyes gone? All I see from Gambon's
Dumbledore is the clear lack of authority. Dumbledore has officially
(can't find another word) become a dumbarsse. Oh how I miss the late
Richard Harris-- the perfect and most brilliant Dumbledore ever. And
what happened to Snape? Why has Snape become a physically sadistic sore
loser? Steve Klove's brain must be deteriorating (he's the screen
writer, for those of you who are not aware).Now, on to the new characters... The Triwizard Champions: do NOT expect
to see or hear much of them in this movie. They are as "extras" as the
talented Rupert Grint (aka Ron Weasley) is in the movies-- sadly. Katie
Leung, the "popular" newcomer (aka Harry's first love interest) did an
okay job for a first-timer. At least she didn't make me cringe... a
lot.Brendan Gleeson who played Mad-Eye Moody, the new Defense Against the
Dark Arts professor, is clearly a very talented actor. But honestly, he
is NOT the Moody that I imagined from reading the books-- not only
physically, but the way his character's attitude was executed in the
movie was just not how it was written in the books.Miranda Richardson, who played the nosy journalist Rita Skeeter, was
one of the few good aspects of this movie. She was simply fantastic.
She carried Skeeter's character VERY, VERY well. Her execution was just
perfectly SPOT ON.And Ralph Fiennes, who plays He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named VOLDEMORT---
*sigh*--- HE REALLY SAVED THIS MOVIE. Just when I thought I couldn't
see anymore of this movie's worsts, Fiennes impresses his viewers with
the most convincing, terrifying, and quite loving Voldemort ever. He
showed Voldemort's character in a very genuine way. I absolutely LOVED
him (except of course the blue eyes which were supposed to be red, but
that's more of the production staff's fault/decision).In conclusion, this movie SUCKED. There were NO house elves. There were
NO house ghosts. But there were the worst performances in history such
as Gambon's and Watson's.And yes folks, I have to say that the First Task/Dragon scene was
painfully boring and way too long. I believe it was only there to show
off some fancy effects which I thought were pretty lame. I'd rather see
the natural ghosts running around Hogwarts than a freaking
stupid-looking dragon.I give this movie a 2/10 (for Fiennes' and Richardson's great
performances). But seriously, I'd rather watch the first movie,
Philosopher's Stone, any bloody day. Even with its not-so-good
Quidditch effects, it's still a classic by Chris Columbus.
			
I could write a long review here about all the great, and important,
parts from the story that are left out in the movie. But that has
already been done before by some other reviews here.Really the only thing that looks a bit like a story is the fact that
Voldemort gets back to life with the help of a death eater at hogwarts.All other extremely important things are left out. Things that are so
important for the Harry Potter story line that i am terrified of how
horrible the next movies will be with these things left out.Last thing i will mention about his movie: why does the sun never shine
throughout the entire movie? The thing i like about Harry Potter is
that its fantasy that takes place in the real world. I've never seen a
full year without 1 day that the sun shines. It gives the movie a sad
look. Oh, and Dumbledore in this movie is an insult for the Harry
Potter books.
			
Although the HP series is quite entertaining, this movie is an
exception. It has no plot. All the time I knew what will happen next,
exactly and precisely, this movie is exceptionally predictable.And it is 100% tolerant. There is no frame without non-white face.
Although the whole fiction story is based on European fairy tales, you
will see even African tribes men in native dress and a lot of clich.You know, some movies can be compared to books. Like, for example, the
Lord of the Ring. This movie can be compared to postcard at it's best.
Fancy, with a lot of effects, but empty. I hope that next time the
tradition of changing directors of the movie will not give a false
shot, and maybe at least the next movie will worth viewing.Oh, and what a miserable trying to show, that Harry is a male. Now,
everyone, and I mean - everyone, even ghosts, are acting like their
blood is full of hormonal mixture. That's odd.I bet Peter Jackson would make it better.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire missed the mark in so many ways
that I must say I was GREATLY DISAPPOINTED. We paid to see each of the
previous Harry Potter movies at the cinema 2-3 times each when they
were showing. There is ABSOLUTELY NO REASON to go see this movie more
than once. I am sure we will purchase the DVD when it is released, but
it will only be to complete the series.As an adult, I feel that the fourth book is key so to much of what
occurs in the fifth and sixth book. The previous movies cut out
portions of the previous books but still came across as AWESOME. My
daughter (now a high school senior) is devoted to JK Rowling and the HP
books 150%. So much that my husband and I have involved ourselves in
the HP magic just to stay in touch. We have enjoyed the first three
movies just as much as she did - they were all totally AWESOME. Given
all of the hype that preceded this movie, I was really expecting it to
be just as AWESOME as the first three movies. This movie was definitely
DISAPPOINTING. The technical details that make up the movie may be
great and wonderful (are they?) but I was expecting a Harry Potter
movie, not technical details.SPOILER WARNING SPOILER WARNING SPOILER WARNING There was so much focus
on Voldemort and most of the portions of the movie where Voldemort is
involved make up the best parts of the movie. The movie starts off
wrong by adding Barty Crouch Jr to the opening Voldemort scene at the
Riddle mansion. There are no house elves in the movie at all. Rita
Skeeter is introduced in the movie, but the majority of the story line
on Rita Skeeter is missing from the movie. Sirius is touched on in the
movie, but his relationship that continues with Harry is basically
missing from the movie. The three tasks in the tri-wizard tournament
are presented but they are deviated from in so many ways that the movie
does not accurately represent what actually occurs in the book --> it
doesn't even come close. The dragon breaks lose and plays King Kong on
the castle with Harry (how creative is that???) And what ever happened
to the horntail dragon - it just disappeared! BOTTOM LINE - The movie
is barely just okay. It had to be made to get us to the next - but this
movie should have been what the fourth book in the series is: MY
PERSONNEL FAVORITE - this movie is so far off the book and it is so
disjointed that I have no need to see it again.The only chance of redeeming this movie will be with the DVD release,
but consider what extras where provided in the previous DVD releases I
don't expect to see much improvement. SO SAD.
			
First of all, I am a great fan of the Harry Potter books. When I see a
HP movie, I expect it to live up to the books, even if it isn't
necessarily the exact same. Goblet of Fire miserably failed to live up
to the book, which isn't even one of my favorites of the series. The
most crucial plot line of the whole story wasn't even properly
explained. That would be the whole thing with the Crouch son and his
father. One of the most important scenes is when he is interrogated by
Dumbledore and confesses everything. I understand they have to skip
parts, but that was the scene that explained EVERYTHING that had
happened for the last year. This movie was really about the special
effects and not the story lines. The scene with the dragon was highly
unnecessary and kind of boring seeing as how it dragged on Way too
long. They also left out important things such as Rita Skeeter being an
animagus, seeing as she comes back in the next one being blackmailed by
Hermione. Winky was very important too, but seeing as they decided to
forget about that whole storyline i guess it doesn't matter. Ludo
Bagman wasn't that important but still, to not even mention him? They
are going to have a very hard time with the next movie, trying to fill
in the holes that were dug with Goblet of Fire. The next movie will be
confusing for non book readers because they weren't told what happened
in the this one. Also, the guy who plays Dumbledore is AWFUL. Not
saying hes a bad actor, but he SOOO isn't Dumbledore in any way. No way
would Dumbledore grab Harry by his neck, even the Dumbledore from the
movies. And what the hell was with that maze? How weak was that? If i
put aside my feelings over the movie compared to the book, it still
wasn't good. If you want to be awed by special effects and thats it,
this may be the movie for you. But if you want a movie that has a fully
developed story line, you will be disappointed by this movie. Worst of
all of them. Truly not the spirit of Harry Potter.
			
No how did I long for this movie! I found the third one brilliant, with
just the right changes to the story and just the right changes to the
previous films. Hogwarts looked natural, not Disneyish like in the
first 2 films, the magic (aka 'the tricks') was there to emphasize on
the story, not the claptrap itself and it was just the right length for
the movie (And I even wanted to have that Marauder's Map!)!This film is a mess! The actors where great, they are always getting
better but have always less and less to to, because there are so many
of them! Where is the hiss of Snape? Where is the wonderful stiff
accent of MacGonagall? Where is... yes, where is the Dursley's? They
cramped this film together like an accordion! They should have made two
movies out of it. Every scene looked out of place, just a bunch of
happenings sewn together by nothing, no red string, no connection!The tricks were wonderful, the ship was done well, Madam Maxime was
looking great, the Quidditch Wolrd Cup too - but all was too tight, too
rushed. Everything was shown so quick, that it was not worth the
effort. And the chemistry between Harry, Ron and Hermione was all wrong
too. Look at the ball. She disappeared up the stairs an nothing
happened?!?! oh, please!! Above that, Dumbledore acted like a choleric
lunatic! he was not the above-all-father-figure with the smell of power
and Mystery around him. He was no Yoda, he was Anakin Skywalker, a
over-reacting schoolboy!This movie could have been good, if it was made into two full-length
features with more emphasize on every one scene, connected with
something like the womping willow shuffling it's treetop.Actors: 5-8 stars (Please let there be more time on every single
character) Dumbledore: 0 stars (I know, brilliant Richard Harris is
death, but please give, also-brilliant Michael Gambon some other role,
as he totally misses the character) directing: 1 star (for the decision
to cramp 734 pages into one movie and to disconnect the remaining
scenes) script: 3 stars (As Steven Kloves was not able to catch the
chemistry between the 3 main characters and to screw up the new cramped
connection between scenes AND to make all this little mistakes in every
single one scene I forgot because i shoved this movie out of my brain)This rubbish put together makes no more than 2 stars, as I was totally
confused about the story and some basic mistakes they made with the
cemetery-scene, the hacked-together movie, bad Dumbledore and ruining
the wonderful feeling I had with reading all books over and over and
the feeling which had been installed with film 3...Shame!
			
IT WAS THE LAMEST MOST CRAPYEST HARRY POTTER THEY EVER MADE. it was so
unlike the book and the book was excellent. Several good scene in the
book don't even occur in the movie. Furthermore, some of the good
action scenes in the book, like the maze, are done very badly in the
film. The whole maze scene lasts about three minutes, while in the book
it lasted for half a chapter and had A LOT more detail. In the maze
there was no blast-ended Scroots, no Sphinx, no Acromantula, and the
maze decided to eat the champions instead. harry and voldemort are
supposed to rise in the air. the world cup was completely retarded and
it didn't even occur. and durmstrang and beubaton arrived 5 minutes
into the movie. in the book winky was accused of cunjuring the mark and
in the movie winky doesn't exist. this movie is incredibly retarded and
i hate it.
			
I was so excited when I went to see Harry Potter yesterday with my
husband. I just couldn't wait any longer, so my hubby surprised me by
taking me out to a movie. From the very first scene (aside from some
very amazing cinematography), I was sitting there, arms crossed over my
chest, almost pouting. Maybe I had high expectations seeing as Goblet
was my favorite of the books, and based on what I had seen of pictures
of the film, as well as reviews from fellow fans...I went thinking
that, like PoA, sure there'd be some stuff left out, but that overall,
it was still going to be a good adaptation, and an enjoyable movie.I left the film (I was actually the first person out) with my brows
furrowed, asking myself how the screenwriter and the director, and even
JKR allowed such a complete waste of time to be made, and the amount of
money that was spent! I loved how the little bit of scorched parchment
appeared saying 'Based on the book by JK Rowling'. I actually laughed
at that, and said to my husband that it should have said 'VERY LOOSELY
BASED on the books by JK Rowling (who was actually unconscious when we
asked her to approve this script)'.I know that I am going to get a lot of flak for writing this post, but
that's okay. I know there are some fans out there who think that Harry
Potter and his creator can do no wrong...however, this film should have
been directed by a different director, and the screenwriter should be
shot. How dare they take such liberties on changing the ENTIRE story
around to suit them and their plans?? Barty Crouch Jr being at the
Quiddich World Cup, and HP seeing him there, as well as in his dream in
the beginning?? And the dream took place while he was at the burrow?
Where the hell was Mrs. Weasley? Where was Bill and Charley, and even
PERCY!! The Dursley's were non-existent...what happened to Madam Hooch?
Correct me if I'm wrong but I know for a fact that Fleur had more then
one line in the book. Winky...Dobby...the gillyweed! The only scene
that really resembled the book was the end sequence with Voldemort
coming to power...however in my minds eye, I saw a lot more death
eaters showing up, not four. Aside from the lack of death eaters, that
scene was by far the best, and very well done (although he looked just
as he was described in the books, Voldemort was not very scary...).And before people start flaming me, saying that they had to change
things to suit the 2 1/2 hour time frame they had...let me say this.
Was the entirely CGI scene where Harry had to get the golden egg need
to be fifteen minutes long? I don't remember the dragon breaking it's
chains and chasing Harry around the bloody castle! The time that they
could have saved by leaving out the completely unnecessary scenes of
the castle's grounds and the owlery, they could have been used to put
IN the scenes they left out, due to time constraints! Overall, I was so
annoyed with this film, and if the guy who directed this one is
responsible for the destruction of any other of the books, I will for
one, be boycotting it. After all, we are left to put up with
Dumbledore's character being ruined by the man who's playing
him...don't make us put up with the entire movie being completely
messed around with too.Now, that being said, I didn't hate the movie...I just was
disappointed, and therefore annoyed that the movie I had been looking
forward to for three years was just not good enough. I'm sorry if you
guys don't agree, but this is my opinion, and I'm sorry if I was less
then impressed with it. Thank you for listening to me rant!
			
The film was a complete disappointment. Below i have listed just some
of the problems with it.1.The first task. Why did they have to have harry and the Hungarian
Horntail fly around the school. At one point they even forgot that the
dragon could fly when it was trying to climb across the roof.
2.Voldemort. Where were those red eyeslits and where was his snakelike
voice? why did his wand look nothing like Harrys? 3.The maze. Why were
the only things they came up against were roots and wind. Where was the
shpinx? overall a very disappointing film - did the filmmakers actually
read the book.
			
I don't know if this is actually a spoiler but where were the house
elves, dobby and winky? Also, Harry never sees Barty Crouch Jr. at the
World Cup, why do they need to change that, it doesn't make sense to
me. Also, They sat in the minister's box at the world cup, not in the
highest seats possible, why change it? And since when was there a spell
that propels Harry out of the water? Also, the dragon doesn't chase
Harry around Hogwarts, in fact she stays close to her eggs because she
is a nesting mother, that's right eggS plural, not just the golden egg,
this actually presents more of a challenge than a dragon that is
willing to leave her eggs. The only good scenes I thought were the
graveyard scene and the opening scene, I though Voldemort was very well
done. But what was with the maze? First, the maze is not the size of
Rhode Island, it was contained within the Quidditch field, thus
providing the stands for the viewers. Also, there was more than just
wind and crazy branches in the maze. Where did the Skrewt go? Where was
the Sphinx? Where was the fog that inverted the world when Harry walked
through it? I also thought they should have put in the imperius curse,
Moody putting it on the students, because that's a pretty cool part,
the process in Harry's mind that is. I thought they could have made the
movie 4 hours long and made it more true to the book and no one would
have complained, I would have been happier. Also, what's gonna happen
with Fred and George in the next movie, they didn't get the gold that
Harry gave them in this one, so how are they going to start their shop?
The grounds also make no sense, it seems like they just make up parts
of the grounds that will fit the movie that aren't there when they
first show the grounds in the movie.
			
For being my favorite book of the series, it's surprising that this is
my second least favorite movie so far; if it weren't for the airborne
dementors of the Prisoner of Azkaban, this would definitely be it.This movie shows a blatant disregard for the details of the book and
way too much interpretation. In the book, Harry and co. cannot figure
out how Rita knows all these details. When someone suggests that she
may have planted bugs, Hermione says that's impossible because there's
a charm at Hogwarts that jams electrical devices. Then please explain
to me how in the movie there is a punk band with electric guitars and
microphones at the yule ball!? I don't remember a rave in JK Rowling's
version of Harry Potter.A few more little qualms:Victor Krum is not a mindless jock. He is supposed to be modest,
caring, and honorable.Beauxbatons girls are supposed to be attractive, not repulsive.Dumbledore cannot decide if he's English or American. He also can't
decide whether to strangle Harry or just scowl at him.I remember there being veelas in the story.I remember Rita turning into a beetle.Why waste the time introducing Sirius into the movie if he's only in
one inconsequential scene? Put the important stuff in instead, like
veelas and beetles.
			
Let me just start by stating, I love all the potter movies... all
except this one. That out of the way, here's my synopsis: Acting and
character portrayal -- Decent. Most of the movie seemed like it was
done on take one. The actors seemed rushed in their parts to finish
lines, but overall not too bad for a harry potter movie. (although much
different from the previous movies.) Casting -- Some of the new
characters looked way out of place, but i guess there wasn't really
anything wrong here..Plot line -- Wow. This was a problem. Most of the book was left out.
that would be OK i suppose, if the plot remained the same. the other
movies were different from the book and i didn't have a problem with
them. this one somehow really just didn't work. It seemed like most of
the plot was left on the cutting room floor, or maybe just wasn't
filmed at all... which brings me to: Directing -- Honestly, this is the reason I gave this movie a 2. The
director obviously didn't want to film the kind of movie that the harry
potter movies are and should be. Instead, this one was really mostly a
comedy, and I'm not sure how he accomplished it. Most of the good bits
were rushed or skipped completely, and NOTHING was explained properly,
if at all. The only reason I knew what was going on (or what was
suppose to be going on) is because i have previously read the book, and
even then i was confused a little. I was sure to remember the name of
this director, and believe me, I'l never pay to see another of his
movies.In closing, I'll say this: The book is not at all an action novel. It
was not meant to be so. If you want to direct a pure action movie, Mike
Newell, please do it with the appropriate material. I really feel awful
abou this series now. There's 1, 2, and 3, getting better as they go,
and hopefully 5, 6, and 7 will do the same. Then there's 4 stuck right
in the middle with no continuity and no point. If I had money I'd go
make the movie myself just to make it fit in the series properly. (and
also to make it not suck)
			
An incredibly vibrant and powerful book has been turned into a bland
and outright offensive pile of garbage.When a novel is adapted into a film, I know that not every detail can
make it into the final cut, particularly when dealing with such an
enormous work, but in this instance, I feel that the complaint is
justified. It feels almost as if a completely different work were
adapted. The acting ranges from poor at best, to just cringe-worthy on
a number of occasions; this would be upsetting on its own, but in one
instance, it completely alters the characterisation of Dumbledore. Here
is a wizard known for his calmness and placidity, now turned into an
unpredictable and almost violent being, when he grabs Harry and
actually pushes him into a glass cabinet. The casting choice was awful
for Dumbledore, but that's another complaint for a previous film in the
series. Emma Watson grows worse with each passing second in the series,
making her character little more than an overly dramatic teenager.
There's not really a single character with more than two lines who is
well-acted in this film.It's not just that the writers have left out entire key details from
the novel (Ludo Bagman, for example), but many have been replaced,
entirely. The maze is the worst offender of this. Originally intended
to be the most challenging trial of the tournament, it was, in the
novel, filled with a variety of mythical creatures and concepts, which
would test even the most skilled of witches and wizards in their
Defense against the Dark Arts knowledge and capability. This is,
instead, replaced with a simple, nondescript hedge-maze, and vague
hints of possession, condensed into about three minutes. The entire
final act of this film is just incredibly rushed. It's as if they went
all out on the first two trials, even excessively so with the dragon
chase, and as a result, left no time, creativity, or maybe even budget
for the final and most important test. It felt like little more than an
obstacle to the writers, which just needed to be overcome in order to
get to the climax with Voldemort...which was equally clumsy, rushed,
and cringe-worthy. I could go on and on about how bad this film is, and make entire lists
of every cringe- inducing moment, from Hermione's fake French-accented
"Grindilow," to the overblown entrances of the students from Durmstrang
and Beauxbaton, to Mad-Eye Moody's own entrance. It's just an awful,
AWFUL film, and, in my opinion, an insult to Harry Potter novels. I'm
not a Potter fan, but I've read the books countless times, and they are
dear enough to me to actually cause me anger when watching this film.
If you want an exciting, vivid, imaginative, and even deep journey, go
read the novel, and stay as far away from this abomination as possible.
If, however, you're looking for a cringe-inducing couple of hours to
blow on a mind-bogglingly awful film, then grab your popcorn.
			
Having been so thoroughly let down by the previous three movies, I
waited a long time to see this one. Not for its big-screen release, not
for the dollar theater, not even for the DVD release... I waited until
I could borrow it from the local library. I didn't miss anything.Peter Jackson has proved that a complex and intricate fantasy novel can
be translated convincingly to the big screen with Lord of the Rings.
The team working with Harry Potter however, is not proving as
successful. The HP movies are less of a brilliantly realized vision of
JK Rowling's fantastical wizarding world and more of a caricature; all
of the high points exaggerated with none of the depth and texture of
the original. As usual all the interesting details that made the books so enjoyable
are completely missing. The movie lurches along from highlight to
highlight, special effect to special effect with no thought for the
plot whatsoever. Crucial characters are left out (Sirius, Bagman,
Dobby, Winky, Fudge) while the effects-laden first challenge takes up
way more screen time than necessary. Where is Dumbledore's final
disagreement with Fudge? What happened to Weasley's Wizard Wheezes?
Where is Percy as Crouch's assistant? Where is the back-story with
Bagman, Crouch, his son and the Death Eaters? Where is the end of the
movie with Dumbledore sending out his team to combat the growing threat
of Voldemort's return? Where is the budding attraction between Ron and
Hermione? Why does the director seem to be an advocate of Harry and
Hermione getting together? No part of this story holds together,
because all the little bits that tie it together are missing and it's
certainly not setting OOTP up to be a success either.With the exception of Snape and McGonagall (excellent performance as
always), the rest of the cast appears to have mistaken voice-volume for
acting. Characters scream and holler at each other during every
critical point of the film. Hermione makes her Oscar-bid by resorting
to near-tears-shouting every time she tries to make a point. Moody
yells his way through each scene. Ron bumbles his way around, far more
clueless and stupid than he should be. At one point Dumbledore actually
grabs Harry, yells in his face and shakes him, so totally out of
character for Dumbledore that I was ready to turn off the movie
altogether. Harry actually doesn't do as much yelling as his fellow
actors; he plods through his performance with all the emotional range
of a garden rake. Apparently he thinks that if you throw out enough
baffled looks and end every scene with a meaningful-seeming raised
eyebrow, the audience will mistake this for a stirring performance. The
end scene with Cederic, Voldemort and Harry's parents should be tense,
exhilarating, frightening and passionate yet I felt nothing; Daniel
Radcliffe isn't a protagonist that you can really root for.Worst of all is the portrayal of Dumbledore. Gone is the kind and wise
yet subtly dangerous old professor, to be replaced by a confused,
bumbling, shouting (of course) and abrupt one. Dumbledore in the first
movies was exactly as the books depicted him, this new character falls
far short. If you haven't read the books, I don't know how you could possibly
expect to understand the movie on its own. It doesn't set up the 5th
movie very well. I think I'll wait for that one to come out on TV to
save the trouble of driving to the library to borrow it for free. It's
a nice movie to look at, just don't expect to understand what is going
on. All in all, a major disappointment.
			
I have seen all the Harry Potter movies that are out now. Harry potter
and the Goblet of Fire was a Disappointment to say the least. I
understand completely that they cannot put everything that is in the
book in movie. But they could have at least not cut so much of the book
out of the movie. They cut so much out of it that I had to go back to
the book just to find out what was missing because it didn't fit
together the way the scenes jumped around. The beginning of the movie
left out why they were going to use a port key and where they were
going. It just left him asking questions as to why they were doing
anything they were doing. Didn't explain why Krum was such a big deal.
Which is also at the beginning of the book.
			
...and I don't mean that in a good way. These movies just get worse I
swear. First off I've never read the books, so I'm not comparing the
movies with the books.Just as films they are bad. Each one is worse than the last. A
co-worker at summed it up best. "He just runs away for 2 hours. Then
learns one spell that just happens to save the day".Again the kids acting is bad. Ron is improving somewhat. And being
British (now living in NZ) I like the parade of famous British actors
through out. But over all the acting is bad.Sorry Potter fans but I just don't 'get it'.Avoid.
			
Maybe I was spoiled by the first movie where they didn't cut out half
of the story, Harry didn't look 25, and Dumbledore seemed calm and sage
instead of a jumpy crack head, but the Goblet of Fire was a major let
down.I am not sure how they justified cutting so much of the book out of the
movie, unless they were trying to save money on making the film. Maybe the director has a hard time reading and just had someone animate
the book for him, but I couldn't have anticipated such a poor
translation to the big screen. All they cared about was the action, the
story seemed to be trivial.
			
OMG! I just saw this and I'm furious!! I've read the books and its
definitely NOT what I expected. The first two movies were great, as far
as movies go. I definitely prefer Chris Columbus as director(movies 1 &
2) instead of Alfonso Cuarn(movie 3) or Mike Newell(this movie). The
second two directors tried to make them cool or whatever, but they are
supposed to be in their robes the whole time at school. In this movie
they skipped a lot of things like:(sorry, not in order) -Winkey -Villas
-Dobby(not Neville) giving Harry the Gillyweed -Harry giving winnings
to Fred and George for joke shop -The fact Neville's parents went crazy
because of the Cruciatus curse -Weasleys getting stuck in the fireplace
-The whole Quidditch game -Stuff in the maze(that was just lame,
nothing but closing walls and killer vines) -Death Eaters don't do what
they are supposed to -The ending was crap!If I think of anything else, I'll post it too.
			
Where to begin? This movie started off a disaster and ended a disaster.I understand that given how long the fourth book was, some editing
needed to be done. But to this extent? The whole movie was altered so
drastically from the book, it almost seemed like a whole different
story altogether. What was left of the original story was far and few
in between and was filled with plot holes and inconsistencies.The Dursley's were never shown in the beginning, Weasley's Wizard
Weezes was never even mentioned nor was Harry giving the twins his
Triwizard earnings. Ludo Bagman wasn't in it at all. There was no
S.P.E.W. There were no Veela's. Hardly any of the classes were seen and
we never actually see the fake Moody putting Harry and his
classmatesunder the Imperious Curse or find out exactly why the
Cruciatus Curse bothers Neville so much. Rita Skeeter was given very
little to work with (almost all of her articles were not shown) We
never found out about Hagrid's half-giant status or saw Hermione
blackmail Rita Skeeter. Those are just a few of the smaller cuts in the
film.The larger ones include the trio not meeting Sirius in Hogsmeade and
finding out about Crouch Sr. and Jr.'s histories, Harry never
witnessing the Lestrange's and Barty Crouch Jr's trial. All we have is
Kakaroff telling us during his trial that Barty Crouch Jr.was a Death
Eater and then Barty acts all snakelike and his father stares at him
blankly and says that he is no son of his.In the book we actually see the trial. I'm saddened that it wasn't
included. The original scene was done so well, it had so much emotion.
I almost felt sorry for Barty Crouch Jr. when he is sobbing for his
father to not send him back to Azkaban and his father is refusing to
listen. Not to mention, that is when we are introduced to Bellatrix and
she stands up and says that the Dark Lord will rise again. But of
course, they had to ruin it all.There is of course more. No Winky and Dobby (or any house elf for that
matter) no testing Crouch Jr. under Veritaserum. So therefore we don't
know how Crouch managed to escape Azkaban or exactly how he found
Voldemort or anything like that. His father is killed and it is never
elaborated on as to why. We don't see Fudge arguing with Dumbledore
over whether or not Voldemort is back or get told that Barty had the
Dementors Kiss performed on him. The whole reason that no one believed
that Voldemort had returned in Harry's fifth year is because there was
no one to give testimony to his having returned besides Harry. Barty
Crouch Jr. obviously couldn't anymore.I could go on but there is little point. The film as a whole was as I
said before a disaster. Even the cast seemed to be horrendous. Michael
Gambdon was off as usual and Alan Rickman was given limited screen time
which is a shame considering how talented he is and how important that
Snape is to the fourth book and indeed the rest in the series. David
Tennant while a good actor, did poorly here. I don't blame him though,
he really didn't have much to work with. Ralph Fiennes was laughable as
Lord Voldemort. Radcliffe, Grint and Watson all did well as usual but
even their performances were not enough to save this film.Two out of ten stars.
			
having read and re read all of the HP books, I was dying to see the
Goblet of Fire on the big screen. The previous movie adaptations had, I
thought, at least captured what made the HP series and franchise
special and quintessentially British; the whole getting ready for
school thing, the first day of school, the sorting issue etc. In
essence, the whole feeling of British boarding school uniqueness and
stiffness, coupled with the humour and originality of Hogwarts being a
school for magic.Goblet of Fire the movie failed on many counts to deliver this, instead
diving straight into big screen action (massive CGI scenery of the
Quidditch World Cup, sadly reduced to 15 seconds on screen - the almost
immediate first Triwizard task of the dragons), missing out on the
subtleties of school life entirely.There are so many scenes and incidents left out from the book which
affect the relationship between the principal characters that it
appeared that the movie was to be totally centred around 3 major
scenes; the dragon, the underwater task and the graveyard, with no
thought for tying them together or building any further relationship
between Harry, Ron and Hermione in the meantime.Without having read the book, I would have found this movie, as a
movie, totally without focus. As a movie about fantasy characters
fighting dragons and mermaids it wasn't the best you will see. Without
the inherent magic - the setting of the British boarding school with
its quirks - the movie falls on its face badly
			
Never saw a Harry Potter movie, but considered I could follow along
fairly easy. It's stinking Harry Potter?!?! The effects are great, the
plot weak, the villains weak and what the heck is the deal with the Jr
High/High School love drama nonsense? I know there is a huge cult
following for Harry Potter, and I just don't see why. I could care less
about any of the problems these nerds had. I wanted to smack that
red-headed kid in the face so much for his wining and his latent
homosexual tension our hero Mr Potter. Jeez, what a rip. I'm not even
so concerned about my 5.50 I spent, but I want my 2/12 hours back so I
could spend them much better, like taking a nice long relaxing dump.
			
I open the newspaper and all i see is outstanding reviews of "Goblet of
Fire" and i don't really understand why. I mean yes it is the best out
of the four films but it didn't really have to work to hard to get that
title. I am usually and open minded person when it comes to harry
potter. I was expecting that the movie wouldn't be as good as the book
of course but i really wasn't expecting this.Firstly I must say what was Steve Kloves (the screenplay adapter)
thinking?! I mean yes the book was long but the movie cuts out so much
of the plot. There is hardly any explanation of why Barty Crouch Jr.
was using the polyjuice potion to impersonate Moody, or how he got
there, and why harry was the the quidditch world cup and for that
matter what it was.And please parents do not take the PG-13 rating lightly. There are some
very intense scene with images of voldemort and violence that may
disturb your children. This doesn't mean that kids shouldn't come but
if your child is scared easily you might want to wait for this one to
come on video.As for the acting I must give Emma Watson some credit. She has improved
greatly throughout the films and is definitely the best of the trio.
She brings graceful presence to Hermione but unfortunately sometimes is
a little to glamorous for our little bookworm character.Daniel Radcliffe seems to be getting all of this praise for being such
a wonderful actor but I find his performances dry and not very well
acted. Because of his lack of acting abilities and the fact that Harry
is such and emotional character the makeup department seems to be
covering his face in wounds and sweat so that no one will notice that
there are no tears coming from his face Rupert Grint has always
confused me. Sometimes i don't' like his style yet he never fails to
make me laugh. I think he could use some improvement but bring a quirky
charm to the character of Ron The adults in the film always put on a
wonderful performance. Maggie Smith is an amazing actress as well as
many others. But Michael Gambon's portrayal of Dumbledore is a bit too
angry and aggressive for my taste. It may just be that I am comparing
him to Richard Harris and he to me seemed like the ultimate Dumbledore.
In the great hall scenes Gambon yells and seems somewhat agitated the
entire time, where as Dumbledore is supposed to be a stressed yet
gentle character.I hope I am not being too critical, i just expected a better adaptation
from such a wonderful book.
			
Mercifully, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire fixed the error made in
the previous feature: they remembered to include an exciting, action
packed and door-opening finale. Sadly, they just had to sacrifice the
first two-thirds to get to that good conclusion.So frustrated, I am. I've listened to the fans, to my social circle and
to my social media friends. And I've been warned that these movies are
made for fans and you MUST HAVE READ THE BOOKS to follow the movies.
Hogwash! This is a separate medium and should be treated as such. It
should have the elements of the book, but understand there could  and
is  a new audience out there.I'm losing this battle and fast. Even more random scenes cloud this
enormously rough entry in the series. In fact the movie is so far all
over the place, with ideas, characters, scenes, names, legends, games,
grudges it all seems like: YES, YOU NEED TO READ THE BOOK TO CONTINUE.Well, since I won't read them, after I finished book one, I might be in
more trouble as the series progresses. Sadly, I feel my ratings will
decrease because I do not feel the writers/directors are going to do
the right thing. No lost soul should enter a Christian Church for the
first time and be greeted with "So, why are you lost? Have you not read
what Christ has done for you? Buffoon! Get out and come back when you
read the Bible cover to cover. I don't have time for you."At any rate, with a surprisingly new opening  i.e. gone are the
abusive adopted parents and the vicious warning Harry ignores of his
pending death  that involves a kind of game, I guess, that will make
someone  wait for it  victorious. Obviously, Harry will be involved,
by his own doing or not, though the way the game's played out is less
foretold. Including, the three-part game that apparently is spread
aimlessly thorough the year. ??That's the basic synopsis of a film that wanders from here to there,
that holds one door open while reaching for the next, that fast
forwards teen adolescent, love lost, gained, anger, betrayal,
redemption, secrets, etc, etc, etc, and so on and so forth. I get the
fact that these are excellent elements to make a good story, but you
don't have to use half a dictionary to make one sentence. Pick a
direction, a path and have the conviction to stick to it. Here are some additional thoughts I had while trying to wade through
this mess: - I'm actually finding myself caring less and less for these side
characters. YES, its Harry's story and journey, but his annoying
counterparts could meet their doom by series end and I wouldn't bat an
eye.- Ron's bipolar and it's getting increasingly tedious. He's acting
hurt, upset, okay, angry, jealous, etc, etc and all the while he's
sporting a 1970's Leif Garrett hairdo that's more distracting  and
awful  than anything else.- The first three movies, aside from a few key elements, are
essentially the same film and should've served as the first hour of ONE
movie that these people stretched to four. This chapter, Goblet of
Fire, could've filled out the final hour of Harry Potter Part One.- ARG Robert Pattinson. In their defense, he wasn't the UnAlive
Creature Bella will lust over in the Twilight series yet, but here's
evidence he's been injected with Botox since, at least, age nineteen.Since roughly 75% of this film's fluff doesn't matter  or at least,
they've given me, to date, no reason it should, I would suggest people
watch #2 while skipping the first and third movies and just be told
that things get darker in part four. And not more clearer, as the dark
comment indicates.(Editor's Note: I decided to listen to the masses for this Harry POTter
phenomena and revisit the series. I've only seen the first two, both
once and in first run theatres. Since it's been around a decade since
the initial releases, I've started over with #1 and will get to what
everyone calls: the better years. Cheerio!)
			
Personally, I choose not to recommend this film for anyone who is a
die-hard fan of the Harry Potter series. OK, Richard Harris is dead.
Condolences. But Michael Gambon did a terrible job as Dumbledore in
this film than in the third. Seriously, someone bring in a better
cameo. The film was rather rushed. They didn't really follow the
storyline completely and made this a disappointment to J.K. Rowling's
adaptation. Why are they making Ron shaggy all of a sudden? The classic
use of the school, the characters, the lighting, and such has been lost
as compared to what was used in the first two films. I was surprised to
see that Brendan Gleeson was chosen to play Mad-Eye Moody, but the bad
thing about this character was that they had to use a holder for his
eye instead of just using special effects and enlarging his actual eye.
The Yule Ball was OK. The introductions to the other two schools were
OK. The dragon-fighting sequence was the only best point in the film.
They made it more extensive, which was good. One character that I
thought they were going to bring back was Dobby the House-Elf, because
he was re-introduced in the book. The maze sequence was bad, mainly
because the players were only attacked with lively leaves than the
monsters that they encounter in the book. Most of the plot was missing,
the acting was terrible, some of the action sequences were bad, and I
was disappointed to see that no special features were added to the DVD
edition. I didn't like this movie (or the third, or the fifth, and I am
sure that I'm not going to like the sixth or seventh). Not entirely a
proper recommendation for all you fans out there, but I guess you'll
enjoy whatever suits you. I really don't know.2/10
			
...Wow... I can't think of anything else to say but ... Wow...don't get
me wrong though, this movie was the worst HP movie yet. HP&GOF was
supposed to be this incredible movie, sure it has great acting and
amazing action and even some pretty sweet looking special effects, but,
I have to say, What the hell just happened??? I go into my local
theater, expecting to watch this great movie, (thats just because it
was way over hyped, and I mean way over hyped) and I have to sit
through 2 and a half hours of this choppy, confusing story that will
make absolutely no sense to anyone but fans of the book.The special effects in GOF are great...need I say more Verdict - Special Effects - Great Into the acting we go and the only two people I want to talk about here
are Emma Watson, and Michael Gambon. Emma has her best performance to
date in my opinion. She does a good job in the role of Hermione after
some great improvements in, for lack of a better word, "style" than
that of previous films. Gambon also does an incredible job in this
film. Unfortunately for him though, he is playing the wrong character.
He is supposed to be playing Albus Dumbledore, a wise, strong and
courageous wizard who is not afraid of anything. Gambon plays a wizard
that looks afraid and is losing strength. What was Director Mike Newell
thinking. Dumbledore is not afraid, and since when has he manhandled
students like Harry, or anyone for that matter before.Verdict - Acting - Great...but because of Dumbledore's character, I'm
shooting it down Acting - OKFinally, the overall movie. This movie has incredible action, the best
scene is definitely the Horntail (dragon), but the story...WHAT
STORY!!! the story got chopped to bits. I understand that you cant fit
the entire book into 2 and a half hours, but Mike (Newell) you had the
chance to make it two movies, and you cut it down to one..And don't say
you expect it to be too much like the book..That's what the FREAKING
story comes from..THE BOOK..FIGURE IT OUT PEOPLE..anyway for that you
lost about 5 stars.Verdict - The Movie - BrutalI just can't justify paying 9-10 bucks to go and watch a chopped up
pile of horse manure. This is time and money you will never get
back...never. DON'T GO SEE THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!
			
The latest installment of the Harry Potter story is, by far, the worst
to date. After sitting through a butt-numbing movie, my only comment
was 'what the hell ?' It barely stayed true to the book and cut out so
much from the original storyline that it was barely recognisable as
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. I would have rather paid more and
seen the entire book in 2 or three movies then the shameful excuse that
they put up on our screens. Most of the movie, my friend and i were
whispering to each other, trying to figure out which part of the story
we were watching. all in all, the worst Harry Potter to date, and i
seriously hope that the directors/studio or whoever decides to make
Order of the Phoenix and Half Blood Prince into several movies and not
one terrible piece of motion pictionary.This movie only escapes getting
a one because of the excellent graphics and the time that the people in
computers must have spent touching up the pubescent actors skin.
			
I really don't get why this movie got an 8.2 out of ten. There is so
many awful things to say I don't even know where to start! First of
all, the whole thing seemed rushed, although it was better than the
previous ones, but there was still something about it that seemed like
they were trying to get through it all in time. This also made it seem
like it took place in a really short amount of time, much less than a
year. But if that was the case? Why did they have so many extra bits?
Like the graveyard dream? Or the AWFUL scene where the Beauxbatons and
Durmstrang people came into the hall, or the whole flying all over
Hogwarts fighting the badly done dragon scene. And they cut so many
good parts, like Rita being an Animagus. Plus, they seemed to want to
save money by cutting Dobby, the Dursleys, and Mrs. Weasley from the
movie Another thing was the LOTR-esquire scene with the music and
everything. Oh, and the hero- ifying harry. JK Rowling does that enough
in the books. Like having Harry be the only witness to the dark mark?
It just seems like they're making him into an even more wonderful,
wildly talented saintly person then he really is. Having said all that,
I really liked Robert Pattinson as Cedric Diggory, and I adored Ron and
the Weasley twins (of course). And this was, hands down, the best HP
movie, which says a lot about the other three (what I thought of them,
anyway).
			
I know that I have graded this movie very harshly, however, given that
it is based on my favorite of the books, i can not help but feel
greatly disappointed. It also does not help that this movie came on the
heels of Prisoner of Azkaban, which is so far my favorite of the films,
and was masterfully directed by Alfonso Cuaron. I felt that this movie
contained almost no character development. It seems as if the
characters hardly ever even converse. The movie also felt very rushed,
as it offers practically no justification for what happens in it. I
know that it can be difficult to cram a 700 or so page book into a two
and a half hour movie, but it has been done before, and there must be a
better way than this.
			
A year and a half of delay to see this result, it frankly seems to me
disappointing. I know very well, that is quite difficult to adapt a
book to a film. The book contains an immense wealth of details,
explanations, feelings, emotions, relations, etc. that is almost
impossible to captured completely in a film. But I believe at least,
the director and scriptwriter (who work side by side, I suppose), must
know the book's plot very well, of such way, that in the adaptation
it's understood perfectly, why happens each thing, which are the
relations between the characters, which are the personalities of the
characters, which are the important facts. Lamentably, nothing of this
I could perceive in CoF. First, which has affected to me more, is
Dumbledor. He didn't look in anything to the one described in books. On
the contrary, he seemed old, doubtful, violent poor man (shakes
Potter)fearful, "shouting". Who could think that he is the greatest
wizard of the world? He doesn't inspire respect. On the other hand, I
don't remember that Snape hit to Harry nor Ron. His mistreat always was
verbal, never physical. The Wesley twins are older than the trio
(Harry, Hermione, Ron) therefore, could not be in the same class with
Snape. I've got the feeling that director wanted to show a lot of
things from the book, but simultaneously... there is nothing. I believe
that the details that appear, are not sufficient so that a person who
hasn't read books can understand everything clearly what happened in
the film. I think it isn't an acting problem, because the actors make
enough good. In fact, I believe the kids, in general, have improved.
The adult actors, I cannot either complain. The actors render what a
director is able to obtain from them, according to which requires his
film. Then, I believe that in this case, Mike Newell, he is the one who
changed Dumbledor's personality... and it really causes sorrow to me. I
feel like Newell, did not read any book of Harry Potter or simply he
understood another stuff. The film, in general, entertains, it's got
romance, thriller, it remembers the adolescence to you (if it's that
already you passed it), has interesting special effects, casting is
well, but for the people whom they like plus books, I don't believe
that they like much this adaptation.
			
I gave it a 2. I thought it was really bad. They left stuff out that
should have been in, and spent too much time on stuff that shouldn't
have been in there.The maze part was horrible. Why did the whole time they were in the
maze, did the maze keep trying to eat them? That's not part of it in
the book. They left out all the good stuff in the maze. They could have
taken out 5 minutes of the maze changing, and put in the part where it
turns Harry upside down. And did they just not go to class at all that
year, other than that first lesson with Moody? They could have left out
the dancing lessons and put in Dobby giving Harry the gillyweed. The
first part of the movie was bad too. It wouldn't have been that hard to
show Winky with Barty. And why on earth weren't the Weasley's with
Fudge in the box? No Ludo Bagman? It didn't say who won the match. I
was also mad that they didn't show Mrs. Weasley come surprise Harry by
being at the last task. Dumbledore was waaaaaay too angry and
overacting the whole movie. Why was Barty in the Riddle house at the
beginning? And why did the portkey drop them off (at the tourney) up in
the sky and not on the ground?? Where was Percy at the tourney? And why
on earth didn't Hermione catch Rita as a bug? How are they going to
explain why Rita's not writing stuff in the next book? The movie wasn't
wrapped up well at all. I don't know how they're going to start the
next movie without the end of this one. The dragon bit was cool, but
they could have cut that in half, and added something they left out.
And Voldemort? He was comical, not scary. The way he danced around
instead of walking was very theatrical.There were parts that were good, but overall I was really disappointed.
I won't be going to pay $15 to see it in IMAX.
			
Let's be honest here: the French actress who played Fleur could not act
and walked through her part, the guy who played Krum snarled through
his, Ron didn't due much more than just mope and whine, and Harry just
had the same dumb smile.The friendly feeling of school chums in the first few movies was gone.
The intimate school set of the third film changed to a huge, forbidding
and foreboding place for this one.The direction was terrible. Even Chris Columbus did a better job (and
that is saying a lot).The only spark to this film was the acting of Emma Watson, who seems to
have matured in the craft while her co-stars have stood still. If this
were not a big budget blockbuster, she might get a supporting actress
nomination just for her scene of telling off Ron on the steps after the
dance.The CGI was also pretty good here.So, two good things in a film with dozens of bad ones. That does not
make for a good movie. Hopefully, this director is not brought back for
the next one.
			
Good acting on the part of the original cast. Rupert Grint has mastered
the part of Ron. However, I don't feel that the director and
screenwriter were true to the book. There are details in the movie
which are much different from the book. The scene where the dark mark
appears is much different from the book. Too many scenes from the book
are left out of the movie. Transition from scene to scene was not
smooth. Too many scenes take place without adequate information leading
up to them. Those who have not read the book will be confused. Having
read the book and listened to the audio-book read by Jim Dale, the
movie was a tremendous disappointment.
			
The latest Harry Potter (and the Goblet of Fire) is a sad example of
bad movie making.The kids (Harry, Hermione, Ron) who have shown outstanding skills in
the former movies, weren't given any chance to show their abilities.
Mainly in relation to an inconsistent plot, existing out of stills
lasting only seconds, performing qualities could not evolve this time.And here we are: The plot. Given that the director is an experienced
one, the screenwriter no rookie either, the outcome is that of a
newbie. Scenes introduced only seconds before they happen, scenes
started but not finished properly, gap fillers where other scenes
essential for understanding are not completed. Most scenes make
appetite for more, but the appetite nearly never is satisfied in the
end.Granted, as most kids and grown ups know the books by J.K. Rowling by
heart, the plot is widely known. But my friend does not read. She will
not be able to follow the plot. And give it another 10 years, another
generation of kids not infected with the Harry Potter fever, neither
will they.Close to 1; only due to the fact that the movie had some funny moments
and created throughout its lenght some laughter, its a 2.My advice: Save your money for the next book.
			
While the movie was generally entertaining, there were just certain
things that true Harry Potter fans are simply not going to be able to
be able to overlook. The major one, in my opinion, is Dumbledore.Since when does Dumbledore push Harry around and yell at him? I don't
think that this has EVER happened. He tends to be a more subdued
character who is very understated in everything he does. Dumbledore is
not the type to yell; instead, he reasons and kindly scolds students,
especially Harry. NEVER, EVER would he yell in Harry's face much less
push Harry around, question his own spell-work or for one second
believe that Harry Potter put his own name in the Goblet of Fire. IT IS
JUST NOT POSSIBLE! Other problems for fans of the book will include:
Krum, who comes off as a pompous oaf who is very much into himself and
not at all impressed by Harry or even slightly interested in him. The
whole scene about the Quidditch Cup and the Death Eaters which comes
off as something much bigger than it was in the book. The opening scene
at the Riddle house where Barty Crouch, Jr. shows up (DEFINITELY not in
the book). The Weird Sisters are definitely not at the Yule Ball, and
the Patil sisters are both in Griffindor (Padma is definitely in
Ravensclaw).On top of everything else, I must say that during a good portion of the
movie, I felt like I was watching a video game. There was entirely too
much CGI throughout the film.All in all, I must say that I was thoroughly disappointed in this film
because there were just certain things that could have been fixed so
easily and yet they were left there to ruin the movie for the true
fans. Basically, I would recommend seeing the movie if you are out for
a good time, but don't expect it to satisfy your lust for a movie that
mirrors the book well.
			
******spoilers****** I guess the Harry Potter movies hit their peak
with Prisoner of Azkaban--which had the benefit of being the only one
thusfar to have a director with actual talent and skill. A director
good enough to keep the audience from noticing what a poor scriptwriter
Steven Kloves really is.The plotting and pacing in this is really poor; the script itself as an
adaptation as weak--as an actual movie it is utter drivel. There are
individual lines that are good, but which worked better in the trailers
(and which, unlike the movie itself, I actually liked). The script is
written entirely to fans who are already familiar to the plot (with
minor explanations never coming about, and are sure to confuse anyone
who hasn't read the book). And for those of us with the benefit of
actually having read the book, many details just felt heavy-handed.Two of the worst things about the movie lie in the characterization (or
lack thereof) and the all the illogical changes and additions. I didn't
care much for the first two movies, but I don't think I have ever felt
more emotionally unattached to these main characters--which is even
more tragic considering the fact that Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint,
and Emma Watson are the best they've ever been. The interpretation of
Moody was not at all to my liking--too physical and juvenile for my
tastes--and my high opinion of Gambon's Dumbledore from PoA has
diminished. I'm afraid they're already past the point of some of the
best characters ever being what they are in the books (like Dumbledore
and McGonagall).What's worse is that they took precious time that could've been better
devoted to characters and instead decided to extend it for the silly
action sequences I had hoped we left behind with Columbus finally
pulled his claws out of the series. The first task is extended to a
stupid fight in which the "dragon" (though not really a dragon, because
it was actually a wyvern) chases Harry to the castle and we have
painful moments of watching him hang from an upper turret of the castle
trying to get back to his broom--before they fly off and go over a
cliff. There's a similar addition in the second task involving Harry
being attacked by grindylows (I think that's what they were) that was
wholly unnecessary and felt like it was done because someone was having
too much fun playing around with special effects. And a lot of other
additionally scenes--e.g. McGonagall teaching the students how to
dance--ultimately served no purpose and did *not* need to be there.Overall the movie was stilted, and cuts from scene to scene illogical
(there was almost no linearity to it--it felt like a series of scenes
cut together that have little more in common than the fact that Harry
is in every single one of them) and my opinion of Steven Kloves and
Mike Newell (who already brought us the dreadful Mona Lisa Smile) could
not be lower. Other HP fans will say it's great--and they're welcome to
their opinion. But I still would recommend to people--anyone, HP fan or
no--to *not* waste your money on this movie. It is, I'm sad to say, the
worst of the series thusfar.
			
I can't help, but to compare the Harry Potter movie to the books. If
you want to re-write the books don't call them "Harry Potter" anymore.Whoever put the last two Potter movies together, has kicked the books
right in the butt. I know there is an extreme amount of material to
cover in a movie like this, but if Peter Jackson can do such a
wonderful job on the "Lord of The Rings" series, they could do a better
job on these as well. Not everything in the movie sucked. For instance... I thought the
portrayal of Lord Valdemort was very good. Probably the best acting of
the whole movie. Followed by Mad Eye Moody. I wasn't too pleased with
the look of Moody, but I still feel he was one of the stronger
characters. There were several critical areas of the book that weren't covered.
Especially the character of Rita Skeeter. HORRIBLE casting for her, and
they completely skipped the whole point with her. There is more
involving Rita in the following books, and it won't make any sense
because they left that stuff out. The worst character by far was
Dumbledore. Dumbledore has an extreme confidence that oozed from his
charisma and knowledge in the books, but in this movie, he is a short
tempered angry confused old man. Not the character everyone describes
in the book as "The only wizard that Valdemort ever feared." I have to say the movie really went south for me in the heavy metal
goth scene at the Dance. Complete with crowd surfing midgets!! WTF?
Where in the heck did they come up with that? I am thinking someone in
the board room was saying "we need something with Moxy for the
soundtrack... whadda ya got for me? Nine Inch Nails impersonators? I
Like it! Make sure you put some magical Harry Potter looking stuff on
the drums and guitars. Bits of cloth and such... LAME!!!Then there was the complete disappearance of the blast ended Scroots,
No mention of the Dursleys AT ALL. The hedge maze scene was completely
revised, No follow through on Hagrid's interaction with Madame Maxime
and their link to the giants. The list goes on and on.I also want to say, they couldn't stick with trimming out stuff from
the book, they had also to add items that could have been easily left
out that had no importance whatsoever. The nearly boob popping Mermaid
on the wall in the bath chamber for one. WAAAY too much attention was
put on that lame unimportant item. Another was the entrance of the
girls from Beaubaton. I know it is hard to portray girls that are
supposed to be so beautiful, but the way they handled it in the movie
was terrible. Okay, I will get off of my soap box now. I just felt the need to voice
my disappointment with the movie, and more so, my disappointment with
all of the Rave reviews by people saying how great it was.. Are we
really that out of touch, or do people not care about good character
development and a good story, over scads of special effects? I want to
say I noticed. Not everyone bought into the Potter Hype, and it does a
disservice to such amazingly good books. Thank you for listening to my
rant. If this makes sense to you, we should probably become movie
critics together. I'd love to lay it on the line without buying into
the corporate spoon-fed formulaic garbage they try to force down the
gullet of the American movie goer. Peace.
			
i have to admit the film may be good if you haven't read the book but
if you have it is a big disappointment as they miss out bit that many
people would love to see. i mean i no they cant have everything in
there as it wouldn't end but even so. i also think that the new
Dumbledore isn't very appropriate for that role as the other actor
(r.i.p) was a much calm soft and gentle character but this actor plays
him as a loud in the film he Even pushes harry up against the wall and
shouts at him even in the 3rd film he was like that when the fat lady
disappeared when he was telling people move. it would have been alright
if he had started off like that but even in the books he is known as
the soft gentle loving figure.i have to admit i wish i had waited for this to come out on DVD then
have seen it at the cinema.age 12
			
I was lounging around my house this evening and suddenly, Harry Potter
and the Goblet of Fire is on Movie Channel so why not have a go and
watch it? I am an avid reader of Harry Potter and I have my own
portrayals of all the characters (and I'm sure that all of you do too).Now I know I can't change the appearances of Harry, Ron, Hermione etc
because they're growing up but what about Viktor Krum? In the book,
he's described as a boy whose tall, toned and muscular but in the
movie, hes short and stocky. Fleur Delacour... yes she was pretty but
I'm sure they could've done better. Now, the biggest disappointment for
me was Dumbledore. So cold, distant and rough. He isn't the Dumbledore
that we all know and love.Mike Norwell cut a lot of parts but this one really 'bugs' me (ha ha
pun intended). The reporter, Rita Skeeter was not mentioned as an
Anamagus which is partially relevant in the fifth film. I know that if
you kept every single part of the movie, you would be in there for 4
hours but I don't think they cut out the right parts. I fell asleep
watching it in the Theatres! The special effects could've been better
from the dragons to the scenery to iunno, everything! This truly was
interpretted by Mike Norwell as one of the darkest books.I did get the after movie jitters when I finished it in the theatres
but now that I watch it maybe the third or fourth time around
(partially), I realize that this was the worst out of the four movies
that are out. I hope Mike Norwell did not direct the fifth one.
			
I am begging on me KNEES to have Chris Colombus come back!!! I am so
horrified and angry at the new director. He went WAY too fast. In the
beginning, Mr. Weasley was supposed to send Harry a letter, telling him
he will pick him up for the World Cup, then Mr. Weasley comes by floo
powder to come pick Harry up. None of that happens. They start with
Harry already at the Weasley's. Also, the World Cup lasted less than 5
minutes!!! They didn't even show the veelas nor Winky-which is a key
character in the next books. Overall, the crew skipped practically 1/3
of the book..And made the rest up!! They were also supposed to figure
out why Rita Skeeter has been able to get all that gossip, she a
flippin animagus...she turns into a beetle. This is the worst Harry
Potter movie yet.
			
Another Harry Potter Movie. Another wondrous extravaganza full of
glittering special effects and the unwinding plot against harry by the
dark lord.Only, there didn't seem all that much unwinding this time. The
intricacy is gone.The Dursleys are gone too, and it is a sad loss. Repulsive characters
though they were, they were fabulous.Even worse, Hogwarts is gone. Yes, the whole movie is set in Hogarts,
but they've pretty much excised all the interaction in the classrooms.At one point in the movie a major character simply disappears from the
scene without any explanation or reference.I assume all this was to try to keep the film to a reasonable length.
They succeeded somewhat there, but the cost was too great. The movie
lacks a sense of richness and depth of the earlier films.I guess that most people will overlook this and just be happy that
there's another HP movie, but I cannot help but be left with a
melancholic sense of loss. There was an opportunity to make something
great here, something truly remarkable, but they've settled for
something that is just good.
			
This fourth Harry Potter film represents a significant slide from the
previous film, the Prisoner of Azkaban. Mike Newell's hamfisted
direction pales in comparison to the nuanced and adult work of Alfonso
Cuarn, and Newell's trite work more like the dull and insipid films of
series originator Chris Columbus. Michael Gambon looked bored and
embarrassed, which at least was better than Daniel Radcliffe or Emma
Watson, whose incompetence only becomes more glaring with every passing
film. Rupert Glint was upstanding as ever, but was likewise hobbled by
an utterly facile, idiotic script. The film is too long to hold even
the most ardent fan's attention, but the film's most important failures
all center on its relationships with its source text and its audience.
As far as the source text is concerned, Rowlings is not a particularly
good writer, and fidelity to her text is not an ambition to champion.
Many of her scenes are awkward enough in the original, let alone
graceful when translated to the screen. Some are outright stupid,
retarded, substandard according to any conceivable model of drama or
narrative. The audience is another matter. This film simply is not
designed for 14 year olds. The film reads younger than the previous
two, whereas the entire point behind the series is for the material and
the audience to grow together.Finally, there is a creepy moment of pedophilia that all should be
ashamed of... the Bathhouse Scene is perhaps the most hysterically
embarrassing moment to surface in a teen film. Even John Hughes could
have done better than this.
			
This film was directed by Mike Newell, of Four Wedding's and a Funeral
(1994), and Pushing Tin (1999) fame. Here we see his interpretation of
J.K. Rowling's novel The Goblet of Fire. His career mainly consists of
T.V. Direction, since 1964, and a smattering of movies. Plagiarism isn't the order of the day here, which is a pity, because if
you are going to sell the book rights to the movie industry, then we
would hope that it would or should, at least, stick to the original
story. As naive as it sound's. This is the poorest of the four Potter movies so far. The story was
non-existent, the character development was extremely shallow and the
overall content was less than mediocre to say the least. The plot being that He who shall not be named comes back, again, to
wreak havoc, almost. This only occurs during the final half hour or so.
While the rest of the movie, the whole film being around two hours and
forty minutes long, fair enough, is based on a tournament that contains
three dangerous tasks. The conclusion at the end of the final task is
that Harry unwittingly becomes His prisoner, here we go again. Thus
ending in a show down, a very quick and positively anti climatic show
down, a little like the first movie. The ending came a little too sudden, which seems a wasted opportunity
considering the length of this movie, and because of the lack of build
up, the final show down was neither exiting nor worthy off a movie of
this stature. Apart from the shots of the Quidditch World Cup games at the beginning
of the film, the hapless gang of three never leave the school grounds
during the entire movie. This makes for a very stale and drawn-out
plot. The sense of magic, meaning Wizards, Witches, Wands and
Broomsticks etc, is lost in this over produced eye candy. There is a
little too much distraction with what seem in places, unnecessary
digital effects, which weakens the plot by substituting substance over
effect. This movie (concept) has grown up since its birth, but as it has grown
older, it has, like most healthy teenagers, become lost in its own
World, thus needing a guiding hand or wand if you wish, to point it
back in the right direction. Go to the top of the class for effort Mr Newell, but expect very little
marks for content.
			
The first two were fantastic, and the third one was average. The fourth
is horrible. This installment in the Harry Potter saga is a shame to
any Harry Potter reader.The three tasks were wonderful in the novel, but in the film they were
drab and lifeless. The first task was probably the best of the three.
The dragon was well done. The second task was very lame. The mermaids
and weird squid-things were very fake. The third task was so
disappointing. They made you think it would be good when they showed
this huge maze, but then the cup is found in less than five minutes.
Also, what was up with the wind blowing through the maze? Voldemort
could not have been any stranger. He looked like Michael Jackson. He
wasn't menacing or evil enough for my taste. One final thing, why were
they wearing designer clothes? The robes made it more magical. Very,
very upsetting.Overall the movie was too dark, stupid, and it didn't convey any sense
of magic.Unless you didn't read any of the books and like teen angst, it was a
terrible experience.
			
It is amazing how producers can destroy people's illusions to save some
money. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was the summit, the
best direction and music, they knew the next one was suppose to be a
success, so why spend more money! lets make a cheap movie, it will make
us rich!!! The script was OK but it was unnecessary to show the first
scenes with the tournament, it could have been better to focus on the
goblet of fire itself, more interesting scenes there. Brendan Gleeson
was superb, the only that was really good one, really. It was shocking
the change in music, I was used to John Williams good instrumentation.
The direction was some time to oriented to show British education, too
irrelevant to show here.
			
If you read the book, prepared to be disappointed. The movie was 2-1/2
hours compared to the previous 3-1/2-4 hour Sorcerer's Stone, Chamber
of Secrets and Prisoner of Azkaban and the book was twice the size of
any of these books. They left out more of the story than they put in.
This was like buying a Porsche and not getting the body. There will be
people that will like the movie, probably because they never read the
book. They were slim on effects. They must have really had a tight
budget to leave so much out. Some of the previous films were so
detailed, they were like heavy Cream, but Goblet was like was like Skim
Milk, white water. Maybe Warner's has decided that the Harry Potter
films are no longer a good franchise to invest in. I wonder what J. K.
Rowling really thought of this one. Probably only her close friends and
family will know.
			
It was a terrible, awful mistake not to convince Cuaron to direct this
movie. Mike Newell obviously has a VERY different vision of what a
Harry Potter movie should look like - think Baz Luhrman for tweenies -
and he was obviously unwilling to sacrifice any of that vision for the
sake of consistency. There is no reason why he could not have filmed
the sequel to Prisoner of Azkaban in his own style while remaining true
to the central characters, as directors have done with the previous
three films. Instead, he directs GOF as if it's part of an entirely
different series of books, resulting in so many inconsistencies and
loose ends that the film becomes unwatchable.First off, we have these militant looking, Cold War/SS dudes appearing
out of nowhere, conducting trials and making threats in growly, Eastern
European accents. Who were they? I still have no what the *&^% they
wanted! Secondly, as many other people have already pointed out,
Dumbledore has undergone a radical and inexplicable change in his
character. Instead of the solitary, solemn and often-overlooked wizard,
we now have a growling power monger (all the men in this movie seem to
growl when they speak, for some reason). The new Dumbledore also makes
threats, shouts and fraternizes with the Cold War baddies as if they
were his oldest and dearest friends.Bafflingly, the rest of the cast all behave as if Dumbledore's
behaviour is entirely normal. Meanwhile, anybody who has seen the
previous three movies knows that this is not the same Dumbledore. And
yet Newell offers no explanation as to why he's changed.Thirdly, and most disappointing of all, is the demotion of Hermione
from the 'bloody brilliant' girl who was 'the brightest witch of her
age' to an insecure piece of arm candy. What a coward Newell must be if
he can't even bear to have a 14 year old girl playing a strong role in
his film! I also wonder how this sudden change in Hermione will affect
all the young female fans of the Potter movies, for whom she must have
been a bit of a role model. They probably came away from this flick
thinking that it's not okay to be strong once you're a woman; that
having boobs and boys means that you can no longer be outspoken or
intellectual. What a load of misogynistic BS! I don't blame the author
however. I haven't read the book but somehow, I just can't imagine a
smart woman like JK Rowling painting such an unrealistic portrait of a
girl on the brink of womanhood. Confident young girls don't normally
morph into wallflowers once they hit puberty. If anything they become
louder, more snappy and quite confused. Hermione, on the other hand,
has become totally one-dimensional. But then Newell is probably setting
her up to play a diminished role in future films, so he can focus even
more obsessively on Harry.Actually, I found that the almost all of the women played second-class
and hyper-sexualized roles in this film, to the point of being
nonsensical. Take, for instance, the French babes that arrive in
skin-hugging outfits at the start of the film, flaunting perfect
36-28-36 figures. There aren't any teenagers in the world who look like
that!! And why are they even at the competition? The only magical
ability they demonstrate is the ability make showers of fluttery,
flowery shapes appear out of thin air. They too are nothing but
arm-candy in this film.In a nutshell, I think that the Harry Potter franchise should fire
Newell and make Goblet of Fire over again from scratch. That is
probably the only move that could improve this film.
			
If JK Rowling were directing these movies, we'd wind up with a
five-hour movie but PEOPLE WOULD SIT THERE AND WATCH IT. Why? BECAUSE
IT'S HARRY POTTER. Stick in an intermission, make it really long, it's
HP, people will stay and watch it!!! The SFX & CG were really good (always have been), Alan Rickman &
various other actors did an awesome job (only reason for the 3 stars),
but WHAT THE HELL happened to the kind, old, intelligent, powerful,
slightly crazy Dumbledore?!?! Why does he start yelling & choking Harry
& using him as BAIT?!?! Also, do dragons have memory loss??? The damn thing forgets to fly and
starts CLIMBING THE BUILDING!!! What was up with that chase scene?!?!
Couldn't they have kept it even REMOTELY like the book?!?! Why stick Crouch jr in there at the beginning?!?! Why get rid of
Dobby??? He's like my favorite character!!! And the other
house-elf...uhh...what's her name..Winky? Why write them out? And
S.P.E.W....and the kitchens??? And Hogsmeade and Sirius? Was that EVEN
Sirius in the fireplace scene? I couldn't tell. WHY?!?! AAAGH!!!The graveyard scene...words can't describe how bad that was. Priori
Incantatem...for want of a better word...SUCKED. That wasn't how I
imagined it. Where was the terror of the Death Eaters?!?! Voldemort's
anger?!?! HALF OF THE DAMN DEATH EATERS WERE GONE!!!WHAT...THE HELL...WAS UP...WITH...THE MAZE?!?! Holy crap! The hedges
had a mind of their own and cannibalistic roots!!! What about the
traps, the sphinx, the Acromantulas?!?! WE'VE SEEN THE ACROMANTULAS,
THEY WERE AWESOME, WE KNOW THEY EXIST (thank you, Chris Columbus), THE
BOOK GOES INTO GREAT DETAIL ABOUT AN ATTACK BY ONE OF THEM, *SO WHY NOT
PUT THEM IN*?!?!Also, as in all my HP reviews, praise of John Williams' fantastic
score. BUT WAIT!!! HE DIDN'T DO THIS ONE!!! I miss him already. Can you
imagine what kind of creepy, haunting tone he would have come up with
for the lake scene??? THe spooky stuff he could have made for the
maze??? The eerie graveyard theme??? He could have written some
incredible Piori Incantatem music!John Williams, COME BAAAAAAACK!!!Seriously, JK Rowling, would you mind directing these movies?PS: Sorry about all the yelling in caps. When I feel angry about one of
my favorite books turning to trash, I tend to use caps.
			
It wasn't the worst movie in the world and I didn't want to return the
DVD or sell it on ebay right after I'd seen it but it wasn't good. I
blame the director, he hasn't got the chops for this. Much too much of
this film was left out, even if you haven't read the books. There was
NO character development and what was filmed turned out to be a jumble
of a plot. It was not at all coherent. Nothing made sense and I don't
feel that it moved the story along well. I'm just glad it's over and I
hope the next director at least is aware of this story. I wonder if it
wasn't a bad idea to change directors for every film, too many
divergent visions. Not good at all.
			
I just can't believe that this movie is having such high average
rating. For beginning, it is confusing. Director is constantly jumping
to next scene without concluding the previous. I can't imagine how
confused were persons who didn't read the book. The movie seems like a
supplement for the book, instead of independent work. And there's
more.... Harry Potter is not an action hero. Some stuff he does in
Harry Potter movies are more far-fetched then Master Chuck Norris' and
Steven Seageal's action moves, even though he has magical powers. I
have a feeling that creators of this "movie"(looks to me like long
trailer), were trying to show much in short time, and ended up showing
nothing. They should have done it like Kill Bill. In two parts, or a
mini-series.
			
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" is the sort of profound cinematic
achievement that prompts the following, agonizing question:Will this series NEVER end?Devotees of the Harry Potter books seem to get a big kick out of these
movies, but I am not sure how anybody else can. It is hard to tell one
movie from another, as the series is just a prolonged - and extremely
tiresome - display of special effects and three boring characters'
attempts to look awed at various magical/fantasy events as if they are
just encountering the world of magic for the very first time.And that is in spite of the fact that after four years at Hogwarts
School of Magic, where one can't even spend time in a bathroom without
being pestered by supernatural phenomenon, they must have seen it all
by now.What doesn't help this series is that Harry Potter has to be the most
trite fictional character to come along since the Hardy Boys.The script leaves no room for a buildup of suspense and action as the
plots of these movies are always jam-packed with the same stock
elements: - a constant parade of uninspired magical effects, made even less
interesting by their over-saturation, - characters you could care less about being introduced by the
boat-load (literally), - Harry's tedious run-ins with student rival Malfoy, - magic contests and tournaments that in spite of always being
life-threatening (if I was one of the kids' parents, it would be a good
case for home- schooling) are nevertheless yawn -inducing- plot "twists" that have all the unpredictability and impact of a
dripping faucet,- and the evil bad guy that just won't go down, a la Jason or Freddie
Krueger (I can't remember the nemesis' name...it's something of a cross
between "Walmart" and "tort reform").And what a shock it is when Harry emerges victorious! Does anyone
watching these movies ever feel like Harry is really in trouble? I mean
really? It's like wondering if Austin Powers is going to escape Dr.
Evil. (Actually, I take that back...the Austin Powers flicks have much
more tension.)New characters are always being introduced as the series progresses,
forcing the series' accumulation of cast members into requisite cameo
roles that keep getting shorter and shorter. Not that it matters. Even
the three main children characters who get plenty of play time have
personalities as exciting as damp dish rags and characterizations that
are onion-paper thin.One truly entertaining aspect of the film is the fact that the ages of
the three main "children" actors is outpacing the ages of their
characters as the series trudges on. As old-looking later teens they
hardly look like the cute fourteen year-olds they are suppose to be.
And Potter and Weasely, with their ever-lengthening scraggly
hairstyles, are beginning to look more like hippies that would appear
just as comfortable with a marijuana joint in their hands as a magic
wand.For kids only. I give this three stars only in deference to my
children. Somehow, the film does manage to keep their attention, which
is what terrifies me the most about these HP movies (Sorry, guys...love
ya!)
			
I'm absolutely disappointed. The stuff they've published doesn't
represent the book's meaning at all they just picked out a few exiting
scenes of the book and left out the rest. Of course if everything would
have been published the movie would last about five hours, but at last
they could have put in the house elves and Hermione's organization.
This movie is not dignified to be called Harry Potter. All the Harry
Potter movies that were made by Chris Columbus are a thousand times
better than this rubbish. I can just hope that the films that are still
left to be made will be better. But you might ask yourself now why I
have given it 3 points and not just one, but of course there are not
only bad things in this movie, there are still some good facts about
it:the stadium at the Quiditch world cup looked quite like I imagined it
while I read the booksVoldemort looked quite funny, but here I must also mention that the
death eaters were absolutely terrible: How the hell got the film makers
the idea of giving them Sido's masks!The yule ball was also funny but perhaps a little bit short.There were lots of jokes in there.So all in all "the goblet of the fire" was the worst Harry Potter I
have ever watched, but it is still an event to pass the time.
			
I found this movie to be a big disappointment. It was very abrupt and
staccato in the storyline which made it very hard to follow. The
general feel of the movie was not right. In fact, it felt like I was
watching a play rather than a movie. None of the characters were
developed in this movie. It was WAY too much crammed into 2 hours. This movie should have been two movies. Perhaps they should have
released them a month apart or something. Bummer because I was really
looking forward to this movie.Another problem was that the characters were wrong. Dumbledore seemed
to be "out of control" or loosing control. In the books, Dumbledore is
always in control or at least up to the last book.
			
I actually liked the first 3 (?) but this one just isn't worth seeing,
at least not in the theater. There's not much of a story here. The
special effects just get int he way of the story, the attempts to
address the students' coming of age seem disjointed, and basically its
more of the same. Even within the imaginary world of the storyline,
things don't seem to make sense. The main mover of the plot is a
gruesome tournament among wizard schools which is over the top and
doesn't serve well as a basis for a plot. What did I expect? I thought
this might develop from the earlier charm of the first movies to
something more thoughtful as far as story, development of character,
and development of the fictional background for these stories.
Admittedly, I don't read the books so perhaps I set my expectations too
high. More of the same without the charm of the previous ones.
			
I must say that I was sorely disappointed with this film. As an
interpretation of the book, I think it was a good idea to cut out any
details that were superfluous to Harry's specific story. However, the
script and, more to the point, the direction, is simply a random
collection of unconnected events. As a result, this film is a choppy,
disconnected and clumsy collection of snippets from the book. There is
almost no continuity in this film. Important scenes have no buildup and
seem to happen at random. The pace is constant, never allowing the
movie to breathe, and, as a result, the underlying themes that are so
important to the story never surface.At its heart, this is a story about coming of age and, more
importantly, the loss of innocence. But because the thematic and
character development is almost nonexistent, we never feel these ideas.
I recently remarked to a friend of mine that watching this movie was
like being in a room with a group of imposters. The characters we've
come to know and enjoy so well have been replaced by cardboard cutouts.
Even Hogwarts, itself a vibrant, magical character, has been stripped
down and replaced by a gray, colorless and magicless place. Its
intimate splendor has been constricted; even the Great Hall seems so
much smaller. The mark of a great movie is one that can draw the viewer in and tell a
story with few words and little screen time. Think of the great movies
you've seen. In the first 10 minutes, you begin to know what the
characters are all about and get a feel for the story. In this movie,
you never know the characters and for that I fault the director, Mike
Newell. Exposition of the story is done mostly through dialogue. The
characters have to tell us what's happening; Newell never shows us.
Much like he did in Donnie Brasco, Newell never has a feel for the
material and the result is a film that just ambles, with no beginning
and no end, just a bunch of stuff in the middle.In many ways, this movie reminds me of the most recent Star Wars films,
in which very good actors (Natalie Portman, Ewan McGregor, Liam
Neesson) have been neutered by poor direction. In Goblet of Fire, the
characters constantly seem out of place, their emotions seemingly
plucked at random. Emma Watson, in particular, is guilty of overacting
as she never seems to find the right chord. This is a shame, because
The Prisoner of Azkaban showed her to be an up and coming actor, as
Alfonso Cuaron was able to extract a much stronger performance from
her. And while much of the criticism of Michael Gambon's performance as
Dumbledore is warranted, a stronger director could have guided him
towards a more faithful portrayal.Ultimately what dooms this film is a complete lack of nuance. There are
no slow, soft moments to contrast with the action and nothing to place
any of the characters in context. It is a movie done with crude, broad
strokes. I remember thinking that it felt like the director used a
hacksaw when he should have been painting with a small brush. The
result is a soulless, off-base movie that feels nothing like the story
we've come to love. Let's hope a better director is chosen for the
fifth film before this wonderful franchise is ruined.
			
The other three Harry Potter movies were made for large demographics.
Mainly, kids love the books, but there are many adults as well. The
movies were originally made for all types of people, age and preference
wise. There was fantasy, adventure, romance, horror, etc. This movie
was based on adventure. And for anyone who has ever read the books,
this movie was NOTHING compared to the book. They left out so much from
the book, that they are going to have to do some re-editing somewhere,
because information that they left out, some of it was vital to the
next book/movie. As just a movie, I would give it a low rating as well.
For someone who had never read the book, it was very confusing. My best
friend had never read the book, and the first ten minutes of the movie,
she was leaning against my arm and asking me what the heck was going
on. All in all, it was a major disappointment and I hope that the next
one will be made closer to what the original three were.
			
What an absolute waste of 2.5 hours of my life. Let me get this out
early, I do NOT fault JK Rowling for a bad story, quite the opposite.
This movie had significant shoes to fill with the first 3 installments
ranging from great to interesting, but this latest entry into the
franchise was far and away a sub-par offering.Okay, so what did I find wrong with it. Quite simply THIS MOVIE CAN NOT
STAND ON ITS OWN. It should not be a pre-requisite to read the book
prior to seeing the film. I don't want homework assigned to me to go
and spend $18 for my wife and I to enjoy an evening at the movies. I
walked into this film as someone who saw 1 and 2, and had high hopes
for 4. Both of us were extremely dissatisfied.I can excuse several issues that my wife could not get past. 1. The
movie was too "dark". No, not content the actual lighting on many of
the sequences was too dim to really make out what was happening
(quidditch match, underwater, etc..) If the content is dark, you do not
have to be literal and make the viewer feel as if they are wearing
sunglasses during the film (I get it already, ooo danger all around).
2. The editing was horrible. In your face, fast panning, extreme
closeups, etc. While I'm not expecting a beautiful Kurosawa film, how
about some medium shots, let the visuals tell some of the story (and
let me SEE the visuals (see #1)). 3. Dialogue. Here's a great idea,
let's take some teenagers (who as a group tend to not have the clearest
diction anyway, thank you Ron Weasley) and put multiple accents in the
script so you are sure to miss at least 20% of the lines throughout the
2.5 hours. 4. Big Build-up, little return. Okay, so was the director
capped by how long the film could be? He started off strong, lots of
action with the wizard's cup scenes, but then at the end, guess
what..we're gonna wrap it up in 5 minutes or less. I'm sorry, the
ending seemed to be nothing more than a "tune in next time" bid for
viewers to return for the 5th film instead of drawing conclusions to
the film that we've already paid for. What about Voldemort? How did
people celebrate the wizard's cup winner? these are just a couple of
questions that don't even get addressed at the end..I know I'm going to get flamed from a lot of people who love this
movie, but I'm telling you my opinion. Without a frame of reference of
having read the book, don't waste your time or money on this film. It's
not our responsibility or problem that the book was 8 million pages
long..make it a 3-hour film, have an ending, or make it a 2-part movie,
something. The story should not be sacrificed, and in this case, it
was. Truly a shame.
			
Don't get me wrong. I like the Harry Potter books, and have them all. I
have enjoyed the prior films immensely. This film needed to be done in
two parts, or made longer with an intermission. There were entirely too
many important parts left out to carry the plot. My wife, who hasn't
read the book, commented that the film jumped too rapidly for her to
keep up with the plot development and I very much concur.I hope that when the DVD is released it will have about an hour of
"deleted scenes" ala Lord of the Rings. And I hope that future Harry
Potter films will devote whatever time it takes to be faithful to the
plot.
			
I would like to personally thank the director for ruining arguably the
best Harry Potter book and making it into not only the worst movie of
the series, but a pretty awful movie in general. By eliminating
essential plot points and characters, such as house-elves and Mrs.
Weasley, we miss the intricate world that JK Rowling created. This film
has been reduced to merely the three competitions of the tournament and
the rise of Lord Voldemort. We miss out on the richness of the
characters and their relationships. Harry's friendship with the Weasley
family is one of the most touching aspects of the series and it grows
to become an essential part of Harry's character as he discovers that
he can create his own family to draw strength from. Plus leaving Sirius
out almost completely reduces his importance as well, and has ruined a
great deal of set up for the fifth installment. Additionally, I just
find it offensive to Rowling's fans to completely change the plot of
Goblet of Fire. The ending of Goblet of Fire is completely surprising,
and the film maker has changed it to be completely predictable by
introducing characters at inappropriate times and eliminating others.
The mystery in Goblet of Fire is completely absent from the movie.
Albeit, the humor in this movie is enjoyable, but I'd rather the
director not have included his fabricated dance scene and stay truer to
the book. The editing and timing of this movie was choppy. Most of the
scenes were extremely cheesy, I was laughing during the dragon battle
rather than worrying about Harry. Also, the degree to which the
characters were portrayed inaccurately was painful. The movie was
reduced to mere events and no overall plot. Overall, this film was a
huge disappointment and I left the theater wishing they could remake it
to be true to the book.
			
I'm mad sorry. but this movie was trash. i don't want to seem mean. but
to make a movie based on a book which a gazillion read and then change
the whole ruddy story isn't much of a good idea. personally, i was
immensely disappointed with the fact that 3 important characters where
missing, and not only that but around 20 scenes or so which will
definitely effect the rest of the movies weren't there. where was
bagman? dammit guys, he is a big part? ooorr winky? she basically sets
the base on the point of the movie at the quidditch world cup! and
dobbie!! where is he? smoking? he jacked the gilliweed not neville!
sigh... I'm sorry but it was bad.
			
As hyped up as this movie was, i was extremely disappointed. I am a
huge fan of the books, and a fan of the other movies. I realize the
director and writers had only a short time span to work with(even the
most devoted harry potter fan would not sit through the 9 or 10 hours
the full book would take up in movie form) but even so,they left out
extremely crucial pieces of the plot, and instead of the intricately
woven plot that Rowling put together in the book, the movie was
summarized into a few jarring, disconnected scenes which barely
captured the very essentials of the book. And even this wasn't very
well thought out. The scene where Barty crouch jr. is revealed is the
place in the book where everything the reader has been wondering about
is suddenly pulled together as voldemort's ingenious plan is slowly
unraveled. Instead in the movie, when the time comes, nothing the
viewer didn't already know is revealed. And now for those of you who
are shaking their heads at my comment and saying "they did a terrific
job with what they were given" even you can't argue with my next point.
They altered the very personalities of two main characters. For the
observant ones out there i'm sure you know I'm referring to Cedric
Diggory and Albus Dumbledore. Lets start with Diggory, in the book he
was known as a kind hearted, noble boy who always did his best to be
fair(a bit of a pansy in my opinion, but maybe thats a little harsh) in
the movie, in the scene where harry and Cedric are desperately
sprinting towards the cup(minus one giant spider....but i'm done
complaining about all the things they left out) Cedric not actually
*shoves* harry out of the way as he runs, not giving harry a backwards
glance. And as they approach the cup together, instead of looking at
harry with a mixture of longing for the cup and thankfulness to harry
for saving his butt, he snaps at harry to take the cup with seemingly
nothing in his tone but regret and anger that he feels he now owes the
cup to harry. thats not the Cedric diggory readers of the series have
grown to love. And albus dumbledore was much more fierce and violent
than he is in the books. the whole purpose of dumbledore is that he is
quiet, calm, and above everything. almost godlike(before the 6th book)
in this one, when he discovers Barty crouch with harry in the end, he
actually *throttles* him with his bare hands and asks to know where
alastor is. This type of muggle violence is so uncharacteristic of the
real albus. So all in all, quite disappointing movie, although i will
say one thing. Daniel Radcliffe and his crew have come a long way. The
fact that this movie was a total travesty is by no means the fault of
the crew, who did an excellent job. And looked very good doing it. (I'm
referring mainly to the ill fated Cedric diggory. may he rest in peace)
			
i really, really wanted to like this movie. i love the books, as most
people do. but. i don't know. just everything was not quite right. i
know they had time crunches and its hard to get everything from the
book into the movie. but. some things, it's like. it wouldn't take any
more time to do. i really wondered if the director actually read the
book. first off, the traditional HP music wasn't there. i love the
music, and i think that the music is REALLY important. and when Cedric
died and when harry came back from the graveyard, the scene didn't
evoke any emotion from me. i cried when i read the book, but, i was
like...um? this is corny music. also. Dumbledore's whole portrayal. he
just seemed so agitated in the movie. he couldn't control his emotions.
in the book, its not like he suppressed his emotions or didn't feel the
guilt of everything that was happening, but in the book, a lot of is
was shown through the eyes. and that he was a strong wizard...so he
wouldn't get so frazzled. (for lack of a better explanation) i just
didn't think that Michael Gambon did a good job at portraying the
essence of Dumbledore's character. the acting on a whole... i just
didn't like. as the story progresses (the books) the books are darker
and darker. and i don't think Daniel, Rupert, or Emma really did a
great job at it. it seemed forced. i don't know. you didn't feel the
pain nearly as much as you should have. or how much of an impact it had
on me in the book. it was superficial, you could say. they showed
like...almost nothing of the World Cup and wasn't Barty crouches Jr.'s
hair blonde? and i thought Moody's hair was dark brown. it wouldn't
have cost THAT much to get actors with the color hair that was correct.
there were just so many little things that didn't go parallel to the
book. oh yeah. and Barty Crouch Jr. wasn't even in the first scene with
Wormtail...in the maze, i mean, the maze was pretty cool, the
helicopter scan, but, i mean. what was the thing with the moving
bushes? i don't ever recall there being any hedges that strangled
people. the spider, the sphinx, or the sparkly field wasn't there. but
devil's snare was there. and that wasn't in the book. the graveyard
scene wasn't even that intense either. when the reflections of all the
people Voldemort killed came out, i remember in the book, they looked
almost solid, almost real...but i could hardly see what they looked
like. oh and they didn't show Bertha Jorkins come out. they left her
out the of the movie totally. everything just didn't seem to scale very
big. i mean. the crowd before they went in the maze....it seemed so
small. it seemed more like a circus room with the band. oh and the lake
looked more like a river. and the landscape didn't even coincide with
the book. when harry looks in the pensive at the scene with his father,
they were lounging around the lake on grassy knolls besides the lake. i
don't know about you. but. those cliffs don't look like you could chill
on them. maybe i'm a purist about the movie. but when there are so many
blatant mistakes...even with small details. i liked the other three
movies, just not this one.
			
OK its me and my friend Caitlyn...we just we're so disappointed about
this movie because we had such high hopes...here is part 1 of our
review: This is the official Harry Potter review written by freakishly
obsessive HP freaks, Aubrey A. Rose, and Caitlyn J Leiter-Mason. Enjoy!
First of all, we are not going to try and talk you out of going to see
it, because we know you will. No matter we say you are going to want to
see it for yourself so go see it and be warned, but remember what we
tell you!!! 1. Mike Newell seemed to not be able to make up his mind on what kind
of film he wanted to make. Maybe he missed the memo that he was doing
the fourth and best HARRY POTTER MOVIE!!! Instead he tried to be artsy,
big mistake; you get all these random artsy shots that make no sense
just for the granola loving freaks. Then there is the cheap over done
comedy, with all the freaky jokes that make no sense, there are a few
good actual "Harry Potterish jokes" but when you get to those you can't
properly enjoy them because all the other jokes were so forced and out
of place. Also, Mike Newell seemed to have some kind of short-term
memory loss because he placed foreshadowing hints that he later forgot
about them. WE hope to god he is not asked to continue filming, luckily
the Harry Potter directors rotate yearly.2. We'll start by saying that the whole theater was filled with forced
laughter from the poseur Harry Potter fans! The whole first half of the
film was filled with cheesy "teen movie" jokes. The film was so
obviously directed towards the teenage a.k.a ditsy generation.3. Dan's performance was shocking! For some reason, his acting was too
forced and did not seem as real as it used to. I'm afraid that some of
his mediocre acting rubbed of on his friend Emma Watson, for her
performance was surprising too. The two of them acted no where near
their potential, could it be there aging? The stress? The new director?
What ever it was, let's hope it corrects itself in the next two years.4. The beginning was AWFUL!!! It didn't feel at all like Harry Potter,
the opening was all weird and they messed around with the theme and
used violins playing the theme in MINOR!!! It set the stage for a
totally screw up of a movie.5. The best part about the 4th book was seeing was Frank Bryce thought
about everything. He didn't over hear anything and they used the same
clip at least three times in the movie!!! Barty Crouch Jr., who I'm
sure you all know from the books, was introduced rather awkwardly and
was thrown into the first scene with Nagina, Wormtail, and Voldemort.
No one could follow this scene and it was not dramatic enough. It was
so rushed! 6. Suddenly we were in the Burrow and it did not feel like
it at all. Mike Newell screwed the whole house up and it just sucked!
By the wayno Mrs. WEASLEY! She was not in this movie probably for good
reasons. I'm assuming she saw how much of a screw-up this movie was
going to be and bolted! Anyway, the Weasleys' walk in their backyard
into a horribly animated forest. U would think that with all the money
coming in from the first three movies would cover a set for an actual
Burrow and a forest. Instead we were stuck with cheap animation. They
are then greeted by Amos Diggory and Cedric jumps out of a tree. Need I
say more? Randomly, they are on top of a mountain and surrounding a
boot 7. The port key scene, wow!!! I am guessing, well hoping that Mike
Newell has a bunch of spy kids obsessed kids, because if he doesn't
then, wow, he needs serious help. The people are spinning around like
the thumbs-thumbs do, personally I wouldn't have noticed if they have
thrown them in there.8. They get to the quid ditch cup and all the tents were set up, here's
how the quid ditch cup went: Irish, Bulgaria, Snitch and over. You
don't even know who wins. There is a dancing leprechaun,and animated
Krum flying everywhere and it looks like crap. Nothing works of feels
right. No Winky! Fudge releases a snitch and it ends a bunch of jokes
about Ron and his special friend Krum and its over!!! It was
horrible!!!!!! 9. Then Mr. Weasley walks into the tent and is like
"kids we got to go to the port key" and they are like "huh?" and they
look outside and there is chaos. No one in the audience had any idea
what was going on and it just looked like a bunch of football fans
running around being chased by the Klu Klutz Klan.
			
Harry Potter fans are likely to be very disappointed with this movie.
If you have read the books up to and beyond Goblet of Fire, you will
notice a significant portion of the original story is missing from the
film, to a much greater extent than the earlier films.I understand that certain things would have to be removed - the book is
_big_, however many key elements are missed out, many of which will
have a significant impact on the later films as the storyline is
incomplete.Perhaps the inevitable "Special Extended Edition" DVD will fill in some
of the gaps! Missing story elements aside, the film is otherwise
excellent. If you haven't read the books this is a must-see, and if you
have read the books then forget what you know, keep an open mind and
enjoy anyway!
			
Mike Newell has done a fabulous job in destroying the film.The film is
too fast paced and doesn't follows the book on many occasions.Anybody
who hasn't read the book will not understand what's going in the
movie.Many subplots from the book, which makes the book a great read
are missing in the movie.This includes Rita Skeeter plot,Fred and
George plot,there is no mention of Bertha Jokins.Also the character of
Ludo Bagman is missing from the film.Inshort they have changed the
story at many places.The only thing worth watching in the film is the character of mad-eye
Moody and the special effects.This includes the quidditch word cup
stadium(though they haven't shown the final game),the final sequence in
the maze and the rebirth of Lord Voldemort.However the ending is not
explained properly explained in the movie(done fantastically in the
book).Harry Potter fans will be disappointed after watching the film.
			
First, I am a big fan of the books but understand that the films need
to stand on their own. This one does not though it is so rushed and
chaotic at times that it assumes that all have read the books and can
follow what in the world is going on. Prisoner of Askaban was creative
inventive and a clear case of someone doing everything right from the
use of soundtrack to spell bounding lighting and visual effects. The
opposite is true of Goblet of Fire. We are sadly back to square one
with the films back to the paint by numbers approach that still can't
save the director from getting lost in his own jumbled mess of a film.Luckily the source material is some of the strongest that JK has yet
produced and it saves the film from being a complete waste. But there
isn't the sense that the director cares knows or believes in the source
material or at least not enough to have been inspired by it. Nor does
he seem skilled enough to be able to take us on a fantastic ride. I
kept relaxing my grimace and telling myself now it is going to come
together and it would for a flicker have its's moments and then sadly
the film would rush on when it should have waited and hurried when it
should have sped up the pace. Where as Prisoner of Askaban enchanted
from the first notes of the score all the way through the clever ending
credit sequence, Goblet of Fire feels half cooked and rushed with
little in the way of something like dare I say magic. And those poor
kids must feel like the characters of the books always facing a new
director or is that defense against the dark arts teacher? Lets hope
they find someone better next time. That is if the franchise can
survive this clunker.
			
true harry potter fans will NOT like it!!i just came home from watching the movie and feel so indignant by the
whole thing tt i had to do this even though its 5.30am??!!the whole storyline has like completely changed.. certain details tt
were important, albeit tiny, were completely removed. and others which
were less significant were given too much emphasis.i'm sorry to be a spoiler and say this.. but how can they remove the
whole part on the quidditch world cup?? i believe harry potter fans,
like myself, would have greatly anticipated for this event.. and yet
there wasn't so much of a trace of it??!!besides, the new faces chosen to join in the movie did not fit the
descriptions in the book at all.overall, i'm completely disappointed. as someone who has had a great
time reading the books, i'm completely disgusted by the way the movie
turned out. if it had been so difficult to fit this much action into
one movie, it would have been better to just break it into two..true
fans would have preferred it this way and tt the movie stayed true to
the story..
			
I really miss director Chris Columbus. This version of the Harry Potter
books was a tremendous disappointment. The house elves, important to
the story, were left out of the movie altogether. The development of
the other Triwizard Champions was severely limited. While I cried over
the death of Cedric in the book, the movie version was hardly emotional
at all, since Cedric was portrayed as a minor character, and not
adequately explained. Same thing with Fleur and Viktor. They were both
very minor in this adaptation. We did not get to know them or care
about them, at all.The story, although admittedly dark, did not have to be almost totally
shot in the dark. It was hard to see, and rather annoying. Also, the
fate of Neville's parents was parenthetical, and easy to miss. And
where was Ludo Bagman, who was also an important part of this chapter?Thumbs way down on this one. I really hope Mike Newell was NOT selected
to direct subsequent Harry Potter films. He was a terrible choice for
this.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire helps to further Hollywood
stereotypes to promote Westernized images of heroes and villains. The
competitors from the other schools are all portrayed as having the
stereotypes of their ethnicities, while the Hogwarts competitors are
varied, deeper characters, and generally are just more of what we would
see as people than their shallow, continental counterparts.The fact that the heroes are all well-developed, relatable characters
shows that the movie is definitely a Western-made movie aimed at
Western audiences. Although the characters and actors are British, the
Hollywood production adds its own, distinctly-American overtones to the
movie, making it clear who the audience is supposed to root for whether
or not they've read the book.That shouldn't detract from the enjoyment of the movie, however.
American movies are made for American audiences, regardless of who's in
them, and if there ever was an American crowd-pleaser, it'd be Top Gun.
But The Goblet of Fire is fun for the whole American family too.
			
Now let's get one thing strait. I love the Harry Potter series. The
movies and the novels. Love 'em. Now, the the first movie's great, and
so is the second, third, fifth, and sixth are as well. But my job
tonight is to review the missing piece of the puzzle. "Harry Potter and
The Goblet of Fire." Now if you haven't been hidden in a trunk for 3
years, you would know that there's been a bit of a teenage phenomenon
with a certain vampire series, Twilight, starring a certain handsome
vampire that girls seem to be nuts about. This vampire as been named
Robert Pattinson and seemed to have landed a substantial acting career
out of the woods. I, for one, am not a huge fan of this series. So, let
me fill you in on a little secret about, "Harry Potter and The Goblet
of Fire", It IS Twilight. Twenty minutes into the movie I had this
claim, and then all of a sudden, who appears on camera that Hollywood's
favorite vampire.Also this movie confuses becoming more mature, with losing creativity.
Now, I haven't read the novel yet, but this movie is about as
predictable as the come. Someone's name will be picked from The Goblet
of Fire! I wonder who? The suspense is all to much! So, in a nutshell,
it was pretty bad. Yet, I haven't read the book, so why should I be
complaining when I could be frolicking in the fields or, jogging, or
taking pictures of various oak leaves! You know, I think I will. So
long, and off to the fields with me!
			
Having read the book I found it annoying to watch.First of all I
pictured moody to be a thin withered battered but none the less a
respectable character when I read the book but I found the movie
version of him insulting to the character. I understand that many
things must be left out in order for this film to be made without a 7
hour running time. But I couldn't stop noticing things that are
important to the story being left out. I am not a major harry potter
fan and I do see the good points about the film such as the brilliant
cg effects and good acting of some of the stars. One other character
that was portrayed wrongly was lord voldemort Who instead of frighting
looked rather ridiculous.He looked better in the first one. So overall
a good effort but I just didn't enjoy it.
			
This was definitely not an HP standard film. At least the others
followed the books somewhat closely. This was way off. For example, in
Order of the phoenix, Dumbledore says to Umbridge: "I cannot allow you
to manhandle my students, Dolores." Yet in this movie he is quite happy
to manhandle Harry himself. They completely changed the scene with the
dragon. Since when did Harry have a mad scrabble across the castle roof
trying to escape the Horntail? They ruined the maze as well. Hedges
that grow evil roots and smash together? Please. I wasn't too happy wit
the portrayal of Mad-Eye Mody, either. He didn't make me think of the
portrayal of Moody in the books. He wasn't battle scarred or missing
half a nose. And a metal shoe for a foot replacement? Where is the
famous clawed wooden foot I have come to recognize? Where are the
skrewts? Do we ever see Rita in her beetle form? There are so many
things wrong here I couldn't list them all on a twelve foot sheet of
paper, using the tiniest print possible.In short, this movie was definitely the worst of the HP films.
			
No mister no!I'm sorry,I'm not buying it!I believe none of the true
fans of Harry Potter series are buying it!If this is the Goblet of
Fire,I don't know what the fourth book is!I've never seen a worse
adaption in my life!It would be extremely difficult for someone who
didn't read the book to make any sense out of it.I'm really angry about
the way they're destroying the character of Sirius Black.He's barely
even there!The casting for Hermione is extremely unsuccessful,I thought
she supposed to have bushy hair! They couldn't explain anything in this
movie.We can't even understand Hogwarts is a school,because all they
care about is special effects and action scenes(including the extremely
ridiculous fight between Harry and the Horntail).Most of the
non-readers I spoke thinks Harry and Hermione are going to end up
together!None of them understood what Priori Incantatem is! Ludo Bagman
was not included!Most of the important scenes were cut out so they
could include some ridiculous things.You can do better! Although I'm
also a Lord of the Rings fan and never supported the fact it was being
filmed,I have to give credits for Jackson's adaption,which was almost
exactly the same with the book of masterpiece except some of the
included scenes that made me angry in the Two Towers.My point is,it can
be done!You don't have to change every scene in the book!!! The real
fans of HP!We should wait for the seventh book.
			
OK so I started reading the HP books after the 2nd movie was released.
And personally I think the first 2 were although not complete still
pretty accurate for a movie and keeping the feel of the characters. But
in my opinion everything went downhill when they changed directors
after the second movie and Richard Harris passed away. The *Magic* is truly gone from the 4th if not already on 3rd movie.
Most actors are pretty good but most characters are way to old for the
character playing them. And they didn't even tried to make them look
younger. Also school robes are apparently not enforced anymore cause
about 75% if not 100% of the time they're all wearing expensive brand
jeans,tight sweaters now. Major plot holes like how Crouch and Crouch
junior are related remains a mystery throughout the whole movie and
instead of in the book being on trial himself he's being snitched by
Karkaroff. The most illogical event followed , instead of staying calm
on his seat and throwing it on lies and no proof "cause there really
wasn't any at that time" like every sensible human-being would do he
suddenly starts to act like some deadly psycho killer with some very
weird "habits" before being hurled off. One thing also noticed is that
this movie is much more chaotic than the others because of the suddenly
scene changes leaving us all oblivious what the hell just happened and
because of Dumbledore... Cause simply, Micheal Gambon is actually the worst cast in the whole
movie. Instead of being sensible, calm and wise like Dumbledore "even
on the verge of his own death" he looks more like a drunk violent
stepfather that hasn't got a clue what's going on. Like in the books
illuminating calmth into others this guy tries to tackles Harry or how
you call it "mandhandling his own student "not to mention favorite
student" and shakes him all through the room yelling at him. How the hell can he ever confront Umbridge and threatening her that she
can't manhandle students on Hogwarts when she shakes Cho's best friend
and shouts at her. But the directors will probably alter it anyways so
you might be seeing some tag-team action in the 6th movie. Or just even
better just not include it all. Like they do with so many important
aspects of the story. His bad acting is probably the reason he has
shown he doesn't want to read the books and just...acts himself.I was honestly stunned how they completely leave out key-players for
the future movies and the most crucial moments. The Graphics are
getting better every movie but I almost regret I've seen 3 and 4. One
of the best things about HP was that the complete book was intertwined,
facts that weren't important from the older books come back later and
you can say "hey so that's why it was there"...
			
If you're a fan of the 'Goblet of fire book' don't bother with the film
- you'll be sorely disappointed. The only redeeming feature is the
realism of some of the effects (especially the dragons).The film seems to rush through the triwizard tournament and the
important Quidditch world cup (which is depicted and explained in over
110 pages of the book!) is exceptionally rushed - its almost like they
put it in as an afterthought! Also many important characters such as
Draco Malfoy, Winky the house elf, Barty Crouch and Barty Crouch Jr,
Cedric Diggory, Cho Chang, Viktor Krum, Rita Skeeter, Snape and many
more (i may go over my 1000 word limit if i keep going!) are either
non-existent or the full importance of their characters is not revealed
due to lack of screen time.Furthermore the depiction of Dumbledore in this film is awful (it was
far more on target in the previous films) - he shouts and barges into
the students - something not even indicated in the book and much of his
important explanational dialogues in the book (well, OK, nearly all of
it!)is missed out in the film - which will make the next film
exceptionally confusing especially if the viewer has not read the
books.I was also disappointed in the way the first scene (of harry's dream)
and the graveyard scene as they too were very rushed.In all the film was far too rushed - the original idea of making it two
parts would have been far better received and only then could the film
have been true to the book. Book fans will be sorely disappointed by
the film - 3/10.
			
An awful adaption of Rowlings stunning masterpiece. Everything is far
too unlike the book. I completely understand the crew's predicament.
Trying to condense a 400 page novel into a movie is a difficult task,
but they still could have made the movie a bit more like the book. Plot
holes are like unavoidable craters in this film. Certain aspects of the
film will only be understood by readers of the book's as they have
previous knowledge. Movie-goers won't have a clue what is going on. The
attempt to change Rowling's character's attributes crashed and burned
and book fans will be able to distinctively see subjects and objects
that are missing from the movie. I do though give credit to the crew
for the effects and direction of cast but really should have focused
more on the "true" detail of the movie through the book instead of
adding extra nit-bits which were not needed in the movie.
			
I loved the Harry Potter books, well, I still do, so I was hoping for
the movies to be good to. Well, I was wrong. The first 2 movies were
okay, they were short and they didn't have any real feel to them, but
they weren't really bad. The 3rd movie, oh man, I hated it. It WAS bad.
Flying dementors?!? The dementors are supposed to move like Mike Myers
in Halloween or something! But, as bad as the 3rd one was, it was
better than the 4th. The 3rd movie didn't have those really annoying
things like the 3rd one had (Flying dementors, Tom the Innkeeper being
a hunch-backed retard), but this movie just was bad. There wasn't
anything good about it. Don't wast your money watching this movie.
Heck, if you get to see it free, don't. You're better off spending your
time trying to cut your toenails into the exact shape you want them.
			
As a Harry Potter fan and reader, I was very,very disappointed this was
far most the worst movie of the films(so far) and I want to bring it to
your attention.First, I would like to tell you it skipped VERY important parts in the
movie.Second, I noticed it was far more about the tournament than the actual
story behind it.Third, Voldemort looked like a burned patient..I was SOOO MAD! If an
Ailen and a Burned patient had a child, it would be Voldemort..I saw much more flaws in this movie but these are the ones that I can
REALLY complain about.
			
I can't fault the devotion of the cast on this movie, but I should have
waited for the DVD to go half price in the Walmart bin. The movie tried
a LOTR move by cutting out everything but the main "Harry" moments. I
could deal with that, but in the end where Harry asks about the wands,
Dumbledore just says "Well, those things happen." No explanation,
nothing. At least in the first movies there was a point where the
audience could figure out what happened. This movie is clueless and
pointless, leaving more questions than answers. I was shocked that the
script even included the mention of the Longbottoms' demise so folks
could understand a little of Neville's reaction in the Dark Arts class.It was a long book. The movie seemed to hire an amateur butcher to cut
the film so it would fit in a certain run time. Next time, bring a bit
more Rita Skeeter and the grand chewing out of Fudge (To set up for the
next movie at least!).I gave it a 3 out of 10. If I keep going, I'll be forced to lower it
even more. The effects were good and I liked giving Neville more to
do...but that's about it.
			
Having been an avid Harry Potter reader since I first picked up the
books, I have to say that this movie was a disappointment. I realize
that the movies are rarely accurate in comparison to the books, but my
comments are less about accuracy and more about content and
consistency. I'm not familiar with the director, but I found that the
constant jumps from scene to scene were difficult to follow, and the
characters were not as fully developed as in previous pictures. This
director seems to have focused almost entirely on special effects; and
while the effects where dazzling, they weren't enough to carry the
story. I was also disappointed that once again the managers of the film
chose to follow the "time rule" that is commonly used in the film
industry today. The "time rule" allows for films to be no shorter than
60 minutes, and no longer than 3 hours. In the past, films have been
allowed more time (Gone With the Wind was 3hrs. 42min.; Schindler's
List was 3hrs. 15min.). Given the fact that the book was twice the
(until then) usual length, the movie should have been allowed more time
to flesh out the story and characters. I currently wait anxiously for
the final book in the series, and only cautiously for the next film.
			
OK i understand that they have to cut bits out, but to leave so many
needed characters out of the film is not good. what happened to dobby,
winky and mr bagman argh! my brain hurts from stressing so much over
it. yes it was a good film if you haven't read the book it does not do
the book justice. what about the end when harry is suppose to be
attacked by a giant spider and thats why hey can't run away from
voldmort Dur. and dobby gives harry the gillyweed. oh dear so many mess
ups i just hope they can at least keep the ending of the next film to
the correct ending I'm so disappointed they were doing so well until
this one. i would of stayed for an extra 3 hours to watch it if i had
but as long as it was excellent.
			
I was disappointed from Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. I doubt
that even if I have not read the book in advance I would like it. It
doesn't offer anything new  and I have to say that I was bored till
its end. The length of the movie is more than enough to allow more
detailed representations of the events in the book.Only the effects were good  I liked the way the dragons were made and
the chase scene was well made. Still if you are one of the Harry Potter
fans like me you may enjoy seeing yet another representation of the
book. My opinion is that the previous parts were much better filmed.The overall atmosphere was dark  with less scenes exterior scenes. In
addition the acting of many of the actors were not enough persuasive.
Especially of the Victor Crum.
			
As much as I love the books, I hafta say that the movies kinda rot.
They didn't insist upon John Williams for the 4th score, they've
changed directors how many times, and they used different filming
techniques. There is little continuity, though the sets of the 3rd and
4th are closer in similarity than from the first two... I realize it's
a 733 page book, but they should have at least ensured that viewers
would understand the plot without having read the book first. The
climax was rushed, the tension not nearly as steep as the original
work. They didn't supply reasons as to why certain events happened.
Mff, okay that's all I have to say.
			
Being an adult Potter fan, I waited to write this review until I saw
the movie a couple of times to get a good feel for it. Why a couple
when I gave it such a low rating? Because I was very disappointed with
the movie the first time I saw it.Entertainment Weekly hit the nail on the head when they said the movie
felt like individual LEGO bricks dropped into places on the screen.
There were many scenes in the movie that could have been dropped with
how little time they got, and there was too much humor in this movie
and not enough story. First the good points: 1. Relationships are developed - We begin to see the clear lines drawn
between friends and enemies.2. A realistic Dumbledore - There is a reason why Voldemort fears
Dumbledore. He's not supposed to be calm and cool all the time. I liked
the general concern for Harry and how Michael Gambon portrayed it.3. The Yule Ball scene - This was the closest scene that was true to
the book.4. Creating Ron - Rupert Grint does a wonderful job with developing his
character. He doesn't give the same stupid look all the time anymore. I
found his character less annoying in this movie.5. "He was their friend!" - Dan Radcliffe has definitely improved his
emotional acting in this film. He was actually crying this time.6. Hermione Power - Hermione's entrance into the ball was the best
scene in the bunch. She looked so lovely coming down the stairs and the
way Harry looked at her made your heart melt. This scene was well
directed and I give credit to Newell, but this type of directing is
what he needs to stick to.Now for the not so great stuff: 1. Castle Layout - DON'T have your students coming down the same
stairwell for defense against the dark arts that you used in the
previous movie for divination. It's just not right.2. Portkey Problems - If it wasn't for the importance of the portkey,
the Quittich World Cup scene, for the amount of time it got, should
have been cut.3. Snape, the Death Eater - Instead of showing us two little bits of
Karkaroff to make us believe that he was the one that entered Harry
into the Goblet (which didn't fool anyone by the way), the book scene
in which Mad-eye Moody and Snape on the stairwell talking about Snape's
death eater days would have been more appropriate, as Snape is a large
part in future books.4. Bouncing Ferret - This scene could have been done better with CGI.
It was dull and not as exciting as in the book.5. Dance Lessons - Although funny, this scene was unnecessary and
should have been left out for more important subjects.6. Barty Crouch Jr's dream? - When Harry was having his vision at the
beginning of the movie this was the WORST stray from the book that I
have ever seen. Barty Crouch was CERTAINLY NOT in the vision in the
book. This was a grave mistake.7. Veela or Nice Body - To make Ron, and everyone around him, stumble
over themselves because Fleur has a nice tush just doesn't seem right.
It should have been explained that she was half Veela.This is only a small amount of the major problems that I have seen so
far. The most interesting fact that I would like to point out is that
we have not heard a single review on what J.K. Rowling thought of the
movie. With the other 3, she went to the premiers and gave a review on
how she liked them straight away, but there has not been so much as a
peep about this one, and she did not attend any of the premiers.Also, on that subject, I don't think that they had a very good
consultant on this movie as they did the others. There was a mistake,
that WB had to fix with CGI, with the Riddle gravestone in the
cemetery. They had the dates of death wrong. That leads me to believe
that they didn't put a lot into research for this movie.I like this movie in that it is a Potter movie, but they are going to
have to make the DVD spectacular for me to buy it.
			
I have read all of the books of Harry Potter, but this is the first
movie I have seen. Quite frankly, it was a major let down.To many story elements were either changed or completely left out. I do
understand they had to chop up a big book for a movie, but they could
have made it a little longer, the story just kinda rushed through and
just made sure it got the "main" story. No other connections to
anything else. No other character development besides the main few.Also,the characters were not convincing at all. (Voldemort wasn't scary
the least bit with his stupid accent and his baby blue eyes (could have
sworn they were red); Dumbledore wasn't convayed as being very caring
as he is in the books...or maybe it was just the actor) If they can't get more of the story in it than that... then why try to
make a movie. Unless of course for just a quick buck? Put Harry Potter
in the title...
			
I love Harry Potter. I have all the movies, read the books like a
million times and know the plots inside and out. I understand that this
fourth book is incredibly long, so portions of the movie had to be cut.
Out of all the movies thus far, I have to say this is the worst of them
I have seen. The movie was accurate in terms of the basic plot which is
fine. One thing left out of the movie that has been consistent in all
the books and previous movies is the magic and sparkle of the time at
Hogwarts. There are times in the book where times are happy and Harry's
world comes to life. There are times in the book that shows how great
Hogwarts is compared to the life he has at home. none of which was
shown in the movie. The movie is dark and lost a lot of the imaginative
touch that was put in the book. THe movie is no longer appropriate for
children, but has moved to the teenager and adult audiences.
			
the plot lines that have been dropped for sakes of visual effects are
so many, that this film becomes a mere suggestion of what is described
in the book. I would call it "the sketch or outline for those who
didn't read Goblet of Fire". That's what happens when one tries to
squeeze the book of 734 pages into one 2,5 hour film. I think they
REALLY could use the experience of Kill Bill and make it in two parts.
Hope they will not make the same mistake with the Order of Phoenix.oh, and by the way, Fleur is soooooo plain! I mean just a totally
regular girl, whereas she is supposed to be a stunning beauty. The
death of Cedrick is shown in a very casual way.
			
GOF, like the last 2 films in particular, has left me feeling
disappointed and extremely annoyed. The directors and screen writers
are moving further and further away from the books. They feel they must
create Hollywood-style blockbusters - high on spectacle and special
effects but low on plot and characters.Harry's first task involved him being chased by a dragon around
Scotland demolishing castles in the process. This was almost as
ludicrous as the flying car and train sequence in Chamber of Secrets
(or the incredibly tacky ending when Hagrid returned to the school).OK, I know some settings were very pretty - the Yule Ball and
Underwater 2nd Task particularly so. However it is paramount that the
audience had thoroughly read the book - otherwise many parts of the
film would be absolutely meaningless.From start to finish the film appeared to be a race against time with
subplots and characters disappearing by the score. The Quidditch World
Cup was a non-event (Who won? Who cared!). Barty Crouch Junior suddenly appeared in what looked like a battlefield
and apparently had devastated everything himself. Did Harry actually tell Dumbledore that he had just found Barty Crouch
Senior hurt/maimed/dead in the forest or did Dumbledore just rush out
the office on the off-chance? I am not naive enough to believe that every line from the book must be
preserved. But the concept of "I am the the director and know better
than the author" has gone way beyond the acceptable here. Little of
JKR's wording has been retained. Worse still the characterisations have
been drastically altered.Dumbledore is no longer the solidly dependable guardian figure who
believes in Harry and Harry's destiny. The wonderful character of Rita
Skeeter could have been omitted from this film for all the effect she
had. The goofs and omissions surrounding Sirius Black were appalling.
None of Voldemort's Deatheaters seemed interested in his resurrection -
let alone being scared to death. Where was the snivelling Wormtail at
the rebirth of Voldemort? The Peter Pettegrew in the film could have
passed for a TV chef.The humour of all eccentric characters has been eliminated and their
appearance in the film serves just to provide cheap laughs.Book 4 is the pivotal book of the series. Its central characters are
now young adults full of teenage angst. Evil has been let loose upon
the Magical World which stands at the brink of catastrophe. Little of
this comes across in this film. This movie ended with Hermione telling
the boys to write to her over the summer????I know that we shall soon hear that this is the nth highest grossing
movies of all time and everyone associated with will be nominated for
Oscars. There is such affection for JKR's books that this is inevitable
- no matter how bad the movieThe HP films are just travesties of what they could have been. It is a
crying shame that Peter Jackson didn't tackle this project
			
This movie really disappointed me. I've never been a Harry Potter fan,
but I liked the last movie, so I expected this one to be as good or
even better from what I'd heard. But it wasn't at all. Heaps of scenes
made no sense at all, lots of things were never explained, and I got
the feeling the film was only for those who have read the book already.
And the plot of the movie was downright stupid. Why would the school
have a competition where it was really likely that some of the students
would die, just for the entertainment of it? And nobody thought it was
a bit strange to almost sacrifice the lives of the competitors friends,
also just for some entertainment? Stupid movie, with a stupid story,
and lots of loose ends..Some good special effects though..
			
This was a horrible movie. Okay, I will understand if you have never
read the books before you might find these to be wonderful, but as a
big reader of the Harry Potter books, so many things were missing or
wrong. First off, Dumbledore was the worst acting job i've ever seen. I
understand the one who played him before died and you cant really
control that, however, this Dumbledore couldn't have been farther from
what he should be. He seemed frantic and not at all calm or wise like
he should be. When Harry's name came out of the Goblet he seemed scary
and not at all someone Harry could depend upon. Also, the maze was
horrible, there was never any moving trees, instead things that they
had to battle, like a sphinx or a Bogart. Barty Crouch was never in
Harry's dream in the beginning nor did Hermione wake him up from it,
she never knew about his dream. Then, when Sirius visited Harry by floo
powder, i think it was a horrible representation of how that worked, it
was supposed to be his whole head coming through, not just his face in
a long. Obviously they can't include everything, but it was definitely
the worst of the four. If you have never read the books, you must have
been completely lost. The movie was like 20 second clips of like little
things in the book, very little explanation to anything.
			
I was unfortunately disappointed by this film installment. I really
enjoyed The Prisoner of Azkaban, and felt it really worked for people
who did and did not read the book. It felt whole and coherent, though
obviously a lot of stuff had to get dropped in order for that to work.In the case of Goblet of Fire I hadn't read this one, so for much of
the film was pretty lost as to what was going on. It felt very
disjointed - scenes started and ended abruptly, and weren't allowed to
play out their natural rhythms. It felt more like a very long preview
than a complete movie, constantly rushing on to the next thing. Many
older characters barely got a word in while new ones were brought in
without any kind of introduction or context, they just showed up and
started saying lines.The whole Quidditch World Cup was a real let down - you saw the lead
up, and then the celebrations afterward. What happened to the most
interesting part?The special effects were generally very well done, though visually I
didn't find it as imaginative as Prisoner, though it inherits much of
its dark style.
			
If you are a fan of the Harry Potter Books and especially the Goblet of
Fire you will be disappointed by the the theatrical release of the
Goblet of Fire. So many parts of the book were left out that needed to
be there.In the Beginning they skip from the end of the riddle house scene where
Frank Bryce is Killed by Voldemort and Wormtail to when Harry and Ron
Wake up just before leaving to go to the Quidditch World Cup. Also in
the Riddle House Scene Barty Crouch Jr. was with Voldemort and Wormtail
when in the book he was not there. In the Scene where the Weasley and
Diggory families meet to walk to their Portkey Bill, Percy, Charlie,
and Mrs. Weasley are nowhere to be found and they are not in the movie
at all.At the Quidditch World cup Winky the House elf of Mr. Crouch did not
appear at all. They don't even show the quidditch match at all and they
just introduce the teams and then a minute later the weasleys, Harry,
and Hermione were in their tent. In the scene where the death eaters
start setting the tents on fire that was OK. One of my friends and I
both liked how the portrayal of the death eaters reminded us of the KKK
(Klu Klux Clan) and that made it a bit comical showing their mockery.
And when Harry sees Barty Crouch Jr. produce the dark mark that was
well done with some good special effects.From there on they skip a chapter or two and the kids are back on the
Hogwarts express. In School many parts from the book were there. Collin
and Dennis Creevy were both omitted from the movie. The Part where Mad
Eye Moody Tortures the spider in class was done well.Each of the tasks except for the third task were done how I pictured
them from the book. In the third task there were no creatures like the
book mentioned inside the maze. I believe they were missing the sphinx
and Bogart and other things that I forgot. They did show some nice
aerial views to show you how large the maze was and I liked when they
showed Viktor Krum being controlled by the imperious curse.For the second task Dobby never gave Harry the gillyweed like in the
book. Instead the morning of the task Neville Longbottom gave it to
him.In the Graveyard when Voldemort was Resurrected there were many
mistakes. When Voldemort was resurrected he was supposed to tell his
story about the last thirteen years since he lost his powers. He was
also supposed to mention about how he discovered about the quidditch
world cup and cast a memory charm on Bertha Jorkins. Also he never
mentioned the death eaters that weren't in the graveyard because they
were in Azkaban, were going undercover for him, and abandoned him.
Finally when Voldemort and Harry Duel the connection between their
wands was only brief while I remember it being longer.When Moody takes Harry back inside the Castle and Dumbledore and the
others discover them things went wrong. They never interrogated him
nearly as much as in the book. All they did is realize that he was
Barty Crouch Jr. disguised as Mad Eye Moody Using a polyjuice potion he
constantly drank in his flask. Then they sent him back to Azkaban. No
story about his escape or nothing about Barty Crouch Jr. and Barty
Crouch Senior's relationship with each other.There was no argument after the third task with Cornelius Fudge about
whether or not Voldemort had returned.There was no scenes at all where Harry and the school go to Hogsmeage
Village. Harry only talks to Sirius once through the fire in the
Gryffindor common room and that is all for Sirius in the Movie.They never showed Fleur De La Cleur say goodbye to Harry like in the
book. They Showed the students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang leave
but they never showed the Hogwarts Express head back to London.They never had as many stories in the Daily Prophet humiliating Harry
and his friends as I thought. They never told about how Hagrid is only
half giant and criticized Dumbledore. Hermione never exposed Rita
Skeeter that she was an illegal Animagus to Harry and Ron like in the
book.Hermione never tried to help the house elves in Hogwarts like she did
in the book.This is just what I remember offhand after seeing the movie yesterday.
If There was more omitted from the movie then be my guest and add it as
a summary to the movie.
			
First of all, i'd like to say i'm a great fan of the Harry Potter book
saga, I love the story, the characters, the hand wright, everything.But most of everything I love the way this books come alive through
your imagination, and a movie about all the things you have imagined
and dreamed about, ends up to disappoint you.Don't misunderstand me, it's a good kids movie, but certain things just
do not wash over me. I can't let go when some happenings in the real
story are changed, manipulated, or even left out to make some space for
facts that in the books never actually happened.I know that, when you make a movie out of a book, it is difficult to be
100% faithful, and that some things have to be left out, but not
modified, that's not the way things should work. This is not Harry
Potter, it's basically the same plot, but many of the main facts are
left out or modified.Another enjoyable movie if you like special effects and kid-like humor,
another bad movie if you are a fan of the book series.
			
I was a bit surprised to see the number of comments proclaiming this
movie to be the best in the series. I suppose there is a little bit of
that after each one comes out. I felt that this was the most poorly
directed and least enjoyable out of the 4 movies. The third one was by
far the best imo. Perhaps the task of fitting the contents of the book
into GOF proved to be too daunting, as it felt like much was missing.
What was there from the book felt both distorted and lacking of any
continuity. The sequence of events, while ordered, felt very broken
throughout the movie. It feels like scenes are being rushed through,
and then I am thrown into a new one, with little to no transition.
While the acting was on par with the previous movies in the series, the
portrayals were far off for some of the characters. I am specifically
referring to Michael Gambon's depiction of Dumbledore, which was
absolutely horrific. Dumbledore lacked the calm and kind demeanor
displayed in the book. Rather this Dumbledore seems to border on angry,
mean, and frantic. Madeye Moody and Lord Voldemort also suffered in
this movie, displaying personalities vastly different from the book.
Come to think of it, McGonagall and Snape were also very off. Snape
didn't come off as a hateful teacher, just rather strict. McGonagall on
the other hand lacked the sternness she has displayed in the books and
previous movies. Mind you my complaints aren't based on the movie not being a picture
perfect interpretation of the book, but rather the feeling the movie
distorted main characters and the feeling that everything in the movie
is rushed.
			
Spoilers Herein.I'm somewhat sad to report that The Goblet of Fire is as of yet the
sloppiest, most awkward and least heartfelt entry into the Harry Potter
series. While it does contain a few gold moments and a spectacularly
dark climax, the majority of the film is a collection of proverbial
sore thumbs, and it pales in comparison to both Chris Columbus's
decent, kid-oriented entries and Alfonso Cuaron's marvelous Prizoner of
Azkaban.I believe the movie's failings are because of two reasons - first, that
director Mike Newell (Four Weddings and a Funeral) doesn't really
understand the story, and is probably pretty shaky on the entire Harry
Potter universe. This is probably why the film seems so unsure of
itself. Everything in the film dealing with the Yule Ball is
practically a movie-within-a-movie on how to shoot bad scenes. Don't
get me wrong - I'm not opposed to romance in the Potter universe. There
were moments in Azkaban where we'd see little hints of a romantic
subtext in the way that Harry would accidentally touch Hermione's hand
and what-have-you, and they were handled expertly with subtlety and
skill by Cuaron. Newell instead opted to beat the audience over the
head with obnoxious teen movie clichs, and even managed to bring his
own lackluster efforts screeching to a halt and loudly bringing us
right out of the movie by sticking a glam rock band right in the middle
of it all.Many of the actors seem equally unsure of themselves, which is a
typical result of a franchise film by a director who doesn't really
"get it." The worst of all is Michael Gambon as Albus Dumbledore, who
took over from the brilliant Richard Harris in the last couple of
films. While Harris did a fine job of conveying a sense of wisdom, and
the ability to reduce the Great Hall to silence while speaking barely
in a whisper, there was also a sense that the guy was just too damn
old, and it was nice in Azkaban to see a Dumbledore with a bit more of
a twinkle in his eye. Here, unfortunately, the twinkle is nowhere to be
seen, and in its place we have a hyperactive Dumbledore who yells at
the top of his lungs and bodyslams Harry against the wall. He looks
like he could unscrew your head and poop down your neck, but he isn't
very believable as a grandfatherly, wise old wizard.In fairness to Newell, though, I don't think that all of the movie's
faults were entirely down to him; many of them are to do with J.K.
Rowling's original book. Azkaban was by far the best film because it
was also the best book out of the ones I read, and it was handled by a
director who understood the universe, and was skilled at making both
intelligent children's films (such as the highly underrated A Little
Princess) as well as more adult fare. I know a lot of Potterites
complained about how much of the story he left out, but such is always
a dilemma with filmmakers adapting popular books - they have to deal
with trying to fit ten pounds of poop into a five-pound bag. Azkaban
omitted some details and sub-plots but remained a remarkable film,
because, among other reasons, the book was remarkable too. The Goblet
of Fire was not so remarkable. In fact, the only thing I remember about
that book was that it was even longer than the previous three put
together, and the next two that I didn't read were even longer. After
all the deeply personal trials faced by Harry in Azkaban, a plot
revolving around some wizard Olympics-type contest feels pretty
uninteresting in contrast.There are a few nuggets of gold in this picture. Brendan Gleeson is
terrific as "Mad-Eye" Moody, the new Defense Against the Dark Arts
teacher, which, if you have been following the series, is the teaching
position which always ends up being filled by someone who is a little
weird. Out of all the child actors, Emma Watson gives the best
performance as Hermione, showing a great deal of emotion and character
development since her Chris Columbus days, whereas Radcliffe and Grint
appear to be having second thoughts about signing on to make these
movies for the rest of their youthhoods. Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith
and Alan Rickman do wonderfully as always, and Ralph Fiennes has a
brilliantly evil turn as You-Know-Who, whose scene toward the very end
is one of the darkest in the whole series. Harry's encounter with the
dragon is also quite a nice CGI set-piece. However, as I said before,
these are small bits of gold in an otherwise very awkward and
lackluster film, a cake which could have baked a lot longer in the plot
and characterization oven before pulling it out icing it with CGI
gimmicks.
			
Have to admit I am not a huge Harry Potter fan but I do enjoy SFX
movies when they are well done. I have only read the first book and it
left me with no desire to read another. All that said, I kind of
enjoyed the first few movies but it has taken me a long time to get
around to this one. The effects were terrific for the most part,but the
way the film was put together was less than appealing. It seemed to be
an endless parade of scenes which had little relevance to the scene
that went before and certainly did not drive the story forward. It was
very boring and tedious, made worse by Emma Watson's amateurish
performance, breathlessly declaiming almost every line - could Mike
Newell get nothing better out of her? Daniel Radcliffe was very good in
it -I still think he was a great choice for Harry as he has to carry
the movies -if he did not work, neither would the films. Rupert Grint
was treading water, both in his performance and script-wise. There was
not much for him to do. Brendan Gleeson was a great addition to the
cast. On a more positive note I was suddenly hooked by the final half
hour. The graveyard scene, when Ralph Fiennes finally entered the
action, was superb. For a film of this length to only come to life in
the final scenes was unforgivable. I hope the remaining films are
better than this one.
			
After flirting briefly with passable film-making with the third movie
in the series, they've taken a big step backwards this time. It's not
nearly as bad as 1 or 2, mind you, but it sure ain't good.With three different directors having taken the reins, it would be easy
to lay the blame on the director. But he certainly can't be the only
one responsible here. No, it takes the combined effort of a whole lot
of people to make so many things about a movie suck. First and foremost: the story. I've never been a Potter fan, that's no
secret, even though I thought the third film was alright. The story
here is just as lame and simplistic as the last few, and the horrible
writing of both Rowling and the screenplay adapter create such an
awful, pathetic plot that I found myself laughing AT the movie and
shaking my head in amazement that so many people love this crap. What
the hell were those choreograohed entrances of the different schools'
students?!? The bath scene (with another badly acted and stupid
character - that dead girl)? A Dance? Blatant exposition when Voldemort
decided to explain what happened years ago? And again, as in the first
films, the headmasters arbitrarily rewarding Harry with extra points or
consideration just because he's our hero. And don't even get me started
on the painfully horrible dialogue. The acting is just as melodramatic
and bad, and the character designs are getting more laughable. "Mad Eye
Moody" (a complete waste of Brendan Gleeson's talent), has this eye
that is the stupidest looking thing I've ever seen in my entire
movie-going life. It looks like someone's bad homemade Halloween
costume. Simply idiotic. Lastly, the special effects were really not
done very well. much of it looks somewhat obviously fake, and even when
it is well done, it's often not integrated very well with the live
action elements and that makes it look lame.Of course, much of this would be completely forgivable and
understandable if it was truly a film made for kids. Kids don't care
about bad acting or bad effects or silly dialogue. But with a series
like this, which tries to boast that it's a film for all ages, backed
up by the PG-13 rating on this one, it sure comes off extremely
juvenile to me. I just don't get it. It's just like the books - If the
kids love it, fine. But the fact that adults praise these films and
love them? I just don't understand. I guess I never will.
			
First off, I will admit I have not read the book. If I had, I'm afraid
this film would probably have gotten even lower than the 3 stars which
I (grudgingly) grant it.My overall impression of the film was that it had a very "rushed" feel
to it- like the filmmakers were trying to pop it out for a holiday
deadline instead of taking the time to carefully craft a film instead
of slamming it together with a mallet and glue...Truth be told, GoF had the same feel as the last horrible Star Wars
film in that it rested on a lot of CGI and hoped that the wobbly
acting, unbelievably clunky script and muddy time-flow would be covered
up by the SFX. OK, Radcliffe and the others are growing up IRL as well
as in the films, but there was just something wonky about the whole
thing. Everyone's acting was just a bit plastic. They all lacked the
sparkle that made the first 2 Potter films so fun to watch. Also, like
I mentioned a moment ago, the time flow was stilted and confusing-I
guess that's what happens when even an experienced screenwriter tries
to cram the contents of a 700 page book into a film even if that film
is over 150 minutes long.Casting was *almost* OK, but Michael Gambon as the New Dumbledore was
awful. He had NONE of the charm and wisdom that Richard Harris gave the
character; he struck me as a half-senile wino trying to dry out. He was
my least favorite part of GoF.Frankly, I can't put blame on a single person for why this film wasn't
as good as it could have been. I'm not sure if it was Newell's
direction, the editing or the screenplay-probably all three. I did miss
the deft direction of Chris Columbus. I was also going to say the
filmmakers should have used the same screenwriter as they did on the
first HP until I went back and checked; they DID use the same guy!
Well, the book was pretty darn long-so was the movie, for that matter
but it all came out as more of a mediocre, clunky SFX loaded demo reel
with familiar faces in it than it did a powerful, character-driven film
like the first two HP efforts were. Hardcore fans of the first 2 films (as I actually am) will probably
agree: not the worst, but certainly not the best. Hardcore fans of the
book (from what I've heard) will probably be quite disappointed. Let's hope ORDER will be better and let's hope Chris Colombus makes a
return to the HP world.All in all, GoF didn't suck, but it could have been a lot better.PS: I clicked the "spoiler" box just in case I went too far, but I
don't think I did.
			
How any reviewer can claim this to be the best Potter film yet utterly
astounds me.Newell's direction is phoned in. Bland camera-work and poor
performances from precocious theatre school cherubs is propped up on a
decidedly dodgy crutch of huge CGI establishing shots and yet another
promise of "more to come". Yet this is the fourth film and we're STILL
waiting.Best thing about the picture is Brendan Gleeson. Fiennes is OK, but
thinks he's playing a villain in the 1980 Flash Gordon film.Oldman, Rickman, Coltrane - wasted. And Michael Gambon is a poor
substitute for Richard Harris.Bring back Alfonso (Azkeban's director). There was a man that instilled
J.K. Rowling's lukewarm story with style, energy, originality and
menace.Each subsequent installment in this appalling franchise sniffs more and
more of "film making by committee" -- and boy, it shows.
			
This movie is extremely fast-paced and if you haven't read the book,
odds are, you'll be confused out of your mind. If you have read the
book, you'll be disappointed beyond belief not only because how much is
left out, but what the movie's main focus is on: comedy and romance.
The most built up scene in the entire movie is the Yule Ball sadly. The
acting is far too over-dramatic and it does not have the same "feel" of
Harry Potter as the other movies had. The plot and main storyline of
the story is left to be in the background as unnecessary comedy, drama,
and romance scenes are added in and extended whereas parts such as the
Quidditch World Cup, Ludo Bagman, the Dursleys, several classes, and
House Elves (just being a few) are left out entirely. I haven't looked
through too many comments on this movie though I don't doubt that there
are a few people on here commenting about how much the movie had ruined
the book. That is to say the least, but the movie needs to be looked at
as a movie itself and though it is packed with action and humor, it's
main mysterious and dark plot line are thrown to the side for special
effects and drama. I found this movie very disappointing because when I
was watching the previews I finally had a feeling that they had finally
got an HP movie right, but only found it to be the worst of all. My
personal favorites in order: 1,3,2,4. That's only the movies of course.
Hope you found this review helpful, please don't waste your money!
			
I was extremely surprised at how well-liked this movie is amongst IMDb
users - who are some of the harshest critics I know.I thought this movie was appalling. Not because of the acting, all cast
members did wonderfully - particularly Daniel Radcliffe as Potter, Emma
Watson as Hermione, Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort and Robert Pattinson as
Diggory. The special effects were a huge improvement on the sadly
pathetic dementors of the third movie, and although there were some
minor issues I had with appearances - Ron's hair was ... not well
received, neither was Moody's eye, and for me, Michael Gambon cannot do
Dumbledore well because Richard Harris did such an OUTSTANDING job, but
he gets points for effort.My issue with the film was the lack of detail. Rita Skeeter and the
trouble she causes was completely ommitted, except for one scene, vital
clues about Longbottom's family aren't connected, and where the hell
was Dobby? And Winky? And important stuff about Crouch? I understood
the movie only because I had read the book, my friend who had not read
it (and yes, not everybody slogs through Harry Potter) did not
understand Crouch well. The subplots - of which there were many - were
focused on quickly - snapshots of each subplot, which is, frankly, not
good enough. The directors and screenplay writers NEED to decide what
they are ommitting, and what they are keeping, and not show the
audience pieces of everything. Yes, the fourth book was a big book, but
the fifth was bigger. The fifth movie will now have to recap the fourth
in addition to its huge plots and subplots.The actors did marvellously, and I commend them on a good performance
despite a terrible screenplay.
			
The first two Harry Potter films were and are ENCHANTINGLY MAGICAL!
Although a little rough on the special effects, they greatly improve
from the first the the second films. The third movie, Pisoner of
Azkaban, was a much darker film, and lost some of the luster and magic.
It even had some evil connotations that were not in the book and should
not have been in the movie, shrunken heads, spinal-column candle
sticks!!!......Not what I would have expected from Hogwarts.....The
extremely poor recasting of the HeadMaster Dumbledore further dragged
the movie down (even given that Richard Harris is a hard act to
follow)....... Even so the third movie worked and was enjoyable to
watch.Now with the 4Th installment of the series, Goblet of Fire, all the
essence and Magic of the stories and especially the book is gone. The
total mangling of Dumbledore's character to the exact opposite of the
book, just made things worse. Gone is the wise and powerful Wizard of
the books, leaving a bumbling old fool, very poorly done and greatly
dragged the story down. Also gone are some of the most important
characters and story lines that are essential not only to the storyline
but also lead into the fifth, book Order of the Phoenix.There is no Dabby, winky, or Weasley's Wizardly Weezes. True the 4th
book is much longer, and to fit it all in a 2-1/2 hour movie something
has to go. The problems is the movie, in places, dwells on meaningless
things and leaves out some of the most important to the story and are
tags into the 5th book.In the Tournament Harry is made out to be much less a hero than in the
book, he is somehow made to seem much less capable than he is.The acting from the young actors was very wooden and often lacked
emotion. This I noticed right off. I was most disappointed by Emma
Watson who nailed it in Azkaban, by giving a very rich, emotional,
performance. But here she seemed almost like she really didn't want to
be in the movie or something. This made me sad, for I am a big fan of
Emma's, and think that in a few years, she will become an absolutely
stunning leading lady. Overall I got the feeling the young actors where
trying to hard to act grown up or something, maybe it is just teen
angst. Mad eye Moody was way over the top.The film is visually stunning, with an awesome sound track, and that is
its only good points. It was almost as if all the effort in this film
went into the effect and sound track, and the story line and acting
were after thoughts........THE MAGIC WAS GONE! If I were to rate the
four films "Sorcers Stone" - A; "Chamber or Secrets"- A+; "Pisoner of
Askaban" - B+ and "Goblet of Fire" = C- or even D. I wonder why the
films after peaking with Chamber of Secrets have been slowly going down
hill. I have two theories on this. Grossly incompetent interference by
studio exec's or Grossly incompetent Directing. Then I looked at who
directed the four films so far and the reason became clearer. Chris
Columbus directed that first two and thus the MAGICAL quality and feel
to the films, Alfonso Cuarn directed the third thus the slight loss of
Magical feel to the film, but still a good flick. Mike Newell direct
this film (4th) which was out of his depth thus the poor quality and
loss of Magical feel to the film. Don't get me wrong Newell is a great
director and has done many great works, he simple just does not have
the feel for directing Harry Potter.I hope Columbus does the next or I fear the next film will be even
worse, and please get a better Dumbledore, as strange as it seems Sean
Connery or Rodger Moore come to mind......Ah maybe not......But then
again anyone would be better.........P.S. To IMDb please quit trying to download SPY-WARE onto peoples
computers!!!
			
Are you kidding me???? I liked when Alfonso and Chris directed this
series, but Mike took the script and used it as toilet paper. Although
the beginning was SOMEWHAT interesting, if he directs this series
AGAIN, I will never see another Potter film again... Harry is once
again at Hogwarts, as if you've never heard that one. Harry spends his
days screwing around, while Ron and Hermione feud. (what a good friend
he is; he cares so much about his friends that he don't give a crap!)
Harry saves the day, as if only the put-on-a-pedastal hero could. They
put so much emphasis on Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) and Voldemort, Emma
Watson and Rupert Grint are just Robin, Bat-man's sidekick. They
should've really given Ron and Little Miss Know-It-All some spotlight,
like in 1-3. Save your money and order it on-demand. (I don't think
that you should waste $9.95... No offense, I'm an avid Harry Potter
fan, and I absolutely LOVE Daniel, Emma (cutie!!!!!), and Rupert, but I
hate Mike's work on this series and I am going to begin a protest to
get him out of the director's chair, and into McDonald's at 5.00 an
hour..
			
While the Goblet of Fire book is over 700 pages, and we can't expect
everything to be covered int he movie as it is laid out in the book, I
still found the movie to be lacking. The movie pulled in only the main
story line, and left out all the small details, mysteries, clues, and
puzzles that makes Harry Potter so fun and interesting.I think that the movie suffers greatly from this simplification. While
the 3rd movie did not cover the book exactly as it was written, it
still gave the characters and setting a depth that made them seem like
real people. The characters in this movie acted more like caricatures,
using small "familiar" (such as the way Ron's twin brothers are
manufactured to be a duel-voiced automaton of pranks who happen to be
around all the time), details to make us recognize them from the books,
rather than creating an in-depth human being. In addition, the school
and the school setting felt much more superficial. The school settings
was constantly cold, dark, and foreboding, a weak attempt to set the
theme of the storyline, without having to truly go into depth as to
what is happening in this time.I think this movie failed to capture the intensity that makes Harry
Potter as drawing and addictive as it is, and instead of feeding into
the Harry Potter 'world' this more left us merely, vaguely entertained.
			
Before The Prisoner of Azkaban came out, I had wanted to see the potter
films as each one came out and due to a DVD glitch shortly after the
release of the first film, I decided to wait. Not long until the third
film was hitting the the theater I watched the first two movies on DVD
then headed out to see Azkaban. I was pleasantly surprised and I was
now a Harry Potter fan!!!!!! Last night I saw 'The Goblet of fire' and
I was..extremely disappointed. I am a movie buff and I know movies and
this latest installment of Harry Potter was beyond sitting still. I was
squirming in my seat to stay awake. I kept saying to myself that it is
going to pick up and hit it's stride. Now the special effects were
flawless however. Each seen in which special effects were obviously
used were spectacular. I'm still trying to find out why this movie was
getting duller and duller but am still in shock as to how it came to be
that way for me. At times there were jokes that did make me laugh but
they were too sporadic and seemed shoved in there. I heard that this
film was the darkest of them all and most realistic. Maybe that was the
problem for me. The magic was now gone and it seemed to take itself way
too seriously. I'm done with my review because I don't want to seem
like i am bashing it because I'm not. I just disliked this film and i
advise each future viewer to go into the theater as seeing this as a
stand alone film.
			
What I did see was pretty good. However too many things were left not
shown. I understand the book is very long and hard to detail
everything, but sooo many great things simply were not touched upon. However you must decide for yourself, i know if i read a bad review i
would still go see it on reputation of the book and the last three
films alone.But if you still go, don't rush and pack in with the crowd, it just
isn't good enough for that.Yes they go to the quidich cup, no they do not show the quidich cup.
Yes you see the champions draw certain dragons, no you do not see them
do battle (except Harry). Yes Harry is accused of doing the dark mark,
no the matter is ended in seconds, no mention of Harry's wand or even
the house elves.Many examples like that through the movie.
			
I went to see this movie last night expecting the film to be as great
as the book. The first scene in riddles house was great but after that
it just went down hill. Many things were cut from the book that should
of been in the film just for the sake of character development but
instead were sacrificed just to show the tri-wizard tournament and
ILM's special effects. That's pretty much all the film was was the
tri-wizard tournament. Most of the effect were cheezy as was the
unneeded humor. It had the problem of putting to much information into
too short of a film. This had the potential to be a great film if it
would of focus more on the book or maybe if they would of split it into
two films. If you go into this movie expecting it to be like the book
be warned you'll be disappointed.
			
It's hard to choose which of the last two movies are the worst, the
first was good and the second it's the best of the four. I would like
to ask to Steven Kloves and Mike Newell: WHERE DID HE HIDED THE HOUSE
ELF's??? AND WHERE IS RITA SKEETER, because that woman definitely its
not her??? AND VICTOR KRUM??? A cat bites his tongue? AND one big
question that i really couldn't figured, WHAT THE HELL THEY DID TO THE
"Barty Crouch Junior" AFTER THEY ARRESTED HIM??? Oh! by the way, i
guess the minister of magic had stolen the triwizard prize... Because
they don't even mention it!!! There is so many things that where taken
from the movie, that i can tell you only one thing... Go to the
bookstore and buy the book!
			
After the fantastic adaptations of the previous books, Goblet of Fire
was a huge disappointment. So many subplots and characters were left
out that what remained had huge holes in it, ideas dangling, vital
events chopped to nothing or a teaser at best: such as the Quidditch
Cup and the DeathEaters march while torturing the Muggles above their
heads, etc. It was unsatisfying and I wish they had stuck with the
original plan of a 2-part movie to better capture the genius and style
of Rowling's series. I missed seeing the tiff between Hagrid and Madame
Maxime over his suggestion that she might be part-giant, and you
couldn't really grasp the extent of Harry's isolation from everyone,
including his closest friends, that year. As he is getting older and
closer to fulfilling the prophecy, things are getting harder, darker,
and more lonely, and being a teenager sucks. On the upside, the
Horntail scrabbling across the minarets of Hogwarts after Harry and the
scene in the graveyard with Voldemort were fantastic. The scenes of
talking to Sirius in the fireplace and finding out the truth about
Mad-Eye Moody really reminded me of the book and were effective.
			
The trailers for this film looked so good that I felt very let down by
the finished product. It's awful. There is no getting around it. It is
very much style and CGI over substance here. The new characters weren't
fleshed out at all, overacting marred many of the scenes, and I feel
sorry for the director of Order and the Phoenix, because they'll have
some job getting the "Harry's an unstable liar" storyline in. I can't
believe they didn't show what happened to Barty Crouch Jr, as it is
CRUCIAL for what happens in Book 5. There were SO MANY things wrong
with this film: 1. Dumbledore. Why is the cool, calm and kindly
Headmaster with a sense of humour completely freaking out over Harry's
selection and pinning him to a wall? This isn't the character we know
and love in the books.2. It doesn't say much for the screenwriter if the only way he can
convey anger/bitterness/surprise is using swear words. I found Ron's
telling Hary to p*** off unnecessary and a bit disturbing, and the
constant "bloody hell" is turning poor Ron into comic relief, which is
an insult to his character.3. What is the point in casting brilliant actors like Alan Rickman,
Maggie Smith and Gary Oldman if you only give them, what, 5 minutes
screen time each? Rickman's Snape was CRIMINALLY underused in this
film. He stole each of the scenes he took an active part in, but
unfortunately, he has been relegated to standing around for a lot of
the time. These actors are wasted on this film.4. Emma Watson's Hermione grows more irritating with each film, largely
due to the actress' penchant for overacting. She comes across as bossy
and petty in this film. I really hated it where she was criticising the
twins for taking Ageing Potion, she kept heaving dramatic sighs and
acting like she was so superior, almost reverting back to the way she
was before the troll incident in Philosopher's Stone. Like Dumbledore,
Hermione's film incarnation is very different from the Hermione in the
books.5.The other champions had no character, no depth, and to be honest,
might as well not have been there at all. They were there to look
pretty. Viktor Krum had 2 LINES. You get none of Fleur's arrogant,
patronising nature, and Cedric was not given the chance to be shown as
a decent, fair and honourable boy. Shoddy work from Kloves again. The
guy needs to be replaced, I think.The 3 good points about this film, and I've awarded a star for each,
were Snape, as I've said above, Mad-Eye Moody, who was a delight to
watch, particularly in the ferret scene - the funniest bit of the movie
-and the fantastically evil Ralph Fiennes. He IS Voldemort. One thing
that does bug me throughout the films is that no-one seems to get the
shivers at hearing Lord Voldemort's name. Oh well, yet another glaring
difference from the books. I tried hard to like this film but I just
couldn't. The sad thing is that it may be a load of crap, but it'll
still rake in the money.
			
This is my favorite book. The book has so much detail, so many stories
within the main story and so much excitement that defines the main
story and next books. Sad to say that they include in the movie maybe
half of the book and another person on this site said it best when they
where upset about this movie not being two movies. If they did not want
two movies go for just one long great tale of a movie. I sat through
4hours of Lord of The Rings and did not want it to end. So no matter
what I say the bottom line is it is no comparison to the book and it
makes a cheesy love/ adventure movie about a fairy tale world. Read the
book and watch the movie only to see what they think the details look
like (even though they didn't go by a lot of the books details). Keep
in mind no great book can ever be turned into a great movie.
			
I found "The Goblet of Fire" to be very uneven. From the start of the
movie until two hours in, nothing really happens in the way of plot
development or story. Suddenly the story turns very dark, too dark for
children in my opinion. The drama unfolding in the last half hour also
exposes the weakness of most of the actors in this movie. Most are
obviously under skilled to carry the script.I always try to find something positive in a movie. That said, Ralph
Fiennes stands out in a wonderful but all too short appearance as Lord
Voldemort. Emma Watson has obvious talent, perhaps "Hermione Granger
and the Magical Script" would be a better idea for the next installment
in this series.
			
This movie is simply a bastardization of the book. There's no more to
it than that. Just about every scene that had me riveted to the pages
in the novel drowned in cheesy dialog, bad acting, and/or extreme
modification. If you are planning on seeing this movie, at least spare
yourself the ruination of an amazing experience and read the book
first. Even if you hate reading, you'll like this book. Besides, if you
haven't read the book you won't have a clue as to what the hell is
going on in the story anyway because the movie jumps around from scene
to scene so confusingly.Specifically, since my review is not long enough, the scenes of the
tournament underwent heavy and brutal alteration. The emotions of the
characters were portrayed pathetically, and not one of the
personalities and feelings in the book survived to make the movie.
Terrible script writing...If you are even remotely a harry potter fan, do yourself justice and
skip this movie until you have tackled the book. If you do this, then
you'll simply be sitting in the audience shaking your head at how torn
apart this story has become.
			
So I'm a big fan of the books and I think they did a great job with the
FIRST THREE movies. The fourth movie is a DISAPPOINTMENT. Thats why I
rated it as a three. There were parts I liked but not many. I'll
probably go see it again so I can complain about it with friends. I
didn't have anything bad to say about the first three movies but I
could go on forever on this one. I just wish people would give up on
thinking that this series is for kids. Maybe young teens but not kids.
I was really glad to see more of Fred and George. There were some
characters I would've liked to see again. I was looking forward to
certain parts that they changed horribly or left out all together.
Disappointing.
			
I am curious as to what book this was based onSurely not J.K. Rowlings
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire". This was truly the biggest
disappointment to hit the theaters since "Episode III". First, you
cannot skip (or fast forward) through 1/5 of the book and have a stable
storylineThe plot development was left to the imagination. The
omission of key story line was appalling. The adlib of the story was
ridiculous. I cannot imagine that anyone who has read the book can
enjoy this film for much more than the title screen Just a hintIf you
have not read the book, don't expect the movie to make much sense.
Furthermore, if you plan to watch any future HP films, read the
book...A lot of important development was omitted.
			
The first half hour of the movie was paced like a video clip, in which
many parts had the only purpose to cite small excerpts of the first
hundred-some pages of the book. The clips themselves had no connection,
no harmony and, worst, they failed their sole purpose in deviating A
LOT from the novel, interpreting some scenes in a, IMHO, doubtful way.Later the movie improved because the pacing got better. However, the
girls of Beaubaton are nothing short of awkward. The interplay between
the three main characters (Harry, Hermione, Ron) was reduced to small
scenes which lacked credibility (not blaming the actors but the script
instead), there was almost no hint that the story takes place at a
school, Fleur had no charisma, Krum was depicted a dumb sports-hero
(which is wrong), etc.Most of the special effects were just there for the effects not for the
plot. Actually, they interrupted the plot several times instead of
supporting it.Prof. Dumbledore is completely misinterpreted. He lacks an aura of
authority, he loses his temper, he seems even desperate in the scene in
his office. I cannot get the slightest idea why this person should be
the greatest wizard of his time.Voldemort was quite OK, as was the scene at the cemetery, though even
there the "great director" had to put in some artistic
(mis)interpretations.The movie had some strengths, however. There was some humor, the
special effects were almost flawless (despite being used without
sense), some acting was great (Radcliffe, Grint, Rickman, D. Smith),
certain stretches had its harmony and made sense (even without knowing
the novel).All in all, I cannot see that the movie lives up to its hype, and if
there was not the GREAT novel by J.K.Rowling, I guess it would not earn
its production costs. However, they could produce anything remotely
resembling the book and the people would still crowd the cinemas.Conclusio: Script 1/10 stars, Directing 0/10 stars (please get rid of
the director for the 5th movie).
			
I suppose making a film strictly for the 12-14 crowd is fine, but then
how can you justify including such disturbing imagery? An adult
certainly won't enjoy it; there's no plot as such, and anyone with an
attention span of more than a few minutes will be dreadfully
disappointed.My neighbor's eight-year-old was tremendously anticipating it, but I
had to recommend in the strongest possible terms that, if they didn't
want her to have nightmares for a month, that they keep her away from
it. And here's the rub: A lot of parents won't think twice, and they
really should. If you have a child who can take this sort of thing in
their stride, you should be spending your money on child psychologists,
not film tickets. You'd have to be as desensitized as an Eritrean child
soldier not to freak out. The filmmakers should be ashamed. Go see
March of the Penguins again, instead.
			
Overall, I thought the movie to be okay. While far from the best of the
Harry Potter Series, the movie is a worthwhile watch for H.P. fans just
on principle. One thing that bothered me about the movie was the
acting. While the adult actors hold their own, the (now) young teen
actors leave a lot to be desired. Granger is not really playing a role
as much as she is looking nice for the camera and Potter seems to be
tiring of his role. Grint on the other hand (who played Ron) really
impressed me with his maturing talent as an actor. Well done, Grint!
The special effects are fantastic and well integrated into the action
of the film. Also, there are few continuity errors that I noticed. I
was, however, upset at the lack of attention given to the rest of the
school year (You know, the part that DOESN'T involve the tournament),
and some events of the film weren't fully explained. Also, WAY too
long!
			
Had I not read the Goblet of Fire before seeing the movie I am sure I
MIGHT have enjoyed it a lot more, unfortunately, I did read it and it
made watching the film almost painful. As I watched the movie the main thing going through my head was "What
where they thinking?!". I realize, and respect, that it is a daunting
task to take a 734 page book and make it into a 150 minute movie but, I
have to say, they failed miserably. They took an amazing book and
turned it into a jumble of scenes and characters that just did not fit.
Nothing was ever explained properly. Important scenes were left out,
i.e. Barty Crouch Jr explaining how and why he did what he did, and the
"argument" between Dumbledore and Cornelius Fudge in the hospital wing.
These are integral plot points that set the stage for The Order of the
Phoenix and they were barely even touched upon, why? Important
characters were left out as well, what happened to Mrs. Weasley and
Percy? Why was Sirius in the film for all of 5 minutes? I even found
myself longing to see Dobby and Winky. Were these characters and scenes
left out to make room for stupid jokes and the addition of situations
that never even occurred in the book? Take the scene with Professor
McGonagall teaching the students how to dance, it was totally
unnecessary! There were so many characters and plot points in this movie that were
mentioned once or twice, never fully explained, and not mentioned
again. For example, there was no point in having Rita Skeeter in the
movie if they were not going to fully explore the tension between here
and the kids. I think what frustrated me most about the movie was not that everything
from the book could not be put in the film, it was that they changed so
much of the book without reason. The movie was completely inaccurate. I
can only assume that they were trying to make it more "interesting" for
movie-goers but I believe that a true Harry Potter fan wants to see
accuracy, he/she appreciates the story the way it is and wants to see
it portrayed that way on screen.I want to take a minute to comment on the acting. I thought the kids,
as always, were great. Although Mad Eye Moody did not look as he
should, Brendan Gleeson did an excellent job in the role. The biggest
complaint I have about the acting is Michael Gambon, he is not a
convincing Dumbledore. Dumbledore should exude a quiet wisdom, even
when he is angry he still remains calm, it's his eyes that demonstrate
his emotions not his voice. Michael Gambon completely overacts, he is
too loud and boisterous, he is simply not believable.All in all, I was very disappointed with this movie, it was definitely
not worth the $9 I paid to see it. It could have been great but instead
it was a random jumble of junk and I think, to a person who did not
read the book, it was most likely confusing. My advice to anyone who is
thinking of seeing the movie would be to just stick with the books,
they are infinitely more enjoyable.
			
It's a very good thing that what most people remember about movies and
the like is the first and last things they see, because "Goblet" is one
of those movies that has a mostly forgettable middle. The action is
tight and quick-moving, but only at the expense of character
development. Brilliant moments featuring Matthew Lewis, the Phelps
twins, and even a shining moment or two from Emma Watson are swallowed
up in that great hulking plot mechanism known as the Triwizard
Tournament.All that said, the first and last ten minutes of the film are good
enough for even the most disappointed viewer to rate the movie at least
one star higher. With the fun of a Wizarding sporting event and the
return of a major player in the series bookending the action, you can
take a $10 nap through the middle and not miss much.My recommendation: Read the book.
			
I'm going to try and be as objective as possible, yet still make my
point...I took my 12 and 10 year old daughters to see it with my brother in law
and his kids. When I heard about the PG 13 rating, I almost changed my
mind - I should have! My 10 year old came running to me from across the
row, and curled up in my lap crying while I had to cover her eyes for
near the last 30 minutes of the movie. Not just sorcery, but blatant
sorcerer's violence, cutting, blood, and death! Scenes of extreme grief
by family and friends, disturbing scary images...and the list goes on.
I nearly cried when it was all over and apologized to my kids for
putting them through this experience.I'm not expecting every children's movie to be some kind of family
picnic, but I am deeply disturbed at the direction kids movies are
going for the sake of marketing and making a dollar.The dialog was quiet at times and difficult to hear. The scenes were
choppy and jumped from no particular direction to even more confusion.
Granted, I know someone who has seen the previous 3 movies will have a
better grasp on certain terms and happenings, but Potter shouldn't just
cater to groupies. A stronger effort to incorporate new audiences would
have made it better I'm sure.I won't be so mean as to give it a 0 because of my bad experience, but
I have reasons for my low rating. Will NEVER again see a Potter movie,
or recommend one!
			
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire"...yeah, right. I don't know if it
was mistake on Rowling's part (I didn't read the book) or if it was the
makers of the movie that botched this one up, but I was all excited
about going to the midnight showing of this...I left very disappointed.
I actually wanted to leave after the first half hour...I was bored -
BORED! With Harry Potter! I LOVE Harry Potter, and this one was awful
in comparison to the other three. I went to this movie with the
expectation of being mystified and taken aback by the wondrous magical
things in this world in which everyone, child or adult, likes to get
sucked into for a couple hours and pretend that they are a part of.
It's such a fantastical world. Well, the only magical thing in this
movie is that they had their wands out a couple of times, I think. That
was about it. Everything else was just the magic of the bad evil powers
coming after them...no mysticism or awe to it...just the bad guys
around every turn. In short, it was an action movie - sexual innuendos
included - with a slight magical twist.Voldemort...where do I begin? Is it just me, or should one NOT do
something so crass as to completely resolve and reveal all about the
underling thread to the series in the middle...we've got four more to
go, kids...and here, half-way through, is Voldemort in the flesh with
it completely revealed what he looks like, who his followers were/are,
where Tom Riddle's grave is...etc. So, I think I can pretty much guess
what's going to happen in the fifth one...I'll bet it's anything BUT
Voldemort trying to kill Harry...yup. Wow...that's a mystery, I must
say. Since they ENDED the movie like everything was just fine 'n'
dandy, what with Voldemort OFFICIALLY on the loose now and all, was -
pardon my word, but - retarded.Now, I hadn't read the book, and I've seen where other people have said
that not reading the book and seeing this movie will make you
completely lost...they're right! Good thing my husband had read it,
because I had to lean over every 10 seconds and whisper, "What's going
on?" They give names on things, and don't explain them...the beginning
- where the heck where they??? Very bad form.The sexual innuendos...they do NOT belong in something that is
children's book-based. Again, I don't know if Rowling is to blame, or
the money-hungry movie makers trying to get more guys in to see the
film with all the tit for tat in this one...but I'm only 21 and I was
offended. I can just see it now...an eight year old girl sitting next
to her mother at this movie, "Mommy? Why is Harry moving the bubbles
around in the tub? What's he trying to keep Myrtle from seeing? Why's
he doing that? What's he hiding?" Yeah...that's real good there...a
reference to Harry Potter's penis...just wonderful. And I absolutely
LOVED the orgasmic entrance of the...whatever the heck they were
called...the girls in the blue things. Just wonderful. Why did the
focus go completely off of the main characters and onto these
sex-objects? Isn't that kind of a mundane thing, yet they put it into a
"magical" story? Terrible.Where was Malfoy??? The only time I remember seeing him was when the
guy with the weird eyeball turned him into a ferret...which wasn't even
that funny. A cute little ferret...what a horrible punishment for being
mouthy! I love Malfoy, and I was very disappointed to see him basically
left out of this film, only to be replaced by a skinny, foreign blond
that was put there clearly only to get a "rise" out of the now 15-year
old boys that have been fans of Harry Potter since the get-go. I just
can't wait until the 8th one...what is there going to be...a sex scene?
I wouldn't doubt it.On it's own, maybe it could pass for a decent movie...but trying to
link it to the other three marvelous films...no way. There is
absolutely no connection whatsoever. Terrible.
			
I know I'm going to make loads of enemies by saying this but I just
don't see why everyone is going nuts over this film. There are billions
of biased Harry Potter lunatics out there who would give this film
10/10 before even seeing it, even if the director did nothing but wipe
his ass on the celluloid. That isn't the case, but it's still one of
the most boring films I've had to sit through in a long time.The books do not translate well to film. I know it's an old clich that
people always say about books into movies but it really does
appropriately describe the world of Harry Potter. The books may be
money-spinners but JK Rowling's universe is so dense and involving one
can become immersed rather easily, which is one of the franchises major
selling points. The films were put into pre-production before Warner
fully understood how long or drawn-out Rowling stories would be. As a
result they are forced to increasingly cut down on what they put up on
screen. I found Prisoner of Azkaban to be anorexic compared to it's
literary counterpart. Goblet of Fire goes even further and strips it
right down to the bone.Director Mike Newell had the option of releasing the film in 2 separate
volumes (ala Kill Bill) but his overconfidence got the better of him
and he reckoned he could do a 500+ page book in a 157-minute film (with
12 of those minutes being credits). It doesn't work, I don't care what
anyone says, the story is badly damaged by being whittled down to
almost nothing. I'm not complaining at the lack of the Dursley's, I
know they don't make or break the film. But important sub-plots and
important characters are barely even featured.Harry's co-competitors in the Tri-Wizard Tournament, Viktor Krum and
Fleur Delacour, are interesting and developed in the book. In this
movie they are so absent you'd think they'd been completely cut out. I
think I heard Krum speak once. And the British Tabloid press made a
huge fuss (as they do with everything) over a girl from Fife being cast
as Harry's would-be girlfriend Cho Chang. But she's in it for an
absolute maximum of 2 minutes and has about 3 lines of dialogue! And
what of this nonsense that Ron and Hermione are in love with each
other? They have a single conversation in 157 minutes with no longing
glances or butterflies in stomach or anything! Being jealous at each
other dancing partners simply isn't enough. Also, many important plot
developments that the film doesn't have time to linger on are given a
single line of explanation and quickly forgotten as things move from A
to B to C. For anyone who hasn't read the book this could be very
disorientating and you'll probably get lost at some point.Keen to distract us from this Warner have chucked in a massive SFX
budget in hope that lots of CGI will make us think the film really is
amazing when it just plain ain't. How superficial can you get? I really
don't think the kids will mind though. And the zombie parents dragged
along with them won't care either. Those of us who are serious about
films (people who go nuts over Harry Potter not included) will notice
how plebeian the franchise has become.Mike Newell does chuck in a couple (only a couple) of nice shots but
has this amateur theory that the darker the film looks the more
sinister it will become. What nonsense! Much of this film is so poorly
lit you'll struggle to see what is happening on screen. And the daytime
scenes are all shot with an ugly green haze to make things look
enchanting or spooky or something. It makes the film look stupid.Order of the Pheonix is up next. And that book was very, very long. How
on earth they will fit that in a movie I don't know. Warner have
seriously bitten off more than they can chew with this franchise. In
the hands of a skilled director who is familiar with action, fantasy
and even a touch of horror this could have been better. The director of
Mona Lisa Smile and Four Weddings and Funeral is a totally
inappropriate choice. For some reason John Williams has jumped ship and
left scoring to duties to Patrick Doyle. But you'll hardly notice the
difference. Doyle retains the Harry Potter theme and sticks to the
loud, bombastic sound Williams used for action scenes in the previous
films. I'm not a Harry Potter hater, no matter how negative my opinion sounds.
But trying to talk sense into someone who loves these films no matter
what is like trying to convince a Christian Fundamentalist that God
doesn't exist. A rather extreme simile, but alarmingly appropriate.
			
...saw an advanced screening of potter 4 and have to admit, although
not being a fan of the hype, that i was really excited to see it. i
liked the third one and when i read, that Mike Newell is going to
direct "goblet of fire" my first thought was: what can go wrong? a lot!
**Spoilers** at first: it's a non-brainer that within j.k.Rowlings
universe always the new characters are the traitors. but it worked in
"prisoner of azkaban" (in my opinion the first entry in the series that
was not simply a slavish illustration of her overrated books and dared
to deal with a unique visual style and to transform the far too long
novel into a fastpaced movie), it does not work out here. even though i
have not read the book, i could always figure out what happens next.
except for some amazing effect-peaces i see no reason to watch this
movie, not because i don't like fun, i do! but "goblet of fire" is
simply boring. forget the "roller coaster ride" other comments
promised, even the big rise of the dark lord feels like a TV-episode.
no tension, just blood. **Spoilers end** if you like the wit and
precise and hurting psychology of Newells former movies, you'll be very
disappointed. and by the way, all the people evoking j.k.rowlings
fantastic imagination should try almost any book by terry Pratchett and
"neverending story" by michael ende - both of them real storytellers,
creating universes full of surprises and traps, and real writers...
cheers from Germany
			
I'll just come right out and say it: I'm quite disappointed with GoF. I
understand that it's difficult to squeeze a 700+ page story into a
little over two hours, but it dragged on so much that it might as well
have been four hours long. At one point, I was so bored that I found
myself wondering what size knitting needles I should use to make my
next Gryffindor scarf ... My main complaint is that the movie focuses solely on the Triwizard
Tournament; every discernible subplot in GoF was cut to make room for
it. It is also very choppy--because it goes quickly from one tournament
event to the next, it seems that hardly any time passes (however, snow
does appear on the ground about halfway through the movie). My other
grievances are of the nit-picky, hardcore fan variety, so I won't
bother listing them here. The actors did a fine job, though some new characters are very
different from how I imagined them (a first for me as far as the HP
movies are concerned ... everyone else has perfectly fit the bill).
There are a few scenes where the Hogwarts faculty look very confused
and quite uncomfortable, and for no obvious reason. I should warn any potential moviegoers that they will be terribly
confused if they haven't read GoF, and if they have, that they'll be
annoyed by choruses of, "Mommy, who's that? What's going on?" So do
yourselves several favors: read the book first, and go to a very late
night showing. And, if at all possible, avoid paying money to see it. I
was lucky because I got a free pass, and I used the money I would have
spent on it to buy post-crappy movie beer.
			
I was rushed to see this movie, however, was overwhelm by
disappointment within 5 minutes into the movie. Where should I start??
hm.. Let's see.. the movie started out w/ Harry at Weasley's and dream
of Voldemort w/ Wormtail & Barty Crouch Jr. (??), the Quidditch World
cup was only last about 5 minutes screen time up, no game play.. no
veela.. no Winky... no woods.. all you see the the pre-game seen, intro
of the player (mainly on Krum), then you see the death eaters firing up
the camp site, then straight to the school to the gable of the fire
where Dumbledore lost his cool (he pretty mush jumped on Harry & shook
him to death!), no Hagrid teaching the care of magical animal class or
the blast-end skewt! And the dragon seen was totally SO not in the
book! There are main characters missing (Charles & Bill Weasley) and
they had made Hermione Granger looked as-if she is boy crazy!! Oh, and
Fleur Delacour was a blond! Wasn't she suppose to be part Veela? Where
is the silver hair? And if you think you don't see enough of Hermione
(about total of 10-15 minutes of screen time), then you will see a lot
less of Ron! Or anyone else for that matter! Should I continue?? The
whole story was chopped & twisted!! I understand that it is hard to do
a whole movie w/i 3 hrs of time frame, however, I just think they can
do a better job than this.Man.... Can I have the original director back? This is the worst of all
4 movies!! I really like the first 2! The 3rd one was good, still
follow the story line, for the most part...even though they had made
Dumbledore seem like a crazy angry old nut w/ a little personal hygiene
problem (have you seen the fingernails?) but this... is something
else.... really....
			
I've never been so disappointed in my life. Watching that movie made me
feel like I was on drugs because it was so sporadic and had no
continuity. I understand that there was an immense amount of material
to squeeze into one movie but it could have been handled so much
better. Basically if you hadn't read the book you would have had no
idea what was going on. The only good part of the movie was from the
point Harry and Cedric grabbed the Triwizard Cup portkey until the end.
I hate this director with a passion. I honestly think I was shaking my
head through the movie more than I was appreciating it. And to think I
believed the movies were getting better...
			
I have to say, I'm really disappointed in how this film turned out,
especially in comparison with how great the book is. In my humble
opinion, studios have to face up to the fact that two and a half hours
is no longer sufficient to capture the scope and power of J.K.
Rowling's universe.In this film, Harry is forced to enter the Triwizard Tournament when
someone unknown puts his name into the Goblet of Fire, a magical
artifact that serves as the selector of competitors from each
participating school. The special effects, as always, are spectacular,
but they seem to be a cover for a lack of effort, not the results of a
work of love.All of the highlights of the book are shown; the Quidditch World Cup,
Harry's battle with the dragon, the underwater world of the merpeople
and the enchanted hedge maze are all done in exquisite detail. But this
only seems to point up the movie's shortfalls. Michael Gambon has none
of Richard Harris' quiet dignity or unflappable demeanor as Dumbledore;
instead he seems to jump at every shadow and constantly be lost in the
situation. The worst example of this is when he almost tackles Harry
and desperately interrogates him on whether he put his name in the
Goblet of Fire.The movie skips from one event to the next with very little shown of
the intervening time; action is held up as a replacement for character
development and plot. Draco Malfoy, the cruel bully everyone loves to
hate, is only shown twice through the whole film. Mad-Eye Moody,
beautifully portrayed by Brendan Gleeson, is given little to do other
than push Harry along. Nothing is explained of the backstory between
Barty Crouch and his son, nor of Snape's past or what Dumbledore
intends to do in the face of Voldemort's return.Along that line, Ralph Fiennes' portrayal of Lord Voldemort suffers in
much the same way Michael Gambon's portrayal of Dumbledore does.
Instead of the patient, cunning Dark Lord I'd come to expect from the
first two movies, he is easily angered and has no control of his
emotions or reactions, much less the situation. The scene should look
hopeless, but it is obvious right from the start that Harry is more
than Voldemort's equal. In the same scene, Timothy Spall seems almost
bored in his portrayal of Wormtail, reacting to the loss of his hand
with as little pain or emotion as one would scratching an itch. He
literally doesn't seem to feel it.I could go on, but I think I've made my point. Don't go expecting the
magic of the first three films; it's gone, and only a severe
rearrangement of cast, director and editor will bring it back if this
franchise hopes to survive. If you must see it in a theater (and for
all its faults, I recommend doing that at least once), see it in a
matine or better yet, wait until it's in a dollar theater.
			
I have to say that I disagree with almost every review posted here. I
traveled for an hour to see the movie at midnight, for the first
showing. I am a huge Harry Potter fan and have been eagerly awaiting
the release of this film. How disappointed I was. I must say that I
think that the fourth book is perhaps the weakest in the series, but it
is still a good read. The movie, however, was by far the worst yet. So
many important details were left out, the movie raced along trying to
fit as much plot into two and a half hours as possible. Of course there
was excitement, funny moments,and talented acting. But overall, the
plot moved so quickly, that one barely felt any connection to the
characters involved other than what has been built up from the last
three movies and the book. The Yule Ball was ridiculous, and Hermione
(Emma Watson) was overly dramatic. The challenges in the Tri-Wizard
Tournament were rushed through and the other competitors characters
were not built up. You barely know, yet alone feel anything about
Viktor Krum, Fleur, or even Cedric Diggory. The special effects were
great, but could not make up for the loss of the "magic" felt in the
books and other movies. The final scene with Voldemort was well-done.
Scary, suspenseful, exciting. But I must say I will not be seeing this
movie again in the theaters as I have the last three.
			
Before I hear the "You can't expect it to follow the books", the people
who seem so firmly set on this was a good movie, best yet, and that it
did the book justice I have to ask why.In the first scene, it comes to the house of Riddle, as in the book.
But instead of it just being Nagini, Wormtail and Voldemort in the
room, there is also Barty Crouch Jr? What? I know that they had to cut
things out but to manipulate the plot line so that things fit the way
that the director wanted and not how many avid fans would want is
beyond me. He had the option of making it a two part series, and in
that I think he would have been able to do a lot more justice to the
books then chopping it all to an atrociously choppy film. It was
choppy, and for people who don't read the books it will be confusing
and misleading, especially if they read them later on.I had the, unfortunate idea that I should read the GoF before seeing
the movie, as I was excited about all of the things that would happen.
Some people don't miss the Dursleys, the Weasleys, and the opening
feast, but I did. What happened at the Dursleys leaves things open for
what happens in book/movie 5. At the Burrow we lost Mrs. Weasley,
Percy, Charlie and Bill. Each of which did a lot of growing in the book
and would affect later plot lines in the story. I know, they are
lengthy, but the slow start to the story is put there for a reason.
There is a reason for each of the scenes as they are written as per the
book.I understand that they would not be able to fit everything in, but to
cut out people from the story, manipulate it as they have, what is
going to happen in the sixth movie? In this story Fleur and Bill would
have met by chance, but nothing. In this story, Sirius was a bigger
piece of the plot, and one of the few that was holding on to Harry.
They cut out a lot of Rita Skeeter and the effect she had on the book,
the other characters involved. It was like this movie was not to be
about the story, but simply the Tri-Wizard cup. Alright, let me try it
from that angle.In the scene with the dragons, someone was really CGI happy. This is
obvious in the long, drawn out, far from the story line, Hungarian
Horntail chasing Harry around the grounds of Hogwarts. Did I miss
something in reading the books? The mer-people and the scene there was
closer, a lot closer and yet still things were missing. The seats
weren't over the water, they were on the shore, and one of the
mer-people, the Cheiftaness no less was to be there. And lets not
forget the champion eating hedges for the maze, instead of blast ended
skrewts, the spider, the traps, and the Sphinx.OK, I am dragging on.Overall, acting was alright, not spectacular, but not frighteningly far
from the story. Voldemort was played with a particular flair that left
some to be desired but at least it was true to him.What I am most disappointed about though, is simply the lack of the
story in the movie, the choppiness of scene to scene. The missing
characters who are in later books as well. It just makes me worry that
if they cut this much out of GoF, what are they going to cut out of
OotP? At least there was a bouncing ferret.
			
Hate to sound a discordant note, but felt this was the least impressive
Harry Potter so far.Marvellous special effects, sure, but far too much missing, the good
bits were far too rushed (they could have made SO much more of
Voldemort's reappearance) and some of the characterisations were very
disappointing: Dumbledore, far from being the quiet, calm, wise old
wizard, came across as just a confused, jumpy old man, and the Dark
Lord himself was angry and agitated instead of the cold, sinister,
calculating and cruel figure he should have been (try listening to
Stephen Fry's audio for a much more chilling and convincing portrayal
of him). Not the actors' fault, I'm sure, but rather the way they were
directed.Worth seeing - what Harry Potter film hasn't been - but the reaction of
our 14 and 10 year-olds to the suggestion that we see it again when
their Mum was free was perhaps telling: "Do we have to?"
			
OK, I'm a big Harry Potter fan, and was entertained by the special
effects, the music and the acting. They were all good BUT . . .This movie is only understandable by those who have read the book. Read
the comments written in this forum by Reed Armstrong. He is absolutely
right. The antics with the Dursleys, OMG! how could they leave that
out? I would like to add also, that, in the book, Neville did not give
Harry the Gillyweed it was the house elf, and speaking of the elf, he
was also at the Quiddich World Cup scared out of his mind. he wasn't in
the movie either, I believe this was key to the story on the
Deatheaters, also the attack of the Deatheaters in the movie ,GIVE ME A
BREAK, they just walked around chanting, the book had more action. Also
the maze scene, how cheesy was that? That was the scariest part of the
story, not even the big spider was there, they left too much out of
that. I believe this story should have been more like a two part deal
like Quentin Taratino's "Kill Bill" series, or maybe even a week long
TV miniseries, there is just way too much in Goblet of Fire that is
important. I understand 'cause of movie length issues, they couldn't
re-create the whole book. Maybe also, they could have extended the
movie a little longer and added an intermission. I'm a big Bollywood
movie fan, I go to see Bollywood at theaters all the time, Bollywood
movies are extremely long that they have intermission, and the crowd
doesn't seem to mind. Anyway, As I said.. the music, acting, and
effects, along with visual imagery was awesome, it's the telling of the
story that sucked. Out of the 6 books, Goblet of Fire is my favorite,
that's why I take this criticism personal.
			
Direction of the movie is quite pathetic. It looks as if we are
watching a compilation of trailers. The focus of the movie is
completely missing. The sets in the movie were spectacular and the
build up to the each of the three tasks was alright but the tasks
themselves looked pretty ordinary. It seems that they had big plans for
each of the tasks but then had to cut them short because either of the
money constraint or time constraint. One of major disappointment for me
was the entry of Voldemort. One would expect that such a great moment
in the story should have been made to stand out and have an impact on
the audience but for me it looked ordinary just as any other scene in
the movie, there wasn't enough thrill in that scene. At the end of
movie, i was thinking of what have i seen in last two and half hours. I
can just sum it up in 4-5 sentences. I have already read the book so i
knew what is happening, but i doubt if somebody who hasn't read this
book would have had any clue of what's happening in the movie. It looks
as if they have tried to put in little too much within a short span of
time. Underwater task is the only one which has done justice to the
book. The acting of the child actors has improved considerably. But the
charismatic Dumbledore was missing. He looked vulnerable. He should
have looked calm and composed as he is always. I would like to ask the
director to take an inspiration from "Lord of the Rings" and make the
movie with the same sense of grandeur without compromising on time and
money.
			
the direction of this movie was horrible. let me preface the rest of
this comment with the fact that i am an avid harry potter fan. this
movie was the worst of the three so far. if you think i am wrong, bring
someone to see it who hasn't read the book first...and then enjoy
explaining the entire movie to them. granted, the special effects were
amazing, and a lot of the scenes were great, but that is all they were:
a bunch of scenes. there was no link from scene to scene. there was
nothing explaining what was happening. bad direction.the story was obviously wrong. there was not a single mention of a
house elf (the main driving point of the original plot), Veela (a fun
new species...and half of the lineage to one of the new main
characters), and there was no ludo Bagman, a fun character which would
have made for a very good time. however, i can concede that you cannot
fit everything in that massive book into this movie, and one (the
director) must pick and choose the most necessary parts.but, somethings were just off. one can argue that the following things
are nit-picky and not worth mentioning. however, if you're going to
make a movie from a series of novels with such ravenous fans, you must
be consistent. these mistakes just show that the cast and crew were not
fans of the series, but rather just looking to put out a movie. and
after the last movie, which was done so well, its a big let down.
1.Cornelius fudge never was wearing his obligatory green bowler 2.
Pavra and lavender Patil are in...DIFFERENT HOUSES 3. harry, after
fighting the horn-tail, was sitting at the table with an arm in a
sling, and stitches...so where was madam Pomfrey? and, anyone who read
book 5 realizes how wrong it is to give harry stitches in book 4 4.
Fleur was not the hottest of the hot, all other Beaubaton girls looked
better 5. where were the creatures in the maze? no Skrewts, no sphinx,
no spider.(and we know they had the budget) 6. who is this new Flitwic?
7. the Wizengamot...that is not what it looks like. how do you send
harry back there, in that situation, for the next movie? 8. magic eyes
don't need to make mechanical noises 9. Dumbledore now likes to yell at
people. he developed a temper, rather than a calm, collected amused
powerhouse of Wizarding. thanks for the new, hotheaded character, its a
great improvement.there are more, but i cant write forever. JK, please don't let us down
again.there were some pros, however. the special effects were great, but that
doesn't even matter anymore. Rita skeeter was perfect, even though we
got no hints of her being an Animagus in this movie (thell just thrust
it on us with no explanation in the next one). Barty crouch senior was
great. the twins were great. other than that though...this movie is a
harry potter movie only on the surface, and should be a let down to
anyone who is thinking about the movie.
			
Maybe it was just my high expectations after enjoying Prisoner of
Azkaban so greatly, but my wife and I were both disappointed by Goblet.
The plot seemed to be something of a rehash of Azkaban, Harry wasn't
much of a hero (people did things For him and To him, but he didn't do
a whole lot to prove what a great guy he was), lots of plot threads
were included that didn't seem to be needed (we haven't read the books,
but it's painfully obvious when something was included "just because it
was in the book"), and there wasn't enough teen angst, which was by far
the best part of the movie. Less of trite snoopy reporters! More
wistful puppy love! Also, there seemed to be a LOT of logic flaws--many
things happen that don't make sense or don't go anywhere. Maybe they're
explained in the book (in fact it seems quite likely). Maybe they'll be
explained next movie. It's pretty annoying to have to wait two years,
if that's the case.The special effects were nice, but all in all it was a letdown.
			
This review contains spoilers. First off I have to remark, that I
didn't particularly like the book. One major plot flaw is, that Mad Eye
Moody (or Barty Crouch Jr.) could have handed Harry a portkey whenever
he wanted, Harry wouldn't have had to take part in the Triwizard
Tournament. Any object in Mad Eye's study could have been transformed
into a portkey and the only thing Mad Eye would have had to do is to
have Harry touch it while having a cup of tea with him. It would have
saved him all the trouble of getting Harry through the tournament and
he could have done so at any time throughout the whole year. Having said that, lets get to the movie. It didn't feel like a year at
Hogwarts. There was just one DA lesson. The rest of the time was taken
up by the Quidditch World Cup (without the actual match), the Triwizard
Tournament, the Yule Ball (including one dance lesson with McGonagall)
and the graveyard scene. Because of this the movie felt shorter than
its predecessor even though it actually was not. Maybe it would have
been better to cut some of the extensive action scenes (the dragon
scene comes to mind  why didn't he just say "accio egg"?) in favor of
the story. In general Mike Newell's direction wasn't really inspired. The humor
was crude. Why was Filch limping when he informed Dumbledore about the
arrival of the Beauxbatons Academy? It looked just stupid. Why did
Hagrid grab the behind of Madame Maxine, why did she eat a flea or
whatever out of his beard? The list could go on. The introduction of
the members of the Beauxbatons Academy was ridiculous and cheap. One of
the worst scenes was the bathroom scene with Moaning Myrtle. But what really annoyed me was the portrayal of Dumbledore by Michael
Gambon. There is nothing left of the wise, calm and competent
Dumbledore as he is described in the books. Dumbledore in my opinion
would never raise his voice the way Gambon did let alone get physical
with Harry or any other student. Gambon didn't even have his dialect
under control, when he got emotional. The studio would do well to
recast this role (Sir Ian McKellen, Sir Sean Connery, anybody else).
The rest of the cast did a good job despite of the mediocre direction.
That goes for our heroes as well as the supporting cast (unfortunately
Gary Oldman and Alan Rickman didn't get more screen time). There were
also some genuinely funny moments (e.g. Ron dancing with McGonagall)
and the special effects were awesome. Concerning music I have to say that Patrick Doyle has done a good job.
The music complements the movie well even though it lacks the
complexity and originality of the scores by John Williams. What I
really disliked though were the songs by Jarvis Cocker. Since I didn't like the book much to begin with - if you were to frack
up the one of the movies, let it be this one. For the future I hope
that the studio will choose directors more carefully. Maybe they can
convince Alfonso Cuarn to direct another installment or even the final
two. For continuity please don't switch composers again unless you're
willing to go back to John Williams.
			
If you're not a huge HP fan, don't expect too much of this movie. And
if you haven't read the book don't expect to understand what's going
on.The plot is totally hurried over. There are vital parts and characters
that are missing. They just cannot fit the book in two and a half
hours. And it didn't turn out as a fast action movie. More like a
series of sketches based on the book.Also the actors were bad in my opinion. And 16-year-olds Radcliffe and
Grint are just to big and mature to play 14-year-old boys like Harry
and Ron. (Pretty soon Elijah Wood would be a better choice for HP than
Radcliffe) Also I think I've seen this Voldemort guy in several movies
playing extra-terrestrials! Now what was that all about?! It totally
didn't fit the rest of the movie.Cho Chang was well chosen, and the Ball scene was pretty good, but
these were the only good things. Well some effects too...As a whole there are a large number of really short unlinked scenes
sharing the same characters. The plot bounces up and down and... I'm
starting to repeat myself. 4/10 no second thoughts! As I said: If
you're a huge fan - go and see it, and you'll probably like it. But if
not, think again!
			
I don't want to give anything away, for those of you that want to know
if it is worth seeing. Well, I have been an avid fan, and all this did
was close a chapter. There were so many things missing in this movie, I
can't even begin to list them. If I hadn't read the book several time,
I would have been asking a lot of questions.This is also the first movie where you really get to see Dumbledore put
his wand to good use. He was supposed to be the most powerful wizard
ever, and I got chills while reading the book. I was really
disappointed when he came across as weak. The overall acting in the
movie was slightly overzealous, probably due to the new director. It
really just didn't live up to the reputation that the previous movies
had established for it. At least the next one will have a different
director.
			
The short and long of it... Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. Should
be called Harry Potter and the Next in a line of movies that are too
long especially for a sequel-sequel. No way should anyone have to watch
this movie this long. Acting was decent, however the scene stealer
doesn't speak (you'll see). Special Effects are good-enough to keep you
from walking out. Liking this movie hinges on details from the
book(hope you read it) and how you relate them. One of the movies
hopefully intended successes- it reminded me of everything I hated
about being a fourteen year old boy. Don't worry if you're over
fourteen and female it will remind you of everything you hated about
being a fourteen year old girl. Nevertheless, I have seen much worse
and paid more to see it. My suggestion wait until 2008 and watch parts
three,four,and 2007's part five on DVD at home where you can take
solace in the fact that you are no longer fourteen.
			
didn't like it. I didn't hate it, but I was very disappointed in a lot
of it. I thought the editing and pacing were atrocious. I didn't think
Voldemort was scary. He was manic and almost goofy to me. A lot of the
key scenes were completely over the top and hokey. I thought Dumbledore
was literally going to start chewing the scenery. Some scenes went on
WAY to long and others were to short in relation to their importance.
The whole thing with Myrtle was just gross.Now I think the acting (except for Fiennes, who I normally love) was
fine and the effects were great. It seemed like to me they had the
footage to make a better movie and just didn't. It lacked the gravitas
and emotion 4 should have.I am not a purist, I can handle changes..I love Azakaban which changed
plenty of stuff and I don't miss Dobby or Winky...but the film just
felt wrong to me. It felt sloppy and thrown together and clich.I laughed some and in places the film worked...overall I give it a C-
and a grateful sigh that Mike Newell is not directing the next one.Sorry, I know everyone else loved it. Sometimes I think my expectations
are too high.
			
All of you who voted to give this movie a good rating are fooling
yourselves. You're giving the people who make these movies license to
make another piece of garbage like it for the next 3 movies in this
series. Too much was left out, and the movie was so choppy, going from
event to event, you had no idea what was going on. I have no idea,
beyond the return of Voldemort, what the point of this movie was. They
put in all the spectacular scenes, and left out the story itself.What has made Harry Potter books and movies so interesting is Harrys,
Hermiones, and Rons ability to investigate, and deal with problems.
They did none of this in this movie. They had plenty to do in that vein
in the book. I don't understand the point of many of the scenes in the
movie. The Quidditch World Cup scene was pointless. The Yule Ball scene
was pointless.Another commenter stated that there was a lot missing, but that the
movie was almost 3 hours long already. GOF is 2.5 hours long. But I
don't understand the point in making a movie if you're not going to do
it right. If 3 hours of time would have made this movie better, instead
of 2.5, then that's what they should have done. But with that said, I
don't think an added 30 mins could have saved this one. But those in
charge of making this movie, who won't get any more credit from me
here, were determined to make a special effects masterpiece, and forget
the plot, and subplots that make Harry Potter interesting to begin
with.A note to Warner Brothers: A little less special effects, and a Whole
lot more of the story would have made you money in the long run. Harry
Potter is interesting enough without spending the bulk of the finances
on special effects.If you've read Goblet of Fire, you'll be disappointed. If you have the
money to blow on seeing the movie, go and see it. But don't give them
one penny more than one admission price. They don't deserve it for this
one.
			
I must say that, at the ripe old age of 12, buying my fresh, hardcover
copy of "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" with my allowance money
at a local Chapters was a thrill in itself. reading it as fast as I
could was another thrill on top of that. When the movies were in
production Iwas ecstatic and simply couldn't wait for "The Goblet of
Fire" as it was, and still remains my favorite of the 6. I must say, I
was let down, in a very big way.The movie opens with something straight out of the novel, but then,
everything seems to be kicked into fast-forward, without even touching
the remote. I couldn't believe it. The entire movie seems as if it
happens over a period of 7 days, not 10 months. There was no substance,
not subplots, and, most tragic of all, I didn't care about the
characters one bit.The past 3 movies have tried very hard, and succeeded for the most
part, in developing the characters and having them grow from film to
film. However even Ron and Hermione were degraded to almost cameo
roles. The conflict between Ron and Harry lasts all of 5 minutes, and
there was little to no friendly interaction between characters. The
three tasks were all that were focused on at all, with the dragon
taking up the most screen time, however being the most pointless part
of the film.I wish that director Mike Newell had taken warner Bros. advice and made
two movies, shooting both simultaneously. I am aware at the amount of
work this takes, but if he were to do this, and edit both at once as
well, he would have achieved a superb adaptation. But this film was
sadly lacking in everything that makes Harry Potter what it is. I
didn't care what happened to the characters, if they lived or died. All
I cared about was when it would finish. The acting was wooden, the
script weak and to full of stupid humor.Maybe someday, these films will be reinvented the way they ought to be.
And maybe then I'll give a damn.
			
There were big expectations for this adaptation.A acclaimed director,a
great cast and one of the best HP books with lots of great moments
which could have look spectacular on screen...but I must admit they
managed to ruin everything.I understand the fact that a book must be compressed and adapted to fit
onto a blockbuster movie,but wow,they really pushed itthere's no Quidditch world cup match,Dursleys,Rita Skeeter being an
animagus,Sphynx,giant spider,house elvesDraco,Snape,McGonagall,Karkaroff and Hagrid have less than zero screen
time.the editing is probably the worst thing.The scenes are so fast paced
you may think it's one of the horrible Michael Bay products,but then
you realize it's HP and if you're a fan,you're already ripping off your
hair in pain.You jump from a touching moment,to a intense action
scene,to a funny gag with absolutely no sense. If you haven't read the
book you will not even understand the whole evil plan behind the
tournament,and if you stop thinking about it for a moment the movie's
already overIt is really too fast,everything's blurry,and it's a shame since there
are some spectacular scenes.It's a waste of SFX and talenta big,huge disappointment for all the fans.Do yourself a favor,stick to
"Prisoner of Azkaban",which is the best adaptation so far,and avoid
this one like if it was some deadly illness...or you will be
disappointed more than me4/10
			
well,i don't know what to say about a great movie, which has been.. not
to say it was awful..but bad from many points of views: First i don't
know if the director did actually read the book..because there were two
many many many things that he didn't mentioned,there were extremely
important and useful..then there were many links i felt there were cut;
i mean the movie was so quick that every scene did not make any sense
even if someone read the book they have to figured the whole thing and
idea, that was really made me anger and sad-do you believe that when i
got out the movie,i was really upset from what happened..i was shocked
from the director even from the one who wrote the scenario,i wonder if
they didn't notice that the movie was full of blank-And here some things missing:- The scene where Dudley eats the ton-tongue coffee and has an enlarged
tongue. The Dursley's aren't included in this one at all.- Weasley's Wizard Weezes are not mentioned- The character Ludo Bagman is left out altogether- Winky isn't in the movie- S.P.E.W (Society for the Protection of Elfish Welfare), the
Elf-rights activist group formed by Hermione, is left out altogether.
And i thought this added a lot to the story throughout the book- Hagrid's humiliation at being exposed as a Half-giant is left out,
and so of course is Harry, Ron, and Hermione coming to comfort him- no Blast-Ended Screwts- Hermione never catches Rita Skeeter in her animagus form (a beetle)
as she does in the book- The scene in which Draco Malfoy is attacked on the train near the end
isn't in the movie- The money Harry wins from the tournament and gives to Fred and George
to go toward starting their joke shop is left out- The discussion with Fudge about Voldemort's return and his refusal to
accept it is left out. I don't know how they're going to reconcile this
one because Fudge's refusal to accept Voldemort is crucial in Harry
Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.- Sirius coming to Hogwarts to see Harry after the Third Task is left
out-the blood of harry in the vein of voldemortand the look of Dumbledore.I am sorry to say that newel with all my respect was not the perfect
director of the series of harry potter.i preferred Chris Columbus he
was great. N.B:i read and saw the 3 books and movies at least 5
times..hope the fifth one will be better..and everything else in the
movie was great:special effect, music,places,graphics which they really
makes the movie dark and that was beautiful.
			
In all fairness I confess that I can't separate the book from the
movie. That being said, I did not like this movie. It certainly wasn't
a "bad" movie, but it was disappointing compared to the wonderful 4th
book. Cramming 700+ pages into a 2 1/2 hour movie is certainly no
enviable task....though I suppose pleasing teenagers and the general
public requires it.The Good: The Weasley twins, Ralph Fiennes excellent portrayal of
Voldemort, the musical score, most action scenes done well, the return
of favorites like Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman.The Bad: Seems choppy and rushed at points; though humorous, they add
rather tacked on scenes instead of the very "Harry Potterish" humor
from the book; Daniel Radcliffe's continued wooden performance; And
yes....all of the wonderful things from the book that I know they had
to cut like the Weasleys crashing the Dursley House, Winky, SPEW, Ludo
Bagman, Dobby and the fleshed out Rita Skeeter subplot.The Ugly: Michael Gambon's Dumbledore. An affront to the character of
Dumbledore!! He would never manhandle a student! Or stand around
looking scared! This is simply unforgivable. I saw a suggestion of
Peter O'Toole, sounds great to me....anything but this guy.I can't recommend this movie, but I can't fairly pan it either.
			
WARNING! This may contain spoilers for anyone who is not familiar with
the book! Since my opinion is rather negative, you should probably also
not read it before seeing the movie.Positive: Um, this is hard. I liked Luciuses hair. And I thought there
was more of a 'schoolish' atmosphere in some scenes. The band at the
Yule Ball looked like a goth band or something. Filch's way of running
gave me a laugh. He was really funny in this movie, but that's probably
also negative because he's not really supposed to be funny. Some stuff
is just nice to look at.Negative: I don't know where to start this. Well allover, the movie
felt like a total haste. The scenes were incredibly short and HUGE
amounts of detail were missing (again...). But worse, they even added
some total crap to the plot, stuff where you just think 'What's this
sh*t supposed to be?'. For example Barty Crouch Jr. in the Riddle
Mansion. Didn't make sense at all and spoiled the whole plot. Also the
Pensieve scene with him was ridiculous. Dumbledore wasn't Dumbledore.
He was some weird crackp*t or something. He was just mean. Dumbledore
is a wise, silent old man, and that wasn't him. Richard Harris was so
much better, especially his voice and his way of speaking. No Sirius at
all (that fire thing doesn't count). Also, no Dursleys. I was looking
forward to them meeting the Weasleys... too bad. And no Charlie Weasley
at all. They totally could have left out the Quidditch World Cup. Those
two seconds weren't worth it. The whole dragon chase was unnecessary.
The Great Hall looked scarily small to me. I remembered it to be a lot
bigger in the first movies. Daniel Radcliffe's leg hair is rather
gross. Yuck. Mad-Eye Moody also didn't look like anything I ever
imagined. He's supposed to have no nose and have a scared face. Well...
The music at the maze was really ridiculous as well. Sounded like
German Oktoberfest. The maze was also weird. No obstacles? On to the
interesting parts... The Death Eaters looked, as a friend suggested,
like a mixture of Sido and the Ku-Klux-Klan. Ridiculous. And Voldemort
himself looked totally nice. And harmless. Nothing at all like the
Moste Evile Wizarde of all time. He didn't have any crinkles (he must
be at least 65 years old), he wasn't tall at all, and his nose looked
stupid. His eyes weren't really red. His fingers weren't really long.
His toenails were quite ugly though. I always imagined him a head
taller and much thinner than any normal man. The whole graveyard scene
didn't scare me at all. There's nothing really evil there. The 'vibe'
isn't there. The Prior Incantatem was also not really stunning. I
thought they would be floating. And I didn't understand the ending
sequence. Why the f*ck are they all so happy? Stupid.Thoughts:I could probably rant and ramble on like this forever. But
it's true, you can never do a book like that justice with a 3 hour
movie. I really think they should have made a TV Show of this, one
season per book, maybe 12 or 15 episodes per season. Then there
wouldn't be any details missing. Also, the people who create this still
hold on to the thought that this is for children. It's NOT. Poor
children, honestly. But by trying to make this viewable for children,
they ruin the whole thing. It has to be a lot darker and a lot more
depressing. Especially all that evil stuff. That wasn't evil. I
couldn't see anything evil there. But maybe the actors are just bad?
Who knows... The kids, especially Harry have to learn how to become
more emotional. There was a lot of emotion missing, especially in the
end. Nothing can ever do justice to one's own imagination. That's one
of the reasons why I started to read the first book again yesterday
night. I'll go for all six now. Haven't read one after another in quite
a while now.. Must have been at least two years or so ;)
			
Having waited two years to see the film of my favourite book I was
highly disappointed to find that Mike Newell had decided to cut out a
lot of the film. I thought the film was rushed from start to finish as
it only included parts that needed to be for the plot. Everything that
was not included were what I would consider make the book that extra
bit special. The parts that were lucky enough to be included were good.
I suggest that for anybody who really liked the book and has not yet
seen the film that they do not go to see it as it will ruin something
that you like, as it did for me. Understanderbly curiosity will get the
better of you.
			
Both of us agreed, the Goblet of Fire was a soulless, mechanical,
disappointment. The latest Potter movie has no humor, no wit, and
substitutes frenetic action for plot and dialogue. The characters seem
made of cardboard, being moved about by the director to advance the
plot. There is none of the subtlety, or wit of the first movie. None of
the character development and advancing friendship between the main
characters of the second movie. As the Potter movies advance, they have
steadily deteriorated. These movies now absolutely are not for children
under 16 and are largely a waste of time. Special effects do not make
the movie any more. We give the Goblet of Fire two thumbs down for
sloppy script, lack of intelligence and substitution of mishmash for
coherence.
			
I was very disappointed in the way this movie came out. No Winky and
Dobby come on those were important characters in the movie. The movie
kept jumping from scene to scene very fast trying to get as much out of
the book as possible but it made the movie not flow well. The biggest
drawback was definitely the worst ending. What about the killing of
Crouch Jr. and the ministry not believing that Voldemort is back? This
really has upset me because this was my favorite book in the series and
now my least favorite of the movies. And what about more on Rita
Skeeter she has to ruin more of Harry's life so that she can be caught
and really used in the 5th one. And more Sirius. More of a rental than
anything, very disappointed.
			
I am an avid reader of the Harry Potter books and love the movies
despite certain well loved scenes being cut. J.K. Rowling said in an
interview that she has always told directors to stay true to the spirit
of Harry Potter if they couldn't do the movie exactly like the book.I feel that this is the biggest monstrosity to befall the spirit of
Harry Potter.Why on earth does Dumbledore slam Harry up against a wall demanding to
know if he put his name in the goblet? Is it not obvious that he loses
his cool in almost every scene? This man is our inspiration in the
Harry Potter books and Rowling consecutively portrays him as a man who
does not need anger to solve situations. His humor and light
heartedness has always seemed to give Harry a sense of hope. If we were
to compare the past movies it would be obvious that this mishap is not
one of the actor's own doing but that of the director.So many Harry Potter fans said that Richard Harris was the perfect
Dumbledore and that it would be extremely hard to find someone to fill
in his shoes. Well the new man on deck in Prisoner of Azkaban was hard
to tell apart from Sir Richard. He was that true to the spirit of
Dumbledore. His mannerisms, his spherical character were more than
enough to ease audiences fears of what could have been a drastically
bad choice.How could someone so perfect in the third, epic film change so suddenly
in just a years time at Hogwarts? It is clear that the director of the
film wanted every character to match the dark and ominous mood of
Voldermort's return and in the headmaster he made a gargantuan mistake.
Dumbledore is the only person He Who Must Not Be Named fears and there
has always been great contrast in the two that make a child believe the
angry and violent can be overpowered by the humble and wise.In Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Voldermort and Dumbledore are
one and the same and those who do not read the books can be extremely
excited that the movies are turning into another Matrix film.There is no spirit of Harry Potter left when you take away the glimmer
of hope that a truly good book can hold the same feeling in a movie.It's a lovely film for younger audiences who, of course, are only drawn
to a film for more than ten minutes if something is fire breathing or
adventurous, but I have to wonder whether or not the true spirit of
Harry Potter that made the underdog children on the playground who were
picked on feel they had something of worth has been lost in the glitz
and glam of the Hollywood world we live in.
			
I thought this movie was terrible. I am a huge Harry Potter fan and I
had a lot of hope for this movie, but I was greatly disappointed. I
felt that the whole movie was rushed, there was no time for the trio
(Harry, Ron, Hermione) to bond at all or discuss stuff like the usually
do. I thought that the movie made Harry out to be a blubbering idiot.
In the books, Harry actually spent a lot of time practicing spells and
learning new ones to prepare, while in the movie, it showed nothing of
what Harry actually did to get through the Triwizard Tournament. The
maze for the Tournament was terrible! Where were the challenges that
lurked around every corner? Where was wit needed to reach the center?
All they did was run around to escape the "blowing wind" and "roots."
Terrible! Dumbledore's character in the movie seemed much more sinister
and downright mean. I never got that impression from the books at all!
Where are they getting that?? Dumbledore never yelled at Harry in the
books, i was quite shocked in the movie. There were good parts to the
movie, special effects were amazing and i loved the design... But when
comparing this to the book, I thought the movie was a huge let down.
			
After reading the book I was very interested in seeing the Goblet of
Fire, but as a fan of the books there were many things that were left
out which are important to the story. Anyone following the movies only,
will have problems following along as they move so quickly. You do not
have a chance to enjoy the type of depth that the previous movies
portrayed. For example, during the first 10 minutes, you go from Harry
seeing the vision of the caretaker, to waking up in a bed at the
weasly's. Then after being woke up they are out the door and going to
the port-key. The Dursly's and Weasly's are to me an important part of
tying the movies together and giving us a home base if you will.
Compared to the book, you miss the weasly's trip via flu powder to get
Harry and getting stuck in the Dursely's fireplace, and it exploding to
reveal the Weasly's. And what about Dudley, eating that thing that
makes his tongue get extremely long by one of Ron's brothers and then
the showdown where Auther Weasly tells off the Dursleys. That scene
would have been most enjoyable and would add a little comedy as well. Granted there are some very funny moment's in the movie, but overall
the movie in did not stick to the book. For instance, the book
mentioned that Dobby was the one that gave Harry the Gilly weed which
is stole from Snape. At the time, when the Dark Mark was conjured,
winky was the one caught with Harry's wand (while sitting by winky
Barty Crouch's house Elf near an empty seat during the quiditch
championship match) behind a tree. In the book there was some time, for
the students to settle before the other schools showed up, as this is
not as important, but the book added tension to the fact that something
was going to happen as Howarts this year that has never happened
before. Ron brought his dress robes from home and did not arrive as a
package. As annoying as Rita Skeeter was, we did not get to see how much trouble
she caused, and how Hermione got her revenge. Sirrus showed up only
once when in fact he help Harry much more, and Dumbledor just appears
not to be who he is in the book. He is easy to get upset, and does not
have the mystical sense of power that is portrayed of him in the book.
Basically, we no longer have the same sense that you really know the
characters anymore. Regarding the end of the movie, the real talk that
Dumbledore had with Harry did not come close to what really took place,
which was very important to the story, and helped to transition us to
leave the world of Harry Potter until the next book. This movie went so
quickly that you had no time to enjoy any aspect for long. I understand that they could not do everything that was in the book,
but I feel that more care should have been taken in what was chosen to
be in the movie, and that it should be more true to the feel of the
previous movies. There is a lot of hype about how scary this movie is.
My six year old went, and was more afraid of the last movie than she
was this one. I will keep my fingers crossed for the next one.
			
I LOVE Harry Potter, but I was a little disappointed by this one; The
Goblet of Fire is one of my favorites out of the series, so I guess I
expected more. My husband has never read any of the books and he was
lost throughout the movie and I wish we had known that this was better
for those who had read the books. They cut out too much important stuff
that supports the next book and it seems like they rushed through this.
The cemetery scene and the first task with the dragon was depicted
well, but they kept out the 2 house elves, the Dursleys and Mrs.
Weasley, and I didn't like how Dumbledore or the Madame was portrayed.
Understanding of course that time is not on a directors side, but
information and detail was definitely lacking. The main three are still
great together and thankfully they kept the twins more involved. But
it'll be interesting to see how the twins are able to get their magic
shop started without the reward money. Overall, I think they could've
done better.
			
This film deserved its mediocre ratings. This film is horrible from a
production stand point, a music stand point, and acting stand point, a
writing stand point, a directing stand point.Lets get started shall we? This was a rushed production, loose ends
left right and center, and if I recall right I saw a crew member on
camera during one the scenes.Music. Patrick Doyle makes me sick, its one thing to take the original
score by john Williams, but to take themes from start wars and Jurassic
park with it is just horrible and discussing. The music was not written
well, it had no depth. And on the screen it was just there. I shouldn't
be able to hear the music unless I try. Music is to set a mood which
Doyle did not do very well.Acting. Dan can't act his way out of a paper bag in this movie. Every
line seemed forced and every acting seemed reluctant.Writing. The script didn't flow, it was jumpy and poorly written. Good
comic relief from the book was replaced by shoddy and poorly written
comic relief. If you had not read the book this movie would of left you
in the dark all the way through. No one would have known who frank was
unless they had read the book. Where the hell were the Dursleys? I know
they had been cut a long time ago. But I hoped they would still be able
to make the script flow. I was wrong. Also where was the character
development? Oh that's right there was none! Not once could i get in
side a characters mind and fell what they did.Mike Neweal or who ever he is. You should be ashamed of this crap heap
you call Harry potter and the goblet of fire. You cant direct to save
your self. Stick to low profile films, and leave the big ones to the
big boys. I could of directed this movie a hell of a lot better than
you.This movie proves my point of. The British cant make movies they can
just act in them.I was looking forward to this movie ever since to book was released.
This entire production let me down, Guess Harry Potter and the Chamber
of Secrets is still the greatest Harry Potter film produced. This
production has so much potential and it was all destroyed by bad
writing, HORRID music, mediocre acting, and Horrendous directing. This
film almost made me cry, the 4th book is my favorite and to see it this
way makes me scream.So to all who made this movie, Congratulations on Screwing Up what was
to be a great movie.
			
The fourth book in the HARRY POTTER series is by far the best, offering
up a ton of adventure, excitement, danger, death, and heartfelt emotion
and easily surpassing the previous three entries because of its darker,
more epic feel. Sadly, GOBLET OF FIRE the movie is a real
disappointment, a film that goes through the motions without offering
any real heart to the proceedings.Technically, the film is proficient; the camera angles are off beat and
more in line with an art-house movie, the direction is strong and
steady, and the special effects surpass themselves on frequent
occasions. But Rowling's complex-yet-simple plot line is changed beyond
recognition, with key incidents missed out, passed over, or changed
completely. I did understand some of the changes made by the
film-makers but when it got to the third and final task, I couldn't
believe my eyes.Gone is the danger and magical creatures offered by Rowling; instead
there are some moving hedges and blowing leaves. HUH??? What a
disappointment! Things get worse with a horribly miscast Ralph Fiennes
camping it up as Voldemort; his make-up is certainly good, but his
voice is just rubbish, far too suave and upper-class when it should be
guttural and evil-sounding instead. The film's pacing is breakneck but
restless with it; it seems like Newell is always in a hurry to move on
to the next scene yet it drags sometimes too.The central pair of Radcliffe and Grint are excellent in their roles
and have really grown into them, whilst Watson overacts and is a real
disappointment. One good addition is Brendan Gleeson as Mad-Eye Moody,
the actor has a ball and can do no wrong in this reviewer's opinion.
All the other cast members are fine but they only get skimmed-over
roles. All in all a quite big disappointment, recommended for those who
haven't read the book beforehand.
			
I know it must be very hard to make a movie based on a best-selling
book, let alone a Harry Potter book. But in my opinion, they pretty
much messed it up by changing the directors (Chris Columbus should have
directed all the movies).I like the fourth book very much and I completely realize that some
parts of the story just had to be left out due to the length of the
book. The thing I dislike the most is the fact that the whole movie
seems less magical than the previous ones. The director was obviously
trying to make this one more realistic, but that's the key mistake
here. Harry Potter series are meant to be "out of this world".
			
This remains my least favorite translation of Harry Potter to the big
screen. The book was basically hacked to pieces and re-written into a
stock action-adventure movie. So much of the wonderful detail and
substance of the book were abandoned. The original idea to make this
into a two-part movie was spot-on. That would be the only way to tell
the story effectively.The focal point of this tale is Mad-Eye Moody. In the book, that
character comes across as very frightening, both physically and
mentally. He is a dangerous man who has lived through some horrific
events. But in the movie, Brendan Gleeson comes across as comic relief.
He seems wacky, but not threatening. And that eye patch is absurd. One
of the most frightening aspects of Moody in the book is the spinning
eye in his head. That becomes significant in later books. But it the
movie the patch Gleeson wears looks like a comical toy. There's also
never a real sense of him being a mentor to Harry. In the book, it's
obvious that Harry is looking up to him as a father figure.There are other little things that bothered me. Hermione's SPEW
movement is completely written out, a movement that has important
ramifications later in the series. Rita Skeeter should seem more
sinister. She seems, like so many characters in this film, a
caricature. What's with Barty Crouch Jr. and his wiggling tongue? The
mer-people looked absurdly CGI, and didn't possess the sort of mournful
quality they had in the book.I liked the very beginning of the film and the confrontation with
Voldemort at the end. But the rest of it needed more breathing room to
properly develop the story. Perhaps one day, someone will re-do the
books as a mini-series so that Rowling's remarkable worlds can be given
their due.
			
I just watched "Harry Potter and Goblet of Fire" for the second time.
Ans just yesterday once again finished reading the book. The first time
I watched this film, I almost liked it, but it was almost a year after
I read the book. So now my opinion has changed.Not only because of the man who is supposed to be Dumbledore. it seems
that he is bigger Harry's enemy than Voldemort when I see them both.
Its really sad Dumbledore from first two movies died... He was made to
be Dumbledore from the books.So, this is "Harry Potter and Goblet of Fire"? I really doubt... I
would rather call this running through the pages of Rowling's
masterpiece. I always cry in the graveyard scene when I read. And now,
when I watched the film... Sorry, but I had no time to understand what
a tragedy has come - Cedric killed and Voldemort's back. There was no
tension. No feeling what all the characters feel. It seems that
director and author of the script decided just show everyone what's in
the book because it would be about 4 or 5 hours long film. But, I
guess, all those who love Harry would still watch it. Or, it was
possible to make two movies, how its done with "Harry Potter and
Deathly Hallows". Not just this... I'm really disappointed and I'm sure
I'm not the only one. Now its just running the marathon in time for
sprint...And the saddest thing about the film is that for a long time there
won't be actors like these we have now - Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert
Grint, Emma Watson and Robbie Coltrain who seems to be born to be
Harry, Ron, Hermione and Hagrid. Oh, and the Phelps twins, they are the
perfect ones for Fred and George.
			
In my honest opinion, if you're an only-HP-movie fan and see this movie
before reading the book(s), you wouldn't understand it. It sums up
everything from the book pretty shabbily, and you won't be able to
understand what's happening where. I have read the books, and had no
difficulty understanding the movie, but I was highly disappointed by
this.First of all, the director. Mike Newell disappointed me. It seemed as
though everything was hurried and rushed on the sets. I'm glad they
found Yates for the fifth one, and even happier that he'll be staying
for the sixth and both the seventh films.Secondly, the acting. Rupert Grint and Emma Watson showed the best
performance, IMO. While others were also pretty good, I was most
disappointed with Daniel Radcliffe, and now, after a whole year passed
after the FIFTH movie, I've come to the conclusion that his acting
skills have gone DOWN since the fourth movie. He was actually pretty
good in the first three movies, but I have no idea whatsoever about
what's happened so suddenly. And second to Daniel would be Michael
Gambon. Gambon is actually pretty good, but he will never beat the
level Richard Harris went to. Harris was the real Dumbledore, not
Gambon. While Gambon does a good job, Harris definitely did a better
one.And lastly, the script. What on EARTH made Kloves make Dumbledore grab
Harry and shake him? That isn't Dumbledore, it's some randomly inserted
alien clone. Dumbledore would never do that. And besides that, what the
HELL was with the Harry/Hermioneness? The whole book was practically
filled with Ron/Hermione moments (only second to Half Blood Prince and
Deathly Hallows), and the movie was simply Harry/Hermione. It seemed
that the row between Ron and Hermione (which was supposed to be the
main R/Hr bit) was simply put there because it was in the book. Being
an avid Ron/Hermione supporter, I have my rights to say that the
Harry/Hermioneness was completely uncalled for.I shouldn't be rating this 4 on 10, but 3 on 10, but I added an extra
point because it was part of my favorite book franchise.
			
I am a huge Harry Potter fan, I guess more so of the books rather than
the movies. I must say this movie was not the best of the four movies
to date. It seemed as if they took the whole school year and jumbled it
into one day. There was no noticeable change of season. I tried to
forget details from the book itself in order to enjoy the film more,
but I could not do it.I believe that if you have no prior knowledge of the book and then see
the film, you will enjoy the film for its action packed content and
special effects. But as a loyal fan of the books, the movie left me
waiting to see if they would pop out and say "HAHA just kidding!" and
replay the real movie. CHaracters and scenery were not what I pictured
them being.I recommend the movie to those who do not read the books. It will be a
lot less stressful for those people.
			
Here's the run-down: --SUMMARY-- Harry Potter is a 14 year old Wizard
who goes to a school for Wizardry called Howgwarts. By now, he has been
attending Hogwarts for 4 years. This year, the school will play host to
the Triwizard tournament, and two other schools one from France and the
other from Bulgaria, will be competing against the school'scontestants. You have to be in your seventh year at Hogwarts in order
to compete. By filling out your name on a piece of paper, and dropping
it into the Giblet of fire, your name may or may not be selected when
the contestants are chosen. Only 1 from each school. Things seem all
well and dandy until Harry Potter's name pops out of the Goblet... even
though a Hogwarts student has already been selected. the problem? You
can't even get close to the Goblet unless you are in your seventh year.
Could this be a plot by Harry Potter's Arch-nemesis, Lord Voldemort?
--END SUMMARY-- ... Where do I begin? Ooh! I know. This movie... sucks.
Great plot, right? the Novel was amazing. Mike Newell failed horribly
at making this movie... simply put. I honestly think he missed half the
damn story... and what he missed he just replaced with things that
never happened. What happened to S.P.E.W.? What happened to the
dursley's? Why are they NEVER wearing their robes, only preppy clothes?
Tell me why they spent more time on the scene where Daniel Radcliffe
takes a bath then on the actual plot? The movie was not only short, but
also missed several important events. Where was Dobby? What about Mr.
Crouches house elf? Where was Sirius? Why did they not go to his cave
and see Buckbeak??What about the part where The Weasley Twins expand Dudley's tongue?
Where was that? Why didn't they show ANY of the classes except Defense
against the Dark Arts? This movie is WAY WAY too Hollywood and makes
the Novel seem like utter crap. They spent more time on set design and
makeup and clothes than they did the actual script. It's 1994. Not
2006. Also, Hermione was in tears half the movie. Anyone notice that?
Constantly flipping out. the movie also missed a lot of plot
development points, such as the relationship between Harry and Cho.
Only for the people who don't want to read the novel... or only for the
true hardcore HP fans who would only get it just to have the entire set
of movies. Order of Pheonix better be... well, better.~Mason
			
Maybe the other three Harry Potter movies were acceptable, but this
one...If not for the fact that I really enjoyed the books, this film is
not really worth seeing. It is, in my opinion, the worst of the series
while the book is the most complex and interesting if you consider only
the four first books(since on the whole, the books in this series have
the tendency of not only becoming gloomier, but also better and better,
both as far as plot is concerned, but also characters, situations,
everything.)The result however is dreadful, like some apprentice just
chopped off the juiciest moments and packed the left ones pell-mell. I
am sorry to see that the author allowed this to happen to her book.
Also, I have to notice that not one of the directors and writers has
introduced Peeves as a character, and this discrimination is revolting
in as much as it has deprived us of many savoury moments. If
directors/writers have reduced this wonderful book to such a lamely
result, I do not even want to think what they'll make of books V and VI
who are even more complex. For the moment I feel that maybe giving up
Chris Columbus was the worst decision ever.
			
k so it was an Awesome movie great graphics and everything and it lived
up to all the hype but why cant anyone make a movie that lives up to
the book they left SO much out! but i totally understand i mean the
book is really long but a lot of important stuff was left out! if i
hadn't read the book everything with Barty crouch Jr would've confused
the hell out of me! and i was really looking forward to seeing what
they would do with the maze and what they did was cool but this
supposedly deadly maze consisted of moving hedges and nothing else! in
the book there were dementors and a sphinx and so much stuff they could
have made the maze AMAZING and they didn't. The grave yard scene on the
other hand AMAZING i was so happy with it!
			
First off let me say I'm probably reviewing this from a rather one
sided point of view having read the books. The movie all together isn't
bad for children but it has a severe lack of plot. It seems the
director and producers decided to shove as much time and money as
possible into visual effects and completely leave out the subplots and
side stories that really help to build the characters. I was severely
disappointed when I heard they were originally going to make this book
into two movies. So many characters and important events have been left
out. Most importantly, there is no set up for the rift between
hogwart's and the ministry of magic, which nearly the entire point of
the next in the series. At first I was worried as to how they will be
fixing this in the next film but I suppose they wont have to if the
goal is to rely on special effect and not good acting or writing. Hats
off to Columbus, I hope he is headed back to the series. The only
reason I don't give this a lower reason is because it IS intended for
children, but as Harry grows, so do his readers, and the film industry
needs to understand that by the end of this series they will need to
tend to a much more mature audience. 4 out of 10
			
In this part of the Potter movies, directed by Mike Newell, there is a
lot of danger and destruction, and Harry is introduced to newer, more
dangerous things. Mike Newell was clearly trying to settle his camera
upon one main thing: teenage love. True, Harry is growing up, and his emotions are every which way, but
why was so much of the movie taken up by the Yule Ball? It seems this
movie was meant only for teenagers. Hogwarts is portrayed much
differently when there are bare-backed teenagers dancing to a made-up
rock band. The acting in the film is slowly improving. As for Michael
Gambon: Fine an actor as he may be, the casting director who chose him
went the opposite way of where they should have. Harris's Dumbledore
shared the qualities of the book's Dumbledore: kind, compassionate,
almost superhuman, and cares for Harry the most, foreseeing the danger
that is to come in his future years, and what he must do. However,
Gambon's Dumbledore has no warmth; in fact, he pushes Harry many times
in the movie, and speaks in angry tones. In this film you see
Dumbledore more as an angry old man rather than the book's Dumbledore
(anyone who is a big fan of the books knows exactly what I'm talking
about). (and besides, who really wears their beard in a ponytail?)Rupert's acting is superior to the threesome; Daniel still seems to
have a little trouble with his emotional blows. Being forced on a
gravestone while a man you loathe cuts deep into your skin would
require more of a short grunt and closed eyes. However, the second task was done remarkably well; I think Newell
captured the eeriness of the Black Lake perfectly. The audience is
tense during this part, waiting for something scary to happen while
Harry swims slowly through the water. The first task is a little forced, but I can live with it. The third
task....what happened?! Harry didn't seem so scared in the books, and
in the books there were Blast-Ended Skrewts and animals, not some
stupid wind. What was the deal with that?!All in all,this movie did NOT live up to the book's standards. If you
have not read the book and you watch this movie, you will be utterly
lost EVEN WITHIN THE FIRST OR SECOND SCENE! The humor was a little forced, too. I would advise not watching it if you're a die-hard Potter fan.
			
I was so looking forward to this film, even though my gut and my
disinterest in the trailer told me that I would not like it. I have not
read the books, so that is a caveat before I can continue this review.
I love books, but after watching the first film version, which I loved
immensely, I decided I would have to wait to clear my mind of the
environment and characters the films had cemented in my imagination.
The Prisoner of Azkaban was extraordinary and proved, especially after
the waning quality of the franchise was exhibited in the Chamber of
Secrets, that a wonderful director was necessary to make these films
work. However, Mike Newell turned this story into a flashy, dull,
ostentatious spectacle. Maybe it was the fact that I viewed it at home,
but it is my belief that a film cannot only ride on its ability to
exploit big screen advantages. The acting was also as deplorable as the
directing. The young stars, who seemed so innocent and devoid of
conceit, exhibited oodles of ridiculous over-acting. For anyone who has not seen this in theaters: beware! At home this film
is nothing more than a big budgeted groaner. I may stand alone,
although not entirely because my boyfriend hated it more than I
disliked it, but I believe that this film marks a sad turn for this
series.
			
Having read the book, I knew that the script for this movie would need
to be pretty condensed for time. Still, I must say, I was disappointed
by some of the scripting and direction decisions. Forgetting the
omission of some key plot elements (i.e., house elves, Weasley's
wizardly wheezes, expanded role of Sirius Black in Harry's life) that
are integral to the next installment in the series, I was surprised by
some of the additional plot elements added to tie up loose ends and
explain missing elements (i.e., the quidditch world cup game, the
introduction of Barty Crouch, Jr at the beginning of the movie??, the
expansion of Neville's character to make up for the absence of others).Some of the condensed/new story elements were pretty good...the
expansion of Neville's character comes to mind. The special effects for
the first and second tasks (except for the underwater hostages) were
well done, and the graveyard sequence with Voldemort was sufficiently
creepy.The editing is almost too tight. For the first 90 minutes of the film,
you jump from scene to scene without any transition. This makes it feel
like you are being shown clips of a longer story (I actually checked
the remote to my DVD player to make sure I wasn't playing the disc in
preview mode :-( )My main beef though is the portrayal of Dumbledore in this film, which
others have mentioned. It is extremely inconsistent with the character
that was developed in the books and in the last 3 movies.As a book fan, I may not be the most objective movie reviewer. But if I
had only seen the movies, it have been would be very hard to follow
this one if I wasn't familiar with the book.
			
Hey guys I'm new to this whole site(about 30 seconds actually)So I
thought that seeming that I'm a die hard Potter fan the first film I
would give my sledge to would be the latest HP movie the first thing
that comes to mind is obviously rushed E.g:we go from Harry at the
Burrow to the Qudditch world Cup to the muggle attack to Hogwarts in
barley 15 scenes(thats not a precise count)It all just seems to fast to
many things missed out on Really I just that the HP directors should
take Peter Jacksons approach and give it a little bit of slack to make
up for the detail and plot I wouldn't mind staying in a cinema 4 an
extra hour to see a bit more of the plot All up a 700 pg or more book
with the detail that J.K Rowling puts in should not try to be squeezed
into a 2hr period
			
I saw this movie in Imax, and this format really helped me to have a
good time. Not my goal to say this movie is bad but it is surely not
unforgettable.Maybe I'm too old, but nor the story, nor the characters inspire me.
Harry is a bit dumb, not very focused on his schoolwork & has only his
courage to admire. In that way, he's not such a good role model for
young people. In addition, this 4th chapter has the usual scheme of the
previous three and i feel a bit alienated of having to get back to
school again.On the other hand, the visual is stunning and it's a stroke of magic to
have imagine such a coherent and intriguing universe.In conclusion, the movie is more interesting than the book because the
pictures deserves best visual things (a castle, a dragon) and in the
same time less interesting because words are what make alive a
character....(Having seen the Yates' period, Newell was good in injecting a lot of
humor and funny things and above all was better at directing the cast:
for one time, Harry and his peers seems alive with their lines!)
			
I am afraid it does not live up to the expectations, at least for the
following reasons:1. excessive stress on the frightening bits: this is not supposed to be
a magic/English version of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre; 2. the pace is excruciatingly slow, especially in the frightening bits
(representing at least 60% of the movie...); 3. some characters change and become a caricature of themselves (like,
inter alia, Ron).This is not the first time it happens: 1st HP, great, 2nd rather poor
(strangely enough, for similar reasons, i.e. the attempt to make a
horror movie out of it), 3rd picked up again, and now this lemon...Back to the thinking hat, folks, and in a hurry, to prepare HP 5...This movie is unnecessarily frightening for children and utterly boring
for adults. Not recommended.
			
I was very disappointed by the movie. Having read the book i was
expecting something different. The book itself is the biggest up to now
- introducing a lot of knowledge about the wizarding world.The film (there was enough stuff to do 2) reduced the book to action
sense after another. Harry Potter flying for minutes (was it to sell a
console game ?!) as we have never seen before - OK there are quidditch
matches in every film - but [...]They could instead have shown a bit more about the houseelfs (S.P.E.W,
winky & Dobby), the Bulgarian mascot, the silencing of Rita Skeeter,
the death eaters terrorizing they world, paid more attention to detail
(moody's trunk is different and what use is a locked item, if any
graduated wizard simply can open it? ).So as a conclusion i would have loved more story and more detail about
the world of Harry Potter (muggle or magic alike).
			
I had high hopes for this latest instalment of the Harry Potter series,
most especially after the superlative production of Harry Potter and
the Prisoner of Azkaban with Alfonso Cuaron at the helm. Cuaron's film
was a genuine cinematic treat, often visually stunning, darkly
atmospheric, strongly-acted, emotionally satisfying with a realistic
central theme charting Harry's personal growth and his evolving sense
of identity. Emma Watson was excellent here as Hermione, and her scenes
with Daniel Radcliffe (Harry), most particularly during the brilliantly
directed Time Turner sequence were a stand-out. There were multiple
visual clues, gags, motifs, clever filmic transitions to delight during
this film, ensuring a multi-layer narrative - more than mere popcorn
action and trite adherence to the book. As for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - everything I can say about
Cuaron's film cannot now be said. Indeed, it is an almost complete
reversal. The film is not as impressive visually - indeed, it borders
on dull and plodding. The brooding darkness first instigated by Cuaron
is still apparent, but has been dimmed to an oddly greenish, medieval
hue which pervades throughout. Cuaron's palette was more blues and
greys and silvers, to often startling effect. Newell's dank colours
stifle and subdue the film. There is abundant use of silver at the Yule
Ball, but even this episode lacked vitality I felt, which is a big
shame as Newell was most surefooted when tackling material which
pertained to the teenage angsty relationships - basically human
interest stuff was handled pretty well, and often to mildly comic
effect. As a result, Rupert Grint as Ron, and Matthew Lewis as Neville,
came off best in this production. I have not been impressed with Grint
in particular in former films, but here he put in a strong performance
- I guess Newell was more secure and at ease in handling Grint's major
material.The same could not be said for Emma Watson, who was shrill and annoying
- much more so even than her character Hermione who can herself be
hugely irritating in the book (albeit lovable). Gambon's hysterical
Dumbledore was quite dreadfully overplayed - in Cuaron's version Gambon
just about managed to maintain an even keel - here, Newell allowed him
to melodramatically fall overboard. In truth, precious few performances
had much to recommend themselves. Maggie Smith was competent as always,
ditto Rickman's Snape (although horridly underwritten). Barty Crouch
Snr and Jnr were much less effective (this saddens me as fan of David
Tennent). Gleason's Mad Eye Moody was a wasted opportunity, and his eye
decoration was simply ludicrous and not in the least bit disturbing.The narrative flow was episodic and clunky. The early stages of the
film actually dragged: The World Cup debacle resulted in a completely
disproportionate and unwarranted apocalyptic landscape, the
introduction to the TriWizard tournament was wrecked by egregious
over-acting from Dumbledore. Events mildly picked up during parts of
the tournament itself, and the dragon sequence was particularly
impressive. The bathroom scene with Moaning Myrtle was well-done
(again, back into safe semi-comic Newell territory) and although much
was lost from the original which would have boosted the suspense factor
considerably, the maze had its moments. The final graveyard sequence,
however, was OTT rubbish, almost completely devoid of suspense and
emotion. I had looked forward to the recreation of Voldemort, but this
was one hell of a letdown. Fiennes deserved better.I did wonder though if Newell had been slightly handicapped by the book
too in this respect - the evocation of Voldemort was always going to be
tricky to handle. Perhaps Cuaron was lucky in not having to handle this
aspect of Harry Potter at all - events, fears were grounded in reality
- and frankly the Dementor's kiss, and indeed, the ghastly spectral
Dementors themselves, feasting on our fears and phobias, are probably
the most frightening inventions in the entire series to date. Voldemort
is a bit too much of a cartoon figure - the personification of evil is
probably better left unstated, left to the imagination, the subjective.
As a mind-possessing force in the next instalment (The Order of the
Phoenix), Voldemort is more sinister, more terrible. Perhaps then we
will get a better film.
			
Honestly, I do not see where the praise for this movie comes from. I
found the acting decent, the direction sloppy, the effects adequate,
and the screenplay horrendous. It more or less fell into every trap the
film version of "Azkaban" did.I do not request that everything from the books make it into the movie.
It is impractical and much of it would slow down the pacing the
director was obviously looking for. But there were many important
events in the movie that are simply never explained. This movie has
plot holes through which you could fly a dragon. And watching the
attempts in the sequels to patch up the stuff they have messed up in
this and "Azkaban" would be interesting, if I cared to ever watch any
more movies in the series. Some other facts are either skimmed over or
given dumbed down explanations that save time now, but will be costly
in the even longer stories to come.While interpretation of books will always be debatable, I could not
help but find certain characters to be off the mark. Nobody major, just
characters like Michael Gambon's Dumbledore, and Ralph Fienne's Dark
Lord. Gambon did some things in the movie that Dumbledore from the
books would never do. And the Dark Lord seemed like a hyperactive child
instead of the calculating dignified character I expected not only from
the books, but the first movie as well. Christian Coulson in "Chamber
of Secrets" came off as more mature than Fienne's performance, and he
was portraying a teenager.It was not all bad, however. The portrayal of the young characters'
teen angst is fairly well captured, especially at the Yule Ball which
comes off with style and aplomb. It appeared that this was the
director's prized scene as it is about the only one that has any heart
to it.I can see the entertainment value for the under-8 crowd who do not care
about plot and characterization, but like seeing those flashy special
effects with which the movie hits you over the head. But as someone
with high standards like, "wanting their movie to make sense", and
"wanting the movie to stay true to the important points of the source
material", I can only say that I want my $6 back.
			
I was amazed, seeing the film. Result: It was horrible. I know the book
and in my opinion the filmers failed to bring it on the screen. That
sounds hard, but they looked only for (very good) special effects and
not on the story. Please: Next time read the book and then making a
film. Of course it was difficcult to reduce the story to filmlength,
but a lot of little things, you can easily read in the book, were
ignored or turned into something else. For people haven't read the book
it isn't better. The film is hurrying up to get all in and you have no
chance to check what's the story. Sorry that wasn't a good work. I hope
the filmers will do better with the next book. Of course it's more
difficult, because this book has more story than the goblet. Please
read it first!!!
			
IT sucked there are important parts in the book that was not in the
movie but are mentioned again in later books and need to be in there so
if you haven't read the books and have seen the movie you need to read
the book. there is nothing about Rita Skeeter being an animagus and no
house elves and the tasks are all messed up the movie is mainly just
tasks and like nothing else. Sirus is hardly in it. In my opinion it
just sucked. The beginning of the movie where they are at the Quidditch
match there aren't any veela or leprechauns and no Ludo Bagman and no
leprechaun gold no goblins and they didn't go to the top box with the
Malfoys and they didn't go to Hagrids after the last task and talk
about what Hagrid was going to do over the summer and there wasn't
anything about Kakaroff leaving or about Krum and his classmates having
to steer and nothing about Hagrid being a giant I think they should
have made two movies and released them at separate times like they were
going to do originally.
			
"Harry Potter & the Goblet of Fire" is more of the same, ie it bears no
difference at all with all previous Harry Potters. But was it an
original recipe in the first place ? Hell, no. This is basically
"Wizard of Oz" adapted for the age of Playstation, "Labyrinth" on
steroids, "Neverending Story" on a high budget and produced by Steven
Spielberg etc etc. In fact there's only one quasi-progression and that
is a large dose of generic melodrama, as our young heroes approach
teenhood and discover love. Cue dramatic strings. A meaningless and
uneventful remake of Wizards & Warriors crossed with "Gone with the
Wind" that deserves to go by unnoticed. Save your money.
			
Watch the degradation of the Harry Potter series into a reality type
show -- there's entirely too much touchy-feely emphasis; the whole
thread of the plot is disrupted. Add the heavy use of extreme close-ups
-- Good Lord, I remember Mad Magazine making fun of that, way, way
back!! After seeing another (4th?) closeup of Voldemort, I started
wondering about the biologic sense of his face -- "How can he exercise
with those nostrils?". (Okay, I was a biology major, plus I see all the
the "nose tape" openers on the NFL players) So maybe Voldemort doesn't
need air -- but the point was he was brought back to the biologically
living!!More than once choppy transitions have the watcher going "Hunh? --
though usually one can pick the thread up in the next few minutes. Not
very smooth. One should not have had to read the book to follow and
enjoy the movie; it should stand on it's own merits.The soundtrack is typical of an "epic" -- alternately blasting and then
too quiet to understand the dialog. (Think ""Bored" of the Rings"")
There were a lot of "Whaddid they say?" in the theater. I hope it was
the acoustics. I actually wonder if this episode will be better on the little screen
-- I certainly wouldn't see it again.
			
Judging from other reviews, both professional and every day Joe, I must
be the only one who did not like this movie or how the series is
progressing. I realize that they cannot put everything from the book
into the movie. /Goblet of Fire/ was an immense book and to condense it
to 2 and a half hours is a major feat. That being said, this movie did
not flow. It felt like the story was on fast forward all the time. The
movie lacks the grace of the books. It also misses the history of the
characters. Facts about Harry's parents are left out entirely in all
the movies. These facts make the character of Harry Potter such a
wonder and powerful. Being the "Boy who Lived" comes with history. THe
movies ignore it just for bigger and louder special effects. I went to
see Goblet in the hope that the new director might try to make amends
but no. I doubt I will see any of the other movies as they come out. I
will delight in the books and be first in line for the next one. I know
that JKR tends to have a rather boring "explanation" section at the end
of each of her books which does not translate, but there are ways to
incorporate this info into the movie. That is just my two cents.
			
I loved the other Harry Potter movies, I really did but this one just
left me disappointed. I went in with high hopes but they fizzled pretty
soon due to the lack of character development, plot development and
Dumbledore's atrocious accent (swinging from British to Texan all in
the same sentence!!!)The truth is, the movie seems more like a plot summary than an actual
story. There is simply no depth to it.There were wayyy too many (important!!!) details were left out and some
scenes that were very important to understanding character development
and motivation were glossed over or left out completely!!! Although I
know most of us have read the books, I'm pretty sure that the ones who
haven't? Well, they are probably *royally* confused.if you saw the other ones and you enjoy the books, it makes sense to
see this I guess (for the sake of continuity), but don't get your hopes
up. You'll enjoy it much more that way.
			
Hard to say whether this flick deserves a 4 or higher. But for a book
with 750+ pages, we should've seen this a mile away that it was going
to be a piece-meal of a film. Too bad they ditched the idea of making
an extended version. The actual story would actually benefit from the
added footage. As it is now, it skips along grabbing only the more
important aspects of the Tri-wizard Tournament, making those that read
the book, gaping in utter disgust as to how they butchered the story.
I'm sure if they added say 20-30 minutes more, it would probably have
flowed so smooth that you wouldn't have noticed that it was three hours
long.As for the acting, four films later and it still seems that the kids
are trying too hard to actually "act" than act as the kids they are
supposed to be. Dialog is forced and Daniel just seems to try too hard
or just doesn't get it.Out of the four movies, I'd say this is the worst of the book
translations. Which means the rest of the series, knowing full well
that they're tipping the 750-800+ pages we've come to love, will
probably be just as spliced as this one is.Too bad. The book rocked. The movieis typical Hollywood.
			
The first two "Harry Potter" movies were disappointing, but were still
good enough to re-watch. After seeing "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of
Azkaban", I thought that the movies were finally shaping up, and that
they would, like the third volume, take on the mood displayed in the
books. Unfortunately, I was wrong. While "Prisoner of Azkaban" was
truly a masterpiece, the fourth installment in the popular series was
horrible. The movie was cut in the most awkward places, and the
director neglected some important details. Some of the characters were
pathetic, as was the movie itself. This director changed the wise and
calm character known as Albus Dumbledore into a crazy, temperamental
old man. In the books, Dumbledore is one of my favorite characters, and
is wise, calm, thoughtful, and humorous. In this movie, he is
constantly shouting and he gives off a feeling of anger and
frustration, something which J.K. Rowling's character never does. The
newly-introduces Alastor Moody hardly fits Rowlings's description and
to top things off, they made him look even more pathetic thanks to the
ridiculous eye patch-like device conceived to hold his magical eye. His
appearance alone was nearly enough to make me want to leave...and that
was before I saw the rest of the movie! The director tried to add in
some humor. Unfortunately, added in way too much, and the end result
had me rolling my eyes and wanting the movie to go on. The bath scene
with Moaning Myrtle was simply ridiculous too. What a waste of precious
screen time. Oh, and what about the time Harry found Crouch's dead
body, ran to Dumbledore, but never mentioned it? The only part of the
movie that was done decently was the scene with Voldemort. That was
truly a success. The rest wasn't even worth seeing.
			
I left my viewing of the Latest cinematic Adaption of J.K. Rowlings,
Harry Potter series with mixed feelings, while the film overall was a
vast improvement on Alfonso Cuaron's attempt it still lacked the magic
the Rowling manages to weave in her books. As hard as it has been for
me to accept the changes that have been made to the plot I understand
that due to time restraints not everything can be included. What I'm
not willing to accept is the horrible acting I was forced to sit
through especially from Michael Gambon has the man even read the books?
Rowling gives such a detailed description of Dumbledore's personality
yet Gambon seems to struggle with the basics. Within the Books
Dumbledore comes across as a caring man who even when angered is calm,
in control and all knowing, yet Gambon's interpretation is far from the
truth he comes across as a man who is easy to anger and generally
reacts before he thinks usually with an unexpected and unnecessary
outburst, for example was bashing Harry against the wall really
necessary? It wasn't in the novel. I all I can say is I hope some where
along the line direction is as much to blame as interpretation. As for
the cast as a whole I believe only Alan Rickman and Maggie Smith can
hold their heads high everybody else tried too hard.As I mentioned in my summary the film is a improvement on the 3rd
installment but only because it followed a similar order to the book,
although I had read the 3rd book I found the film difficult to follow
due to the lack of plot flow and detail. This Film showed some respect
to the time that Rowling spent creating her world.Another concern I have is they seem to be making each film to stand on
there own, I'm finding it increasingly hard to see the connection
between the films like there is with the books. There seems to be no
consistency between the films which doesn't make sense considering
there supposed to be a series.To the fans of the series, maybe they'll get The Order of Phoenix
right. To the general movie goer enjoy a film with a huge special
effects budget but don't have high hopes if you after a good acting
performance.
			
I have put up with the massive material cuts the directors and screen
writers have insisted upon in the first three movies because most of
the Feel and Emotion of the original stories were still there. This is
not the case in Goblet of Fire.The story, as written, has been hacked up to the point that had I not
read the book, I would not have been able to make any sense out of the
movie. It moves the viewer at an Express Train pace through a
conglomeration of disjointed scenes that have almost no continuity, and
nearly no relationship to the story line in the book. Many of the main
plot points that needed to be emphasized for a proper flow of the story
line in the next two movies were not even touched upon.This is a story that needed to be made into two movies. Why anyone who
had read the book would even consider trying to cram all that material
into one movie is beyond me.. The inmates were in charge of the asylum
- and the results were chaos and a very poor movie. It's a shame,
really, because the story is pure gold - pure gold!
			
I only give the movie a 4, and its only a 4 because if the graphics and
the art of the film, nothing to do with the plot or story line. I was
very disappointed with this film. Being a HP fan, I read the book only
a week ago so I knew what was meant to happen before seeing the
movie...and the result..disappointment. The movie was rushed. they went from one scene to the next within a
matter of seconds. one second we're at the Quiditch game, the next
we're at school being told about the tri wizard. The next Cedric's dead
and voldermort is back. I felt like i was in the cinema for merely half
an hour. It did not feel like 2 and a half hours. They missed SO much important information out. And this is only
important for those ppl who have read the books (which I would say is
70% of the population of the world). I can list everything they missed
out, but I would be hear for ever! Winky, Crousch going mad, the story
of crouch's son and wife, the REAL story behind the fight between harry
and Ron, how Hermione and krum met, the truth about Neville's parents
(i believe it was mentioned but not enough for it to stick in your
mind, Ludo Bagman..oh i could go on.The only thing I found interesting about the movie is the graphics, the
dragons were great, the scenery were great, everything was great, just
the story line was rushed and missing. My advice, ppl who haven't read the book go see it, ppl who have, give
up on the movies.Question- what about the next movie? they are going to have to miss out
a HEAP of things just to cover this movie and then the next movie is
going to have the plot missing and so forth.
			
Goblet of Fire serves up a nice visual spectacle and avid followers of
the Harry Potter books probably won't be disappointed. But folks like
me who expect a well balanced cinematic meal and not just eye candy
will probably leave the theater feeling a bit empty. The plot for this
latest installment might have been adequate enough if this was a 60
minute TV episode but it's wafer thin at over two and a half hours.
Wholesale chunks of the movie could have been cut out (such as the
school dance business) and nobody would miss them except the fans.
Fortunately for the film makers there are more than enough readers to
guarantee a healthy box office return.
			
I was really excited to see Goblet of Fire, but this movie really lets
you down! There were good parts in it, but it felt like you were
watching a cut and paste movie--it skipped around so much that by the
end of the movie, you let with that feeling of, "was that it? what
happened?" And the answers are, "Yes" and "Nothing really did happen"
At least in the other movies, they can stand alone, they don't
reference another movie to follow--that is all this movie is, a fluffer
to the next one. Hopefully, when they release it out onto DVD, they
will do something a special edition (similar to what they did with Lord
of the Rings)to fill in some of the glaringly large gaps that are
present.
			
There are already too many reviews of Harry Potter and the goblet of
fire; however, I cannot pass the opportunity to express my
disappointment with this last installment, script and director.The fourth Harry Potters book is probably the most complex and
important of the series. It completes the setup, started on the
"Prisoner of Azkaban" which was the best adaptation yet of the series."Goblet of fire" is a rather difficult book. It is not kid oriented at
all. Hard matters like racism, government totalitarism, youth rebeldy
and adult distrust are treated far from light all over the book.
Something that continues even harder in "Order of Phoenix".Mike Newel, a romantic comedy creator, was in my opinion the worst
selection for this one. He could probably be able to handle the first
lighter installments but this one was a job for Cuaron or probably Tim
Burton. This is far from his league and it shows.Newel / producers decided to make a "Politically correct movie".
Subjects of racism and fascism together with government corruption and
bureaucracy are nowhere to be seen here. The strong riot in the
"Quidditch World Cup" are gone, just a brief look of burned tents. The
alteration of the news by a selfish reporter is barely seen and more as
comic matter than the prejudice caused to everybody. Even the end has
been lightened as much as possible (it is a miracle they did not change
it at all).What is still there of course are the usual Hollywood blockbuster
things. Very simple story, lots of action / digital effects (not too
good, my 9 years old nephew said that the movie was "too digital").Still, my biggest disappointment was J. K. Rowlings has become so money
desperate to allow the slaughter of one of her best novels.Beware, the Harry Potter's series is really a literature classic. It is
one of few books I ever read that span imagination while TEACHING
DIFFICULT SUBJECTS that parents have difficult to touch.I want the whole series made movies as everybody else, but perhaps it
is time to say enough. Literature is art, and a couple of
"functionaries" do not have the right to destroy art to fulfill their
commercial needs.
			
I'll be brief. I did not enjoy sitting through this movie. While
fantasy films are fun for me, there are some things about this film
that got to me:- laden with sexual themes / love that did not relate to the main plot
so much as they were to goad it for girls, they didn't even really
build upon the relationships in the past HP movies - you perhaps expect
to see Harry become something more of a wizard but instead he just
stumbles through everything as usual, not really using his noodle -
magic can be used to solve any problem, there are no constraints around
it whatsoever, all it takes is asking someone or searching through a
library and then you suddenly have the ability to defeat any situation.
this might satisfy kids but someone looking for a plot will be
disappointed - some of the settings were outlandish, even for fantasy.
The Graveyard dripped Goth stereotype. - CG still has to come a long
way before it becomes convincingly realistic, so it should be used
sparingly, but it isn't in this movie - the climax wasn't so obvious as
it was just dumb. The warlock was either evil or an impostor of the
real guy, you knew it had to be either one. How many times did they
have to show him drinking that potion? - The acting of everyone in the
movie was 'forced'. By that I mean it was not natural, but this is a
problem with all of the Harry Potter movies (except for the original
Dumbledore). - They aren't trying very hard to make fantasy creatures
look cool anymore. Those sea people were just...ugh. The dragons
weren't so grand either. - The invasion of Voldimorte's (a
clich-sounding goth name) forces at the start made little to no sense,
and happened pretty damn soon. What was the deal with that skull and
snake in the sky? I'm not looking for a thematic explanation so much as
a 'why they even bothered putting it in the story'.Well, that's as brief as I can get. If you like the Harry Potter series
you'll want to see this just for the heck of it. If not, don't
bother...
			
I have not read any of the books.For me, the movies have gotten progressively worse, and that trend
unfortunately continues with Goblet of Fire.While not wholly unentertaining, I really felt like this time "they"
finally decided if you didn't read the book, "they" really don't care
if you like the movie.The most treacherous "event" was the first one, with the other two tame
by comparison, though again, from what I am told, the detail in the
book makes this comment untrue.The entire beginnings of relationships between the kids felt forced and
more like a waste of time than anything that will actually lead to
something in some future movie.Is it just me or does Dumbledore look like he is shrinking? The final
fight with Voldemort was not bad actually, but should have happened a
half hour earlier. This movie could have been cut even more to make it
more interesting. Or it should have been a 2 parter, to make it
coherent.Unfortunately, I am now not looking forward to the next installment. A
shame, I really started off liking these movies.ALSO, as something that needs to be said, I saw this movie at 8:30pm. 5
commercials and 6 previews before a 2.5 hour movie is simply
horrifying, and to make matters worse, especially at 8:30pm, all except
on of the previews was for a children's movie. This, plus uncomfortable
seats and temperature controlled by someone who must like equatorial
temperatures CONTINUES the terrible trend of movie theaters simply
trying to put themselves OUT of business.
			
I've seen this movie only about 5 hours ago and it's not really what ?I
expected. I would have thought the movie to be more
"descriptive"...unfortunately it wasn't. It was a good movie just to
say, but just reading out the book this summer it has caught my
attention that every seen was not depicted clearly. In the book they
talked about how Barty Crouch was going insane and HArry left Victor
Krum with him to go meet Dumbledore to help...however this was not
shown and somehow no one (who maybe never read the book) would know
what happened to Mr. Crouch. Also I remember reading about how BArty
Crouch Jr. escaped from Askaban with his mother drinking polyjuice and
exchanging places with him and she going to Askaban for him. I don't
remember seeing that and somewhat the movie scenes were unclear. As I
said again...no one shows how Mr. Crouch Junior got out of Azcaban or
where or what happens to Barty Crouch.I know that Goblet of Fire was one of the most demanding series,
especially as it has been making for about 2 years since the last
movie. I really respect it was a good movie but the important parts
which I wanted to see was cut out of this tremendous 'could-have-been'
movie.I sincerely am sorry if anyone felt obligated by my comments and as I
said it was a good movie. I do hope in Order of the Pheonix it has all
the pieces and parts because that was a really good book. I encourage
ne one to see the movie but I am just telling you how i felt.Maybe It was because went 1,2,3 had come out I had read the books
months before so I didn't remember the whole thing to comment on and
say it wasn't with all the scenes. However I read the book this summer
so it's totally fresh in my mind! Thank You...
			
I was seriously disappointed in the third Harry Potter (HP) movie. Ik
lacked a good plot, the book was ruined and the acting wasn't much
better. On the other hand, if unlike me, you don't consider the books
to be sacred you could have a lot of fun watching it.The same goes in an even bigger way for this fourth movie. Personally I
hate it, I think it's the worst book movie in all of history, and it's
the worst movie I've seen in years. It annoyed me, the movie completely
ruined a great book, the plot was gone, it was going way to fast, ah
well, I could go on for hours. Suffice it to say that if you're like me
a die hard fan of the books you probably won't like this movie because
it isn't the book.On the other hand, if you're not a die hard fan and you just like HP
you probably will have a wonderful time with the movie. It has comedy,
drama, action and romance. It has a fast plot to keep you on the edge
of your seat and nice visual effects.The problem with the movie is not in the acting or anything, the
problem is that some great events from the book are not in the movie.
Sorry to say this, but for everyone hoping for a spectacular finale of
the Quidditch World Championships, forget it, you never get to see the
match. This was the first disappointment and at that time I knew I was
not going to like the movie and I didn't. I laughed at times of course,
but I couldn't fully enjoy the movie because so much was twisted in a
bad way in comparison to the book and even major characters left out
and major events changed. And that really saddened me.In short, if you loved the books, read them till the cover came off
don't go watch it in the cinema. If you've only seen the movies or
weren't such a fan of the books you'll have a wonderful time with this
movie.
			
This movie left so much of the back story out and it failed to live up
to the hype the other movies created, I wish I would have waited to see
this movie when it came to the Dollar Movies (.75 a person for the
first showing). The movie opens with Harry's reoccurring dream, scar
burning he wakes to Hermione's Voice. They Take the port key, To the
world cup, where they left out the entire match if you didn't read the
book you would not know who had won. This movie just got more and more
disappointing as it went on. My advice to harry potter fans is wait to
see the movie when you can rent it or if there is a dollar movie in
your town, seeing this movie then would be a great way to spend an
afternoon.
			
Let me start out by saying that I am a big fan of the Harry Potter
series of books, and also that I have very much enjoyed the three
previous installments of this series. That said, this movie was quite a
disappointment.The visual aspect of the movie is quite wonderful. The effects are
leaps and bounds better than those in the previous ones (the flying
scenes look nearly authentic, especially when compared with the
quidditch match in the first film).The acting was not as good as I had come to expect from the regulars in
the Harry Potter series, and the casting for installment specific roles
was sorely lacking.The major complaint I have about this film is the disjointed nature of
its story and character development. Admittedly fitting a 734 page book
(hardcover) into a 157 minute movie is a near impossible task, but the
storyline was helter-skelter, with giant character and story leaps
becoming apparent only after they happened and then with no
explanation.Overall the film was a disappointment, especially when compared with
the three films preceding it. Die-hard fans will see it; and casual
ones should also, but only once. It's just good enough to carry the
viewer on to the next installment, nothing more.
			
If you were to ask me exactly what I think of this series so far I
would say "It has good stuff in it but on the whole, the only one I
liked was number three". The first one was okay for what it was trying
to do. Did I like it? No, but then again I can see very clearly why
people enjoy it. The second one I think was really dragging things in
terms of pacing, I could not get involved with anything. This one is
kind of like what would happen if you took most of the elements of
Prisoner Of Askaban but put a bad story (This is entirely opinion
based!) over the top of it.Okay, Harry, Hermione and The Weasleys are at The Quiddich World Cup
and it is attacked by Voldermort followers (which are named Death
Eaters, I'm just going to call them Voldermort followers) and at school
Dumbledore announces that there will be the unity of three schools in
order to compete in a tournament and nobody under 17 is allowed. On the
night of it being decided by a flaming goblet there is a fourth name
that got picked, Harry Potter. He must survive the three tasks of the
tournament and the teachers must find the connection between Potter
competing and the attack by the Voldermort followers.Okay onto what I don't like. I mentioned in my Chamber Of Secrets
review that a full half hour was dedicated to render that amount of
time pointless - Here it happens again. This time with a ball, I mean
if it was made to get to know some more of the characters competing or
from the other schools (which I wouldn't have minded) then I would
enjoy this movie a little bit more.Then there's the stupidity of it. Why should Harry continue on with
competing in the tournament if he's underage? (I know they explain it
but... Did anyone really accept that as the reason why?) If the
tournament is about the unity of the magical community (or to put it
better - making friends) then why is the only thing close to ever
seeing this is at the ball? Why would three (or in this case four)
teenagers risking their lives bring people together? Why is it when
Harry is asked about his skills by Mad-Eye Moody he has to think about
it (He outwitted killed a giant snake with a sword when he was 12)?
What happened with Barty Crouch Jr inbetween him getting put in Askaban
and him reappearing in the movie? There are more but I better draw the
line somewhere.Okay onto the good things, The last third. When they were inside the
maze does hold a little suspense and the climax of the movie and the
scenes afterwards are done well. I would also say some of the acting is
okay (I say some because I'm still not warming up to Michael Gambon as
Dumbledore, that and there are the fair share of under-actors and
over-actors).So do I think it's worth seeing? No. I just think there are a few
things in this movie that I really didn't like. I guess if you're a fan
you'll enjoy this and like with the others I can see why. With all
these movies (except Prisoner Of Askaban) I just feel that there is a
movie that I may like trying to get out. As I said if you're a fan -
I'd suggest you watch it, me? I feel that this will be another one I'll
skip.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was, before I realized just how bad
this franchise is, the turning point in my thoughts towards the
franchise. I thought that this was the last of the "good" Potter films.
The last two films improved on the shitty original and they set my
expectations a little higher than they would be, but does the fourth
movie in this overrated franchise live up to those expectations, or
does it suck more than the Deathly Hallows Part 1 (a movie that I think
redefined what I view as a "bad" movie)? On to the Story, things get to a weird start with an old man noticing
that a light is on in a building. Frustrated for some reason (maybe it
was trespassing or something) he goes into the building where he
overhears Voldemort talking with Peter Pettigrew and some random man
whose name I don't know. Already there is one big problem, how is
Voldemort sitting in the chair if he is supposed to be dead? Last time
he was seen he was in teenage form because of his diary, and before
that he was on the back of a professor's head, so how the **** did he
become the way he is? Who brought him back? When? I'm only 4 minutes in
and I'm confused, god this movie's going to suck! Harry awakens because
of Hermione, who soon wakes up Ron as well. What is Harry doing at
Ron's house? I am happy that we don't see the Dursley's but still, they
are his relatives. Harry desperately needs a haircut; in fact, everyone
needs a haircut. So Harry and friends gather around a portkey, which
teleports them to the Quidditch World Cup, oh boy, the dumbest sport
ever conceived and I'm watching the championship games.yay? But then,
they are suddenly forced to leave as the festival is being attacked
bywho are these guys anyway? After Harry and friends are attacked they
are on their way to Hogwarts, which has been chosen to hold the
Tri-Wizard Tournament, a particularly dangerous series of events which
Harry somehow finds himself to be a part of. Joining him and Cedric
Diggory (played by Robert Pattinson of Twilight fame) are girls from
some school from where no one knows or gives a ****, and the Bulgarian
students form the north, but to be honest these guys are so obviously
Russians, they wear the hats and look like Russians so it's fairly
simple to say they are Russians. We are also introduced to Mad-Eye
Moody, who saves the students from the horrors of the fake lighting
over head.So we get to Round 1: Harry must get a golden egg protected by a
dragon. Of course Harry gets the egg but to everyone's surprise the egg
emits a painfully loud screeching sound whenever the egg is opened.Now we get what must be in every movie with teenagers as the main
characters, a dance. These scenes are kind of funny and I will admit
the scenes are at least a nice gentle rest until the next action-packed
round of the tournament. Harry and Ron have trouble getting dates for
the dance (no surprise there, these guys are completely unlikeable),
but not Hermione, who is going with Victor Krum. At the actual dance
Harry and Ron both show up with their respective dates and as expected,
it's awkward beyond belief. Well I would comment on how this scene is
uncomfortable to watch but I'll be lying if it's probably an accurate
representation of how I would be if in a similar situation. Then we're
given..bad rock music. The scene transforms from what a traditional
dance would look like into a rave party complete with jumping,
screaming, and lots of hands being thrown up into the air. Harry and
Ron do what I would do, sit down and not do crap. Ron and Hermione
bicker like a married couple (how appropriate) and the scene just sort
of stops. It cuts from Hermione crying on the steps to another dream of
Harry's.Round two of the tournament: the participants must dive down underwater
and retrieve something that was stolen from them the previous night.
Neville gives Harry some weird plant-thing that allows him to breathe
underwater, but while underwater the participants are attacked by
mermaids. At least they would be attacked by the aforementioned
mermaids if they did anything other than float there and do nothing.
Since Harry saved two people he is given extra points and moves on to
the next round. And so we come to the final round of the tournament; the participants
must go through a hedge maze and reach the trophy in the center to win,
it doesn't help that this maze comes alive and will kill you if given
the chance.There is more to go one about the movie but I wanted to get the notion
across that this is a awful movie! It is stupid, boring, its too long,
annoying, boring (it counts twice!) and the movie is just a mess. I
really wished to have one more "decent" Harry Potter movie before
things got really bad but no, I was asking for too much.
			
I have never been fully satisfied with how the Harry Potter books have
been brought to the big screen, but this certainly left the most to be
desired. It's a pitiful attempt of transferring possibly the best book
in the series into to cinema form, with terrible screenplay which
leaves out vast chunks of the story. Unless you have read the books you
just cant grasp the amount left out. Showed great promise in parts but
simply failed to deliver. Pros: Voldemort and his death eaters were
just as I imagined. Really like the snake look of Voldemort. The Dragon
Task, very tense when harry slips down the roof is very tense The
Special Effects in the Film (e.g. the Quidditch World Cup Stadium)
Rupert Grint who I think is perfect as Ron. Funniest part in the movie
is when he dances with Maggie Smith(Professor McGonagall) The way that
everyone is against Harry, Potter Stinks etc Cons: Missing out the
action in the Quidditch World Cup final, was possibly the aspect I was
most looking forward too. The amount of context cut out from the film,
the house elf's in the kitchen etc. Sirius, or more the lack of him.
Very minor role in the film, makes his passing in the next film not
really matter.In the book Harry relies heavily on Sirius to pull him
through the Tournament. He is probably the living person harry loves
most in the books.I just think it's a shame how Rowling's work has been executed so
poorly in comparison to the way Jackson directed the Lord Of The Rings.
She and the books deserve better.
			
I read so many positive comments that I was really looking forward to
seeing this one. What a disappointment.The thing you hear the most is that it is a 'dark' movie. Yeah, it was,
too dark. I prefer to see what is happening. Yes, I know, I'm just
playing word games. Next time, they should turn on some lights.And, yes I understand that some things need to be cut or adjusted for
the sake of time and flow ... unfortunately the changes they made were
just terrible.And, finally, I wasn't thrilled about the casting. With the exception
of Brendan Gleeson, the new characters were just not up to what I would
have hoped, and a few of the returning characters were very weak here
too.All things considered, I think this one was the worst of the HP movies.
At least we have a new writer and director for "Phoenix" (the worst of
the books). Maybe they can pull that one out.
			
I am an avid reader of the Harry Potter series, and I found this movie
EXTREMELY disappointing. In my opinion, it was nothing like the book.
Like the others, they always put stupid stuff in that wasn't in the
book and take out important or interesting things that are. I was
severely disappointed when Mr. Columbus didn't direct after the first
two since his were MUCH closer to the book than this one and the third
one. My advice is to rent it if you haven't seen it yet and buy it when
it comes out if A) you are a fan of either the books or the movies or
B) like to watch good actors playing good characters being portrayed as
idiots. I feel terribly for Ms. Rowling having to see her books
massacred like that.
			
The plot is as good as in the other movies, since it is based on the
book. However, I wonder what was the director thinking? Several
important facts of the book are missing, while other scened that are
only briefly or not mentioned at all in the book are played. The movies
seems to be made of several short scenes, that for someone that never
read the book do not make any sense at all. It is understandable that
lots of cuts had to be made to fit such a large book in only one
movie... but they could at least have tried to create a movie in which
there was a clear connection between the scenes and accessible for
everyone(not only to those that read the book). In conclusion: very
disappointing and illogical!
			
As as been mentioned in other reviews, Emma Watson overreacts while
having normal conversations. Her acting in the Yule ball was awful.
Rupert Grint has trouble speaking, his voice is really squeaky, and you
can barely make out what he is saying. The acting was redeemed by the older actors who knew what they were
doing, such as Maggie Smith (Macgonagall) and Alan Rickman (Snape).
This is with the exception of Micheal Gambon (Dumbledore) who is
portrayed as using violence against the students. This is not how the
character is meant to be, he is meant to be a source of comfort to
Harry like a parent would be, he is also supposed to guide Harry subtly
through the different tasks. This was a disappointing discovery to
make. However their parts were too small. There wasn't much humour as there is in the books. This was also
disappointing.
			
Any spoiler is pretty limited, but I'm keeping safe! I hadn't bothered
watching Harry Potter films or reading the books until I had nothing
better to do on Saturday night (the Real Madrid v Barcelona football
match had just finished...3-0 Barcelona, who were absolutely brilliant)
and some friends got me to go and see this one.You'll probably have guessed that I had certain preconceptions about
the whole Harry Potter thing. I really like good fantasy - I'm a
massive fan of Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings films, but I'm afraid
that I really can't understand how this can be thought of as being a
remotely great film or anything remotely resembling a masterpiece.My understanding of Harry Potter to date has been that each story has
relied upon Harry being a reluctant hero who receives a call to action
in the mould that Joseph Campbell outlined in Hero with a Thousand
Faces. Nothing wrong with that...it was the plot device that gave us
Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars film (which is, I think, a
masterpiece). However, in this film (and I would presume the source
novel) the device's use is just too contrived and weakly executed -
particularly when Harry is already an established hero to his legion of
fans.The film itself seems also to struggle to fit the whole novel into its
runtime. Even as someone who hasn't read the novel, it appears that
sections may be missing, or too condensed. A thriller sub-plot that is
only really touched upon throughout, transpires to be the crux of the
film. And that is the real shame of this movie - a reasonably adult
plot that children could appreciate is sacrificed in favour of easy
options throughout.Then there's the way that the film hangs together. It jumps around as
if aimed at children whose supply of Ritalin has run out and produces
unexplained statements as if from nowhere at a number of junctures. It
has the cluttered "I'm going to save this fiasco by making it purely a
kids film" feel of Star Wars Episode I.The only way I can really sum it up, however, is to say that it is a
ham-fisted combination of The Lord of the Rings, The Chronicles of
Narnia and The Worst Witch that seems like it was both plotted and
scripted by Enid Blyton, working on a bad day...whilst hungover.The only masterpieces that I saw on Saturday night were the two goals
that Ronaldinho scored for Barcelona.
			
What was Mike Newell thinking when he turned down the original idea of
having two long films for this book? This one, despite its wonderful
performances by Gleeson and Fiennes and yes, at last, even Radcliffe,
is a dismal failure. And it's all at the feet of the director who chose
to leave out many scenes which were important to the next book, and a
few that were important even to this one.Further, for the first half of the film, Newell either allowed or
directed Gambon to read his lines as a harsh Dumbledore - which is
totally out of character.Mike Newell - shame on you. We could have had something magnificent.
You chose to do the easy thing, instead of the right one.
			
The fourth movie in the Harry Potter series does not do the book
justice at all. The story lines/scenes within the movie seem rushed and
never allow the plot to fully develop. Although it is completely
understandable that a 700+ page book needs to be condensed in order to
fit it into a watchable movie, there are certain plot points and
characters that could have been included without lengthening the movie.
I don't think that the series will be able to successfully progress
without the explanation of certain key points - future story lines may
just stop because there is not a background for them.Key complaints include: characters are introduced and then forgotten
about without much of an explanation, main characters were not
accurately portrayed, and scenes were extended past what was in the
book.Although a true fan will not be able to stay away from the theatre, set
your expectations low, and see a matine to save some money.
			
To start, I will admit I am a bit of a purist. This harry potty movie
is very thin, and loosely based on the book. The movie seriously lacks
any dialog, character development, or for that matter, plot matter that
was originally in the book. Just about the only plots that weren't
chopped out were the tri-wizard tournament and Harry's confrontation
with Voldemort. Virtually everything else was eliminated or changed to
fit this hacked rendition. Even the tournament lacked the essence
portrayed in the book, as if it were just another everyday event in the
life of Hogwarts. Several characters are missing, and character
personalities are changed to fit the new story. If you are looking for
a movie about the original story, this movie isn't it. If you are just
looking for another blah action thriller with poor acting, zero dialog,
and very little point, this is your movie.
			
Obviously the movie was filled with great visuals and all the
characters we have grown to enjoy and grow with, but I felt that at
best, this movie was only adequate to the task of portraying the story.The book is big, and complex. The movie ends up showing and leaving
open so many loose, untied ends that I walked out at the end wondering
what I had seen. Not that the movie was bad, but without the
familiarity of having read the story I would have been lost, and with
the familiarity I was wondering where the story went.The characters did a good job. Moody was pretty close, but I keep
getting disappointed in Dumbledore. He is truly the wizard most capable
of having power equal to Voldermort, but since Harris passed away, he
doesn't appear to have that air of always being in control and knowing
what is going on, even when confusion and concern are rampant. I don't
think he would ever grab and shake Harry as he did in one scene and I
didn't like it.The movie was just to jumbled. Throws you into the World Quidditch
Tournament, then this quick Death Eater thing and then into the
Tri-Wizard Tournamanet and you know that there are gaping holes that
unless you are familiar with the book, just can't be filled and even
then its murky.I'd rather see something 3 hours long that delves more into the story
than some hatchet job, even if well intentioned.
			
Sorry folks - I just don't understand all the "gushing" over this one.While a lot of the JKR novel was bloated, the narrative in this film
was so compacted and economized I think it lost some of the great
textures and backgrounds that drove the earlier films.I waited in line from 4pm for the 9:40pm showing - so I really wanted
to love it, but I and my friends found it very disappointing. More
slick and vacant a film than presented by the Potter team heretofore.
(The film must be totally incomprehensible to someone who has not read
the book.) Voldemort was laughable - seemingly inspired by Max Schreck
in "Nosferatu" - but this now earthbound Voldy didn't even come close
to being as eerie, ominous and menacing as Max in that 1922 silent film
- even with all the expen$I've and gee-wiz SPFX. It was as
disappointing a "reveal" of a movie villain as when Lucas pulled off
Darth Vadar's mask and presented us with the cinematic equivalent of a
wizened "Uncle Fester" beneath. That's "what" we (& Harry & Co.) have
been afraid off all this time?! Sing its praises if you must, for me it
gives great concerns with the next one which was even dicey in book
form. If director Alexander MacKendrick was still alive, he probably
could pull it off - but I don't think this fellow will if he is given
the assignment base on all the puff expressed here.
			
Adapting such a large book into one movie must have been difficult, but
I think it could have been much better. The Tournament and Harry and
Ron fighting pretty much filled the entire movie. Narrative structure
was missing; I would never anticipate or understand the ending if I
hadn't read the books. Also a lot of weird directorial decisions; some
shots were so dark it was difficult to tell which character was which.
Also confusing was why every scene with Hermione and Harry seemed shot
to make it seem like Hermione is in love with Harry, which readers
should dispute. I was also confused by some sexual comments, which are
not part of the book. Hogwarts seemed more like a high school with
magic wands than a wizarding school. Overall I was disappointed by how
much of the story was missing and more by how the spirit of the story
was missing.
			
I was disappointed by the movie. I think that Warner Brother should
have invested a little more time, money and efforts. Special effects
were poor to say the least. The actor playing Dumbledor is not well
suited for the role or badly directed. Professor Moody's makeup and
costume makes him look kind of cheap. The castle's design was really
impressive in the 3 first movies; in this one it looks dull. The
arrival of the chariot and boat of the other schools is really not
impressive. Important scenes are missing, for example, it would have
been really enjoyable to see each participant's fight against the
dragons. With a better script and high quality special effects, Harry's
fight against the dragon could have been a really great scene. I left
the theater thinking Warner Brother wanted a maximum profit with
minimal investment.
			
If you did not read the book, there is no way you will understand
what's going on during the movie. I think the director made the
assumption that everyone has read the book, and therefore left out
explanations of why some things happened. I mean I understand he can't
include everything from the book, but he left out some pretty
significant parts, like the house elves, Ludo Bagman, etc... And when
the director strayed away from the book, he created scenes and dialogue
that weren't very good at all. And none of the scenes were very
effective because I don't think any of them were longer than 5 minutes
except for maybe the dragon scene. I definitely think that this book
should have been split up into two movies, and I hope that is what they
do with the next book.
			
Cute and watchable at times but for the most part, this left me feeling
like the whole thing was just phoned in from wherever... Adult
characters far out acted the "stars" who had some moments. I think
better editing and a little more substance to the script could have
made a huge difference in how well this picture played.None of the dialog felt authenticated. Details seemed gratuitously
STUFFED-in by a focus group and not by an artist. Everything felt like
it was cut for time, not timing! A shot near, the beginning, of Harry's amazement at (what I thought to
be) the last thing that would ever amaze a guy that's seen what we know
Harry's seen, was probably the biggest gaff I ever saw in a movie. It
certainly didn't strike anyone else as unusual. Why Harry? Even I saw
it coming a mile away. This movie was a coming of age story and the acting in the related
scenes was as awkward as the situation was supposed to be, and I didn't
mean that in a good way.The big contest (which I assume came from one of the books) had no
basis in the ethics it was hypocritically attempting to preach.Then the ending came along with an anticlimax "take it home parade"
shot worthy of a TV series and we got to leave...I'm glad I saw Zathura afterward and, actually, wished I had skipped
the "appetizer"...P.S. Having written this before reading many of the other comments, I
am actually aghast to realize that this movie represents a whole school
year...! Sure, many of you will say "Well of course it does, you
idiot!", but there was no indication, production-wise that this was not
some aside special event. I didn't get a clue from all the rushed
scenes that any more than a couple days passed because the production
had absolutely no respect for any part of the story or communicating
such trivial details as time passing.I can't believe how many reviews I've seen that claim this to be the
best yet...!!! I can NOT believe that these are not Ringer reviews to
just to prevent the box office from tanking! The more I think about
what I saw and to find that so much of the story was completely
bastardized, the more I regret this waste of my time...
			
While the Harry Potter series may be best-selling books, the movies
made about the series are not nearly as good as they ought to be. The
first few movies were alright at best, and with reason. The three
previous movies all had things in common with the books; all three were
relatively short. The fourth (Goblet of Fire) was quite a bit longer
than the other three leading to serious film-making problems. Even with
the movie being over two hours long, so much was left out from the book
that the story line was compromised. Fellow moviegoers that had not
touched a copy of the book had no idea about what was going on in the
plot. The plot was further compromised by added scenes which barely
pulled the movie out of the gutter with comedy. Not only will I not
recommend this movie to other people, but I will advise people against
spending entirely too much money on a movie that relies on the book
it's based on to promote itself.
			
I just saw the movie "Goblet of Fire" last night. It was not very good.I think that JK has brilliantly developed her story into a rich and
complete tale that reflects the maturation and development of her core
audience. Many children have grown up just as Harry and his friends
have in the last eight years. Younger fans' capacity for more intricate
stories, and more complete, deeper, and complex characters and
interactions has been fed in a perfect way. If JK had started with a
story like "Phoenix" or "Half Blood Prince", I do not think that she
could have achieved such a high level of popularity. She started
slowly, and simply. With a world that was quite clearly black and
white. Now, characters, very much, explore the shades of grey that
signal more a challenging story, open to more plots twists and
intricacies. That being said, I think that the director relied too much on the WOW
factor of special effects that did nothing to compliment the characters
that JK has developed: A prolonged Dragon Fight. He felt the need to
add his own "entertainment" value which did nothing to add to the
story: McGonagall's dance instruction class. And he ignored significant
story resolution which affects future stories. So much so, in fact,
that I wonder if he even understands where the story needs to go: Rita
Skeeter and the resolution of her antagonism is practically ignored,
but pretty important in "Phoenix". All in all, I think that Mike Newell
has left the franchise in a sorry state. It seemed to me that there was
a glaring lack of dialogue, and hence, character development. I can
only hope that there will eventually be a "Director's Cut" with an
extra hour, or so, of movie.Whatever the case, I did enjoy the movie, for what it was, but knowing
that there is so much more to come, I can't help but feel that this
movie is lacking in several areas and have problems visualizing how the
rest of the series is going to develop after being handicapped by this
piece of rubbish. It goes to show you that, in a project like this,
consistency needs to be present in the pivotal position of the
director. There needs to be a vision to see the project through to
completion. Not just a "fill-in" to tell the story that lies between
the covers of one book, but instead a deeper understanding of where the
story is going, what the significant events are, who the characters are
becoming, and why the fans are so ravenous about the franchise. Peter
Jackson did it with the Fellowship Trilogy. But this series is in
jeopardy with a sloppy telling of "The Goblet of Fire".
			
OK, I have not read the books. I have seen the first three films. I
have no idea why everyone is saying "this is the best yet". I literally
had to fight falling asleep during the first 2/3 of the film. Now,
granted, if you are a huge Potter fan and if you just can't get enough
of seeing the little darlings on the screen with no plot, dynamics or
emotion, then this is the film for you. In an attempt to make the film
more "adult" or "real" the first 20 minutes is filmed very very
dark...darn near maddenly underexposed. Special effects and yada yada
are all first class, which is what we would expect. But, hey, what
about a compelling story line? That would definitely help out the
effort.
			
I went to see Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire this morning and was
very disappointed. What there was of the book that made it into the
book was excellent. The movie bears very little resemblance to the
book. The 3 tri-wizard tasks were featured to the exclusion of almost
all else. The house elf line in the story was left out altogether.
There is a brief scene or two at the world quidditch championship but
for the most part the early chapters are pretty much ignored. This
movie would have been much better had it been 4 hours and included most
of the important stuff from the book rather than leave it out and
making the movie a hollow shell of the book. Save your movie watch it
on DVD.
			
no dursley's, no bugs, no elves, no history, no quidditch...this movie
is far from what i expected to see.but i think i figured out what this movie was truly missing. apparently
it was chosen that this chapter of the movies was going to an
action/adventure, whereas the book was more of a revelations piece.
throughout the novel, we learned much more history and mystery of
hogwarts and many other characters involved in the plot. this movie
seemed to bypass all of the important information and display only a
series of special effects.plus the movie took special effects too far. nothing flickering on the
screen was close to how my imagination (influenced by years 1-3)
portrayed the scenery in the book. and as far as realism can go in the
magic world, well, this film has some truly unrealistic moments that
were clearly altered from the novel simply for a more glamorous effect.
			
This is the film I was worried that "The Two Towers" was going to be.
Amazingly long, overdrawn at the drama bank and without a parcel of
sense in the pacing department, this film hobbles along on the crutch
of great visual effects, and its name brand.Once again, great actors and actresses trot out to play hackneyed
scripting of dull characters. Once again all characters threatening to
be worthwhile are completely ignored.And once again, Harry is dull as a brick....A very worn brick shaped like a cricket ball....Which has been named Professor of Dullness at Oxford University.The lack of personal spirit placed into this project by the creators is
completely evident. It is a sorry follow up to the promising third
installment, and a cheap substitute for lovers of the book.Harry Potter is, after all, a character who needs much help being
interesting on-screen. In the books, we put up with him because his
plot-contrived existence does not smart so much. But up on screen, his
striving for mediocrity is hard to ignore. My wife put it best when she
said that Potter is not a heroic figure, making the best of his
opportunities, but a rather motley, self-indulgent bore, whose response
to most situations is "oh, crap--I've spilled power all over myself;
what should I do with it?" Avoid this film if the nerds in your life
will let you.
			
First, let me say I understand that it is impossible to make any book
into a movie without bending the storyline(s) and/or reducing subplots.
This is especially true for books as complex as the Harry Potter
series, and I think the director -or whoever makes those decisions- did
a fairly good job stripping the "Goblet of Fire".My complaints about this movie are not that the Dursley and Weasley
family scenes were left out or that Crouch's son appeared in Harry's
dream. I neither missed Winky, Dobby or S.P.E.W., nor the conversations
between Snape and Karkaroff, nor Ludo Bagman or even Sirius (to name
just a few). However, here are some of my peeves:I disliked the movie because it: generally sacrificed character
interaction and development for CGI action scenes; dragged things out
to the point where they became boring (Harry getting chased by the
dragon) or annoying (the prefects' bathroom scene); added completely
unnecessary scenes (the performances by the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang
students or Neville's outburst at the lake); and made any interaction
between the sexes look awkward, embarrassing, or ridiculous.I disliked the movie because it portrayed Dumbledore as a raving
lunatic; turned the miserable, mean squib Argus Filch into the plucky
comic relief guy; and made Minerva McDonagall a dance instructor - to
give just a few examples. Last but not least I disliked the movie for its bad colors and
lighting. Come on, people, it is not the absence of light that makes a
movie "dark", it is the content!
			
Was it the length? Maybe. The special effects? Perhaps. But let's not
worry about my headache now. Let's focus instead on the all new,
one-and-only Harry Potter Four the Movie.Where to begin? Haow about I start with the first bad thought that
popped into my head upon viewing this disgrace: this is going way too
fast.At the beginning of the story, J.K. Rowling takes, what, 70 pages
to describe the World Cup? while the movie World Cup takes all of
twenty minutes.Then there're the leave-outs. No explanations. No real Sirius. No
Lupin. No sphinxes. No dementors. No Her-mo-ninny. It's a crime against
humanity, it is. Because I LIKE the dementors (I'm morbid and insane
like that). And at this rate, the movie series will be so choppy and
lacking in explanation that those without background support from the
books will be left scratching their heads.They needed to remove the Dursleys and Molly Weasly due to time
restrictions. Riiiight. Half the time Harry spent rolling around on the
floor, trying to avoid computerized lights, could have been used to
develop (or just include) the characters. But noooo. Gotta have those
blinding special effects. Without them, the movie is nothing.As the credits flew across the screen, some clapped, but I was left
muttering "well that was a rip-off." If you have any chance of
salvation, then I beg you to spare yourself this utter package of
excruciation. If you are as pathetic as I and reading this review has
just peaked your curiosity, bring sunglasses and a pillow to the movie.
And if you would like to see it but can wait, save your
three-and-a-half hours for Blockbuster and use the money to see Corpse
Bride instead.
			
After hearing and reading from so many places about this being the best
and most exciting Harry Potter movie so far, this was a major
disappointment.Being a movie that was hopefully meant for children from 5 to 8 years
old and the fact that it's a Harry Potter movie, it may be excused that
the movie was somewhat foreseeable, but why oh why was it so long. By
cutting off material that didn't seem to have anything to do with the
plot movie would have been a short subject but so much better. There is
a ballroom dance scene that lasts for hours, or at least feels like it,
without anything to do with the story. It seems there is an enormous
amount of material that has put into the movie just to make it longer.
The movie is also filled with annoyances and things that just didn't
make any sense. One of the things in particular is the "you'll stand
alone"-speech about the TriWizard tournament. Because of it Harry seems
like a cheater. He is helped by half of Hogwarts for every challenge,
never mind the fair-play and try telling your kids not to cheat on
exams after this. And why are all the people always gathered to cheer
and watch these great tournament events in places from which it's
impossible to see anything that is happening. Furthermore the ending
just becomes ridiculous because of the Bond-clich: "I've got my enemy,
but alas I won't destroy him once and for all, I shall first give a
pointless speech and allow him at least to escape if not defeat me".
Well, I guess you just can't kill the hero in the end, especially if
there are sequels to come.The best part of the movie is the "Directed by Mike Newell" appearing
at the end. I also have to say there is much less quedditch than in the
previous films, which is good, because the game makes absolutely no
sense.
			
Over hyped movie.If you have not seen the movie, my advice is to wait until it is
released on DVD.In this movie, Harry Potter acted like a headless chicken, specially
during the carnival scenes.More over, I dislike the part when Mr Potter stopped to save one of the
other competitor. Had Mr Potter continued to run and grabbed the Cup
then the life of the other competitor would have been saved, just like
Viktor Krum and the female witch. They were alive and well after being
gobbled up by the roots. Because Mr Potter had to act like a Saint and
stopped to save the other competitor, he died. Good one Mr Potter.And even after returning from a brush with Lort Voldemort, Mr Potter
did not warn the Professor Dumbledore that one of the supporter of Lord
Voldermort is Lucius Malfoy
			
Where Prisoner of Azkaban left of Goblet of Fire went up in flames. I
mean take a look at the movie. Plus points are the background score and
the great CGI (Computer Generated Imagery) but story wise it falls
flat.The actors are good...Mr. Gambon as Dumbledore becomes very Bumbledore
though. Or maybe even a BumbleBore. No offense to those who enjoyed the
movie and definitely not to those who worked in it, but c'mon, the most
powerful sorcerer in the world has to shout for silence and jump around
like an over fed jack-rabbit? The books portray Dumbledore as a tall
lean man who doesn't look like he's one for nonsense although he does
have a mischievous side to him...Michael Gambon disappoints.The storyline is much like a train that has jumped its tracks. After
Crouch is found dead (which he was not in the books!) Harry goes to
talk about his dreams? Was this a career counselling session?! What
happened to the mention of Crouch? Not to forget Sirius and Snape's
teaming up to do their bit. This is where GoF leaves off and OotP
starts. If it's not shown in the movie, crucial as it is, then how will
non-Potter readers pick up the threads? This may sound like a rant
(rest assured it IS), but that's what the movie left me
feeling...Ranting Raving Confuduncused.PS: The females really enjoy Malfoy...he should be included a tad more
rather than ferreting out his parts.
			
I should preface my review by telling you I have read and own all of
the books, and have seen all the other movies in the theaters, and
purchased the DVDs for my collection.I was so disappointed, I nearly walked out of the film. The fundamental
personalities of some of the main characters were completely off. For
example, they had Professor Dumbledore shouting repeatedly to quiet the
students in main hall so he could speak. Complete characters who were
absolutely pivotal to the plot in the book were not included in the
screenplay, and others written in. Then I found this comment here in the IMDb about the director's
adaptation of the book, "Mike Newell decided against the studio's
original idea of adapting the 734 page book into two separate films to
be released several months apart, figuring that he could cut enough of
the book's bulky subplots to make a workable film."In cutting the "bulky subplots" he has cut much of the heart and soul
of the book from the film. I am at a loss.. cannot understand why such
a successful series of books and films has taken such a departure. I wonder if the studio would consider going back, using their original
choice of a director, Alfonso Cuarn, director of the Prisoner of
Azkaban, and filming it properly, in 2 full length features?
			
Rating this or any other Potter movie thus far an 8 out of 10 can be
described only as irrational hysteria. Every one of these movies
suffers from a confused and flippant narrative structure bordering on
the incoherent. I realize there is a larger and more detailed
back-story in the books, but the movies should work on their own, and I
don't think they do. They comprise, at best, mediocre (if often
visually spectacular) fantasy adventures for children, executed in a
manipulative and commercial style. If you want good, all-ages fantasy,
see The 10th Kingdom.Specifically, I thought Harry Potter 4 was pretty much identical in
quality (or lack thereof) to the previous three movies. I was left
unmoved by all four movies, finding only Kenneth Branagh's "Magical Me"
character in the second movie to be amused about. I have rated every
Potter movie a 4 out of 10, which amounts to just below mediocrity.
There is nothing in these movies I can take seriously, much less be
enthused about, and with such boring stories, no amount of great
special effects can make any real difference.
			
I think my biggest mistake was re-reading the novel right before seeing
the movie. It made what was missing in the transition between novel and
movie all the more apparent.Let me say that this is not in any way a bad movie and the time flew by
while viewing it. It is only in later reflection that I feel somehow
there was something missing and that was the chance to enjoy more
interaction between the characters I have come to know so well.When the movie took a break from the action and slowed down to enjoy
the typical teenage emotions and reactions to events such as the Yule
Ball, it felt much more comfortable and familiar.There is plenty of humor in the film, the "ferret scene" and the
interaction between Moaning Myrtle and Harry come to mind. There is
also an overall feel of darkness and not just in plot - the lighting is
dark, dark, dark! While much had to be left out of the movie due to
time constraints, the cutting away from the World Cup was much to
abrupt and left you longing to watch at least part of the match. The
third task of negotiating the maze, did not impress me as much, perhaps
I had in mind more "living" obstacles instead of demented shrubbery.The Voldemort I had conjured in my mind sadly did not match up with the
film version, but perhaps making him more frightening would have been
too much for the younger viewers. (I still would not recommend this
film for anyone under ten years of age.)There were tears in my eyes
when Harry returned to Hogwarts after his meeting with Voldemort and I
felt that scene was particularly well acted.For the next film, I will do myself the favor of not re-reading the
book prior to viewing the film and come away feeling like I have had a
reunion of old friends and not worrying about what was missing.
			
I am a faithful Harry Potter fan, and I have to admit, I was throughly
disappointed with this movie. Vital parts of the movie were missing. You know how in the book, Hagrid asks Madame Maxime if she was a
giantess? Well that never happens! How are we supposed to know the
Hagrid is half giant in the next movie? And Harry's Triwizard earnings
were never even mentioned. So Fred and George will have no money to
start their shop with in the next movie. Although I very much enjoyed the acting. Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson
were absolutely brilliant, but my credits go towards Rupert Grint and
Alan Rickman. They were absolutely wonderful. Words can't describe
their performance. I particularly enjoyed the part where Snape kept
"telling" Ron and Harry to be quiet. Emma Watson did a very good job
with the Yule Ball scene. If you haven't read the book, I definitely recommend you go see the
movie. It was wonderful. But if you have read the book, don't bother.
You will leave the theatre very frustrated with how altered everything
got.
			
The first thing I noticed were the abundant number of early teen girls
in the theater - and they loved the movie. I am afraid the rest of us,
not meeting that criteria, are left hanging out to dry. This was
another example of lots of CGI, but little emotional connection with
the characters. There was also a noticeable lack of action, at least,
compared to the previous movies. I am not a slavering Potter fan, but I
did find all of the other movies entertaining. Since Rowling has
absolute control over the movies, I can only assume that she intended
this one to be realized in the way that it was. The CGI is stunning,
but the story, pacing and emphasis leave much to be desired. There is
no excitement when he fights the dragon - none when he is running in
the maze - and not much more when he faces Valdemort. What happened
Harry - have you been snorting fairy dust? I think this movie goes
wrong for a general audience, but does very well targeting young girls.
Goblet may fair better on a second viewing or on cable or DVD. It was
interesting to see everyone older, but nothing was ever done with those
possibilities. I think someone may have dropped the screenplay and all
the words fell off and were never quite the same afterward. The first
10 reviews seem to indicate that some people were impressed, so I may
be way off.
			
I loved all of the H. Potter books and was enthusiastic about seeing
HP4 so I was extremely disappointed to see many of the fun parts of the
book not represented in the movie. I do NOT understand how anyone could
understand this movie if they hadn't read the book because it leaves so
many details out (to be such a long movie) and how anyone could enjoy
it if they'd read the book because so much WAS left out. I never heard
where it explained about B. Crouch being killed in the woods (for the
people who haven't read the books) or how B. Crouch, JR. got out of
Azkaban. Not starting at Privet Dr. seemed like a serious let down, as
was missing a depiction of ton-tongue toffees, not meeting Bill Weasley
or the excellent way the Intl. Quidditch Cup was depicted in the
books,along with Winky, and the maze was just boring compared to the
book, and well I could go on and on. The direction seemed lacking to me
along with the script to go with the emotions, but I am just a viewer.
Does anyone else think maybe too much was left on the editing room
floor or possibly the director should've been? Very little that made
the book great seemed represented here - I guess I just needed a 6 hr.
movie with substance instead of a 3 hr. movie with just action without
explanation. By the way, could anyone enlighten me as to how come the
directors keep changing (albeit I'm thankful for the next change)?
			
I've recently seen Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and I came out
feeling extremely disappointed. While the graphic effects were amazing,
the story that was the Goblet of Fire seems to be totally different.
Whilst non-readers of the books sat in amazement at the sight of
dragons and mer people I sat furious that characters such as Ludo
Bagman and Winky had been cut. Acting for most part was awful, with
Daniel Radcliffe's cringe worthy attempts, Ralph Fiennes seemed more
comical rather than horrific and Michael Gambon plays Dumbledore with a
portrayal that makes him appear to be Lord Voldemort himself. If I was
JK Rowling, I'd be furious at the pathetic attempt to bring Goblet of
Fire to life.
			
This movie is slightly worse than the Prisoner of Azkaban, which puts
it in last place in my book. It suffers from all the problems they had
in the third movie. Namely, they didn't bother telling the story. They
just went from scene to scene, trying to get all the action elements in
under the time allotted.I don't know if it counts as a spoiler to tell you what's not in a
movie, but here is a short list of what you won't see: Qwidditch;
goblins (or their gold); the name Luto Bagman; Dobbie, Winky, or
S.P.E.W.; Bill, Charlie, Molly, or Percy Weezly; blast-ended scroots; a
class besides Defense Against the Dark Arts; Rita Skeeter as a bug; any
mention of Bertha Jawkins; the marauders map; the trial of Barty Crouch
Jr or his cohorts; any explanation of how he got out of Azkaban. In other words, they left out all of the story. In it's place, they
expanded the action to include an extended dragon combat. They made
Moaning Myrtle much more perverse than the book did. If you want to go see mindless action, go find some children's movie
that isn't based on a piece of literature. But if you are looking for a
good adaptation of The Goblet of Fire you will be disappointed. And if
you didn't read the book, or see the first three movies you will be so
lost as to what's going on that you'll be bored out of your mind.
			
As a reader of the Harry Potter books, and a fan of the other movies, I
must say that I was quite disappointed in this film. After how
wonderfully the director of "Prisoner" captured the darker sides of the
wizarding world and Harry's expanding knowledge of Hogwarts'
surroundings... this film seemed rather flat. The beginning was
terribly rushed and I felt like there simply was no effort to make the
world of Harry Potter any darker or more threatening, which is a major
theme in the book. I hope they don't butcher the next movie like they
did this one! (Repeating so that I can post this) As a reader of the
Harry Potter books, and a fan of the other movies, I must say that I
was quite disappointed in this film. After how wonderfully the director
of "Prisoner" captured the darker sides of the wizarding world and
Harry's expanding knowledge of Hogwarts' surroundings... this film
seemed rather flat. The beginning was terribly rushed and I felt like
there simply was no effort to make the world of Harry Potter any darker
or more threatening, which is a major theme in the book. I hope they
don't butcher the next movie like they did this one!
			
I saw the movie yesterday at 6:20. The books get progressively darker.
The movies do not. Too much was cut. The plot was all but missing. If I
hadn't read the book I know I would not have followed the story. It's
not a complete waste of time but it could have been done so much
better. Basically a let down. The new Dumbledore comes off as more
crazy than an eccentric genius. He is supposed to be the only person
who Voldemort ever feared you're left wondering why? The plot was also
not really resolved it just ended. I think one of the problems was that
the people who are making the movies are still trying to target the
younger audience but their audience is first off getting older and
second these are not children's books. Rowling has said repeatedly that
these are not children's books. The movies should reflect this. With
more content the problems with the movie could have been fixed.
			
I went to see this movie this afternoon and to be honest i was
expecting disappointment as happened with the other three potter movies
but i wasn't quite expecting what i saw. I am a lover of the books and
have read them all many (10+) times (ex HBP) and hate it when important
bits of the plot are cut. I think in terms of effects and general film
making the film was good, the acting from the majority of the cast was
also excellent, however i feel that the movie moved too fast and didn't
really explain what was going on. If you've seen the trailer you have
pretty much seen the movie. Much of the Plot involving Rita skeeter was
cut (i think we only saw her twice) which i find very disappointing as
it sets up the fifth book and the "harry is crazy, look at what was
said about him in the prophet last year" plot. One surprise for me
though was Mad-eye-moody, after seeing the trailers and photos i was
dreading him being played as a joke character with his mad eye but i
was very impressed with his character and performance although i did
notice the lack of CONSTANT VILIGANCE. Overall i think this movie could
be used as a 'look what i can do with my computer' movie. In my opinion
if you want a good plot and more than one comprehenseable storyline you
should go read the book.
			
My girlfriend is a huge Harry Potter fan, so she eventually roped me
into watching this cinematic train wreck.Let's start with what I liked, first. Solid opening scene, good special
effects, interesting fantasy elements, and sometimes funny dialog. Now
I ask fans to hold their breath. I did not like this movie.After the first quarter of the film, where it has been pointed out with
a BIG NEON SIGN that the big bad uber-evil Wizard that everyone is so
afraid of they refuse to speak his name, is returning from
pseudo-death. Then, for some psychotic reason, the movie decides to
forget about this imminent threat to the universe and instead show us
poorly written, badly acted, and horribly uninteresting high school
soap opera complete with a freaking prom. Maybe this is a hit with the
middle school crowd, but even still, you can tell the actors themselves
are thinking "what the hell IS this about?" EVENTUALLY, everyone
remembers (a touch too late) that the evil "you-know-who" seems to be
making his way back to life through foreshadowing and not-so-subtle
hints, but now we're caught up in a life or death competition where
Harry Potter has been illegally entered, and set up basically as bait
to lure out Voldemort and/or his henchmen. Well, when the big bad DOES
finally make his move, the powerful Wizards completely fail to notice,
or even remember, that Voldemort has taken the bait. A confrontation
between Harry and his nemesis ensues, whereupon the young hero through
the power of love from his dead parents, or some such nonsense, just
barely makes it away with the corpse of a fallen Hogwarts student. So
what happens now that everyone has absolute and undeniable proof that
the most evil force ever has returned? They go on summer vacation.
Right, nipping off on holiday, I'm sure he won't destroy the world
until next term. From start to finish, this movie had me on the edge of
my tolerance. I'm being generous with five out of ten here, but only
because I feel there is the POTENTIAL for a good movie in here. Someone
just needs to slap around the director and scrounge the cutting room
floor.
			
I have just back from seeing this. Right now, I should be doing
something more important, but I had to put this down before my head
explodes! I really, honestly do not know what to say about this film.
It's beautifully made, yes. The acting is much improved, yes. But the
unbelievable liberties that were taken - what are you meant to say
about that? From the off, Harry's dream about Voldemort etc is horribly
altered by adding an unrelated character - it may not seem that
important, but it is. And Dumbledore - I think Michael Gambon is an
exemplary actor, but to see Dumbledore lose it with Harry in such an
uncharacteristic way was dumbfounding.See, I can understand why things have to be left out - it's a long
book, and there are extraneous elements. For one, there's Rita Skeeter
- so why keep part of her storyline in, and ignore the rest? What
really annoys me, though, were the ridiculous plot and character
revisions that occurred. It's such a pointless exercise that I can't
even see why it was done.I don't blame Mike Newell, as I think he did a great job. In terms of
the complete destruction of Dumbledore's character, you really can't
blame Gambon. The only person to blame is the utter idiot that adapted
it - the lack of grasp of what was important and what was not astounded
me. You would think that they would have read the books and I feel
sorry for the director of OOTP as they really have their work cut out -
many of their main characters, that we should already be familiar with,
have barely been introduced if at all. Sirius 30 second CG appearance
was ridiculous. Again, I wish these people would really read the book -
at one point, the expelliarmus charm managed to knock someone off their
feet whilst they were still holding their wand - getting small details
like that wrong is rather ridiculous too.I saw the film with my fianc who has not read the books, and he was
rather confused by it - you didn't even see the seasons change, and the
film felt so rushed and the plot was so unexplained that it might as
well have been 6 weeks rather than an academic year.Oh well - it's a great looking film, and I was most pleased to see the
split-second appearance of Jarvis Cocker, Jonny Greenwood et al, but
it's relationship to the book is somewhat distance - second cousin
twice removed perhaps?
			
I wanted so badly to enjoy this. However, I cannot let my Potter fandom
cloud the fact that this movie is NOWHERE near a "10." Now, I will admit to having held high standards walking into this
movie. But that standard was set by the quality of the previous films
in the Potter series. The previous three installments have been
mind-blowers, so I unwittingly assumed that this would top them all.I was wrong.While visually stunning and well-directed, it simply tried to do too
much, and wound up doing very little.I imagine a screenwriter's mad scramble to appease book-loving
audiences, while not losing the casual viewer.The result was, quite frankly, an unfocused hodge-podge of book
fragments.A short list of what didn't work for me and why: 1. The budding romance between Cho Chang and Harry was forced, at best,
into awkward moments of little chemistry. This subplot needed much more
development in order to be effective, because as it is, they speak to
each other maybe three or four times within a three and a half hour
movie. Nowhere near the screen time to warrant the attention it
attempts. So essentially, this whole subplot felt like filler.2. At no point had I felt that anyone was going to "lose themselves,"
in the final challenge. Krum, the only example that comes close to this
mock threat, was under Voldemort's influence (an ambiguous leap at
best, by the way). Despite Cedric's courtship of Cho Chang, I had no
reason whatsoever to suspect that Harry would "lose himself," as
Dumbledore forewarned.3. I did not feel that there was really any threat, even from
Voldemort. He seemed to be an afterthought, and the big confrontation
at the end felt like a teaser to yet another sequel.Another example of missed opportunity is in the supposed threat of the
tournament. Simply saying that "wizards have died," in the tournament
previously does not do justice to what even a single visual example
can. And let's not forget that the tournament didn't even kill Cedric;
Voldemort did.4. I felt that the entire opening, up until the point where the
tri-wizard tournament began, was arbitrary and only served to set a
mood. I feel that the set design (a major strength, in my view) and
basic story did the job well enough. Not that it was badly done, but
that the opening half-hour could have been used for better development
of other subplots. By the end of the movie, and apparently Harry's
fourth year, the audience is left scratching their heads, as no
tangible chronology is provided for ANY PART of this movie.I could continue, but my point is clear: an eight-hundred page book
adapted into one three and a half hour film either cuts prominent
sections of the original text out of the finished product, or tries to
make a mad scramble to stay relatively close to the original work.The result here, unfortunately, is a film with a lot of potential, and
little else. The script is simply too unfocused, and the result is the
ambiguous and underdeveloped mess this film slowly became.Maybe Mike Newell would have been wise to listen to the studio's
wishes. It could well have saved this film from what it became.All in all, it was a feast for the eyes, but still only a well-directed
train wreck.
			
Let me start by saying that I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter. I went
to the opening midnight screening, and again this morning in order to
see the film both in a huge crowd and a tiny one, as that often affects
one's reaction to a film. Unfortunately, my reaction at both screenings
was disappointment. I am not one that insists that a movie exactly
match the book it is based on, but in this instance far, far too much
is left out to make the film a great one.What we do get to see is sketchy, but beautifully done. The special
effects are incredible. The music is superb. The acting is, for the
most part, very good. Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Ron & Hermione
are especially good. Lord Voldemort, when we finally get to see him
toward the end of the film is all you could wish him to be, though his
rebirth gets the same short shrift as everything else. The film has
humor, action, budding romance, and some real thrills.What it doesn't have is depth. Almost every single one of the nuances
and subplots that, in the books, bring the Hogwart's world to exciting
life are absent from the film. Major characters in the book are missing
or minimized. Dumbledore is mostly reduced to an uncertain, weak old
man. Snapes puts in a minimal appearance. Not enough is done with the
Rita Skeeta character, house elves are non-existent as is the
Hagrid/giant sub-plot--and the twins have no real reason to be in the
film at all. Major plot devices, such as Mad-Eye Moody being supplanted
by a polyjuice potion chugging Bertie Crouch Jr., whip by so fast your
head spins. In fact, most of the stuff that did make it into the film
is touched on only superficially. Overall, if you haven't read the book
you won't know what is going on or why in too many scenes. For
instance: the reason Hogwarts students were so ticked Harry's name came
out of the goblet is glossed over (the film intimates it's because he's
thought to have cheated, but no one got bent out of shape when the
twins tried to cheat--the Hufflepuff angle is totally ignored); just
why Ron is so angry at Harry; why Krum asks Hermione to the ball; why
Voldermort's and Harry's wands react the way they do against each other
and why the spirits come out of Voldemort's wand; why Mad Eye Moody was
replaced; why Nevil Longbottom reacts the way he does to the Cruciatis
Curse; etc. etc. etc. etc. In addition, Daniel Radcliffe's acting
skills haven't matured along with him and he is outshone by just about
everyone else in the film.I came out of the film--both times!--with a sense of disappointment.
The film is OK--but you can see where it could have been great.
			
After the release of the latest Harry Potter movie, I anxiously awaited
the day in which I would watch the 4th installment. I wisely decided to
view this film on the weekend after its release, in fear the mob of
Harry Potter fans flooding the theaters. After seeing this movie, a
great sense of disappointment engulfed my heart. I, being one of those
obsessive fans who annually re-read the series, was outraged because
Mr. Newell simply did not do justice for the beloved book. It was quite
obvious that the director was in a race against time to try and fit
everything into the movie. It ran at such a fast pace that I could
scarcely begin to enjoy one scene when it suddenly jumped to another.
Also, I cannot begin to speak of the great irritation I felt every time
a portion of the book was left out, mind you these were parts that I
enjoyed. At the end of the movie I was just so greatly relieved that
the agony was over.The most odious part of this movie was the complete obliteration of
scenes that I so dearly longed to see, such as: the Hagrid/Madam Maxine
ordeal, Rita Skeeter's bigotry article, Harry's button attack at Ron,
the capture of Rita Skeeter as a beetle, Sirius/Dumbledore/Harry
discussion, and many more that I don't have time to list. And, to add
insult to injury Mr. Newell completely rewrote a few scenes to
accommodate the absence of others. So much was skipped that I do not
know where to begin, but I was absolutely appalled at the incredibly
brief participation of Sirius, Molly and Arthur Weasley, Malfoy, and
other characters in the movie. Even more appalling was the complete
absence of the Creevey brothers, Bertha Jorkins, Winky, Dobby, and Mr.
Bagman - all of which played significant roles in the book.In all honesty, I realize that Mr. Newell had a great amount of content
to cover, and also I take into consideration that his film was
completely under budget. However, it would have been a wise move for
him to create two separate films instead of trying to fit all the
action, adventure, romance, drama, and etc of a 734 page book into a 2+
hour film.Overall, the movie was an incomplete summary and cannot even compare to
the book. There were just too many scenes that lacked content and were
merely "glossed over" with insufficient details that could not make
them as interesting or adventurous as the scenes in the book. It was
not an accurate adaptation and I highly recommend people to save their
money, lest he/she would like to be deeply disappointed as I was. Mr.
Newell left out the many small details that J.K. Rowling meticulously
implements, and those details prove to be vital aspects of the book
that make it so great and enchanting to the readers. There is much more
that I would like to add however, my great anger and disappointment
calls me to re-read the Goblet of Fire so that I may be left with the
euphoric sensation that I did not receive after watching the movie.
			
The Harry Potter phenomenon has become an entity unto itself. Mention
Harry Potter, and its met with overwhelming ad orations, excitement and
a fervor not unlike football fanatics. The marketing machine has
everything Harry Potter and the general atmosphere of the franchise is
one of infallibility and automatic hit before release...I wish it was so. Don't get me wrong, I love the idea of Harry Potter
and its air of childhood innocence and.. well... magic. However, the
Goblet of Fire has lost a lot of what made it Magic.Gone is that trademark booming and lovable Harry Potter 'theme' that
usually opened the movie.. that music itself IS Harry Potter and is as
recognisable as melodies from Star Wars, Indana Jones and Star Trek.
Gone is the next step in evolution of Harry's Foster-parents... Harry
was just where he was. Very few nice little treats of pointless
excitement - ie the chocolate frog, all flavoured jellybeans, the fun
of practicing new spells.. all gone. Even the continual grin of
Radcliffe has disappeared, and when he did try to do it on the bridge,
it looked forced and out of place.What also is gone is the noble persona of Dumbledore. Once a character
so eloquently played by Richard Harris, he was the epitome of what a
respected, all knowing, and controlled Headmaster.. and all powerful
one at that has come to resemble. In the Third we had to get used to
Gambon and understand the differences, but now he's a failure. Lack of
the same poise, he's now another character no more or less powerful.
He's bumbling and has lost that dignity.The rivalry of Draco Malfoy also mostly non-existent with a token
showing of him in the movie, which in the scheme of things WAS token
and pointless.Snape lost his edge though the reference to his past was interesting.The overall continuity was disappointing and the promise was not
delivered. They built up the World Cup then let us down with not even a
match shown or the possibility of Harry's involvement as THE Seeker.
Krum was a bore, the build up of the Tri-Wizard Cup and its terrors
wasn't even close to being realised.The whole move lacked the grandiose of the first two movies and is even
way behind the third. It no longer had that fairy tale like feel, and
to me was 'just another sequel'. And I am VERY disappointed.What it successfully did do however better than other past Harry Potter
movies was shout for a sequel. I for one can only hope that it
re-establishes that magic.I personally have chosen to read the books AFTER seeing the movies.
Therefore I am finding myself looking forward to reading Goblet of Fire
as I envisage it FAR superior to the silver screen version (I hope!!).
I sincerely hope that the Harry Potter franchise doesn't fall from the
special and unique pedestal it now sits on, to the depths of mediocrity
- or heaven forbid, like a Rocky 5, Rambo 3, Batman and Robin, etc -
'We should have stopped at two!!!'
			
very disappointing.. the movie never grips you and moves at a pace for
a non reader to completely space out. prisoner of a.. was still better
made and in comparison to the book(goblet of fire being the best yet)it
has been most useless.. better to make two small films than one
confused attempt. as an and to read yet ]now forget it very
disappointing.. the movie never grips you and moves at a pace for a non
reader to completely space out. prisoner of a.. was still better made
and in comparison to the book(goblet of fire being the best yet)it has
been most useless.. better to make two small films than one confused
attempt. as an and to read yet ]now forget it very disappointing.. the
movie never grips you and moves at a pace for a non reader to
completely space out. prisoner of a.. was still better made and in
comparison to the book(goblet of fire being the best yet)it has been
most useless.. better to make two small films than one confused
attempt. as an and to read yet ]now forget it
			
After reading all the reviews for this movie, I can't help but wonder
if half of the people who seen this movie actually read the book? Well
let's get straight to the facts.The movie was OK. There were definitely its strong parts. The special
effects are amazing; the acting has definitely got better, and
Voldemort was portrayed beautifully, and I must say, the ending
definitely saved the movie from a total disaster.But if you would like me to ramble on and on about the good parts,
well, that's what the hundreds of positive other reviews in this site
is for.There definitely was a lot of material to cover in the fourth book and
being a 2  hour long movie, I was expecting parts to be cut; I wasn't
disappointed, but actually amazed on how much was cut! The entire movie
felt like it was being rushed. Before you could fully understand what
was happening, another event begins which caused so much confusion. I
was glad to have read the book, otherwise I would've gotten lost in the
first 10 min of the film. Key explanations of what was happening were
condensed into sentences that the audience could barely catch. Many
time, there were whispers in the theater; "what did he say" "did you
catch that last word?" "what was that?" A prime example would be during
the Defense Against the Dark art class scene. My friend didn't even
know what any of the three unforgivable curses were because the scene
was extremely quick and choppy (in fact the entire movie felt choppy).Character development was horrible (if there was any at all). The fight
between Ron and Harry, and Ron and Hermione was completely lost. One
minute they're all together as happy as can be, then the next all three
won't even speak to each other (once again, the choppiness of the film
played a part). Key characters were also thrust into the movie with no
introduction at all. Rita Skeeter, instead of being sly and devilish,
was quite annoying in the movie and I couldn't believe her scandal was
dropped entirely! Also Dumbledore was portrayed COMPLETELY WRONG! He no
longer looks or act like a wise, all-knowing and powerful wizard whom
Voldemort fears, but rather a old geezer in the background.Key events where put in with no reason at all. The scene in Snape's
potion closet where they were discussing about the Dark Mark was
pointless because the movie never came back on the fact that Snape was
also once a Death Eater and has a Dark Mark himself. The scene in the
Prefect's bathroom where there was so many sexual jokes is so
unnecessary and the stained glass window with the naked mermaid, what
was all that about? The traps and the monsters in the maze were
completely left out! The world Quidditch cup was so short; makes the
audience wonder "where was the action?" The most annoying part in the
movie I have to say, was the Yule Ball. OMG! WTF was that!? The set was
horribly made, everything was modernized, and character choices were
just plain bad (Harry and Ron going out with two Indian girls just
really didn't fit in). There great hall where the ball took place
seemed smaller and cramped. There was confetti and pieces of decoration
littered allover the floor (and I could've sworn I saw paper party
plate). The concert like dance thing was just a total disaster and did
not at all fit into the movie. At times I was asking myself "am I
watching a Harry Potter movie?" The sense of "magicalness" was taken
away in this once scene. Hogwarts no long looked like a grand, magical
place but rather like in the inside of a high school gym during prom.I can't imagine in my wildest dream the ball turned out the way it did.
I expected to be real formal and classical. The director did a horrible
job doing it (this is probably the worst part of the movie and ruined
the entire Harry Potter series). When the DVD comes out, I can just
imagining fast forwarding through the dance.Too much time and effort was done trying to make this movie look good
with special effects and humor that the essence of Harry Potter was
ruined; character and plot development. The director modernized the
movie too much making Hogwarts seem like more of a typical American
high school (with immature kids and even a school band) rather then a
grand place where people of a higher society go to learn magic (which
by the way there was hardly any classroom scene in the movie).I'd much rather have the movie run four or even five hours long, then
to sit through certain part of this movie again. I really hope the next
movie is as good, or at least able to explain the book, the way the
first three did. *sigh* (disappointed)
			
Prisoner of Azkaban, the previous film, had me quite excited for this
movie, not least because it has one of the most significant events in
the entire septet of novels. However, as I sat down in the theater and
the events of the movie transpired, I closed my eyes for a few seconds
following the initial scene at the Riddle Mansion. All of a sudden the
film is at the Quidditch World Cup.... what? This is the main shortfall
of the film - it is rushed, relies far too much on tacky transition
devices, and feels overall like a chick flick, not at all congruent
with the darkness of the third film. The film rushes from Harry's dream
to the Quidditch World Cup, completely bypassing the Dursleys.... okay
that much I suppose I can understand, it's a slightly tedious and
unnecessary event... but then the Quidditch World cup is shown within
the span of two minutes. What the hell's the point of even introducing
it then? All of a sudden the entire camp of wizards is obliterated by
people looking like the KKK (uh, those are the Death Eaters, I
suppose?) and are only alluded to by a barely mumbled line from Arthur
Weasley... the whole subplot of the elf Winky is left completely out,
thereby basically ruining the whole point of the twist later on. Oh,
not to mention, the Dark Mark is fired up in the air when nobody's
around on the camp grounds. Way to forget the bloody point of the Mark,
Kloves.At this point my heart sank. I knew the movie was going to be extremely
dismal. I watched as the kids are suddenly at Hogwarts and they
introduce Mad-Eye Moody, the Triwizard Tournament (by a poorly acted
Dumbledore by Gambon) and then it becomes disconnected and patchy. Hell
I can't even remember most of the movie now - only that at some point
they show Sirius's face in the fire, Harry gets accepted as a
competitor (with Dumbledore throwing him against the trophy case?...
What?) and then the first task.This is where the movie got incredibly boring and stupid as for half an
hour I am treated to tween agonizing about who Harry should go out
with. Yes, we know what happens, we don't need the terrible music of
whoever the hell composed it (it sounds like a bleeding cartoon) to
make it any more obvious. Yay, half an hour of watching kids preen and
dance to bad alternative rock. Can we PLEASE get on with the story?Blissfully, it ends and tranistions almost immediately, and we're stuck
with Harry trying to figure out what to do for the next task, and
voil, they decide to completely eliminate Dobby's role. The movie
slugs on and then we see a rather comically proportioned Pensieve scene
with Dumbledore being the jerk headmaster (paraphrased: "It's none of
your business!") instead of trusting Harry like he does throughout the
novels.I was shaking my head in disbelief at this point. Then, the third task
comes up, and I perk up for a second. Maybe, just MAYBE this movie can
redeem itself through the graveyard scene.My hopes are dashed. The scene is rushed, looks again cartoonish
instead of refined and stylized, and the Death Eaters look once again
like the Ku Klux Klan. Over in five minutes, what should have been the
pivotal scene of the film.I left the movie slightly annoyed and very bored. The only high point
was the good acting on the part of Ralph Fiennes, who gave his
character a bit of frightening quality. That was moderately undercut by
his actions being annoying and comical.Steve Kloves should never have been appointed to make this travesty of
a film. I hope that at some point in the far future someone decides to
"re-imagine" these films and decide that this one was as campy and
boring as the Joel Schumacher Batman films.Frankly I don't care that they took out a lot of scenes; it's the fact
that they took out a lot of the scenes that MATTERED and saturated the
film with fan pleasing and enough info to make tween girls and fanatic
"shippers" squeal every time they watch the scene between Harry and
Cho.Thank god this isn't in movie theaters anymore, otherwise I'd say,
don't waste your money on it. 5/10
			
Turning an extremely popular fantasy book into a movie is never easy
(especially if its over 600 pages long). Of course I have read the
book, which probably made my expectations unfairly high. Even so this
film still fell way below what I had hoped for.There is nothing terribly wrong in the Goblet of the Fire. The cast is
good, the effects are well done and there is a fairly solid story line.
However so much is cut out from the book and this leaves a gaping hole
in the story. Daniel Radcliffe has barely improved since the first
movie, which is a shame because most of the cast are excellent.There is nothing extraordinary throughout the whole film and although I
wouldn't call it a drag I wouldn't call it exciting either. What I
can't believe is that this film has a rating of 7.8 Are you trying to
tell me that this extremely mediocre film is better than for example
most James Bond films? Because thats what the ratings say.If you do watch this try not to think of the book because it was always
going to be vastly inferior. It isn't bad but it isn't good either and
considering the expectation, cast and budget I would call this film a
flop.
			
where have these films gone. they were getting better than bam it hit
me like a rock. this film is nothing like the book. in the book Winky
is a house elf. she is the quite central. but in the film she is
totally cut out.The quiddich world cup. i loved reading about it in the book. it took
us through the whole match. in the film, however, you don't get to see
the match in the film . awwwwww i was really looking forward to that.Mad eye moody was a character i liked in the book. and he is in the
film (thank goodness). only you'll that he has a magic eye. now magic
isn't a digital thing but when it shows you mad eye Moody's magical
eye's view it looks like your looking through a pair of those digital
binoculars.there are many more disappointments in this film that only the book
readers will see. if i hadn't read this book i'd have liked this film a
lot better. maybe an 8 out of 10.however this movie does have some extremely good special effects,
actors, action. the underwater bit is cool. the bad guy voldemort
doesn't look as i hoped but i guess that its just a matter of opinion.also there is a spell that is called incendio which, in Latin, actually
means burn me. hmm not a good idea.really you should INCENDIO this film and stick with the books.
			
For the apologists for this movie, I have to admit they have a point.
The special effects are exemplary, and to the non-Potter reader, it
certainly is an eyeful.For all the British schoolchildren who are Potter maniacs and have
universally expressed their extreme displeasure, I feel your pain.
Goblet of Fire is my favorite of the Harry Potter books, and it is a
pleasure to read the extreme detail and careful subplots that JK
Rowling has crafted.The biggest loser, however, was anyone with a financial stake in the
movie: Rowling, the studio, and the investors.Originally, GOF was planned as a two-parter, to be filmed
simultaneously like the Lord of the Rings trilogy. The two parts could
have been released 8 or so months apart, and would have effectively
doubled the income from the film--had it been true to the book, repeat
viewings and increased DVD sales might have tripled that income.Unfortunately for both the fans of the book and the monied interests,
the director was talked into condensing the book into one film, and the
result is less than satisfying to all concerned. During filming, JK
Rowling was either pregnant or had just given birth, so her attention
was expectedly elsewhere, but I don't doubt that if she was giving her
full attention to the film she would have insisted on a two-parter.Given the reaction of her fans to the movie, I am sure she has some
second thoughts about that decision.
			
My first reaction on this movie was something like: "Oh my god, they
totally changed the whole story!" And I still think it's true. I know
the book four is too extensive to get everything in one movie, but than
they should film two parts! That would be absolutely great. I missed so
many wonderful scenes like the Quidditch World Cup (they didn't even
say who won!). The storyline was crowded into too short time, one
action scene by other. People who didn't read the book may like it, but
everybody who did must know how many things they changed.The worst thing in this movie was the atmosphere. I was always
imagining Hogwarts as a medieval school, full of ancient things and
with that medieval atmosphere. Prisoner of Azkaban has everything I
wanted Hogwarts look like. But this movie is more from nowadays, for
example the discotheque after the Yule Ball-I truly hate that scene. Of
course it's nice idea, but it doesn't belong to HP world. Another thing I didn't like is music. Patrick Doyle is good, I kinda
like some of his scores, but after real master John Williams it seems
so poor and without emotions. I rather do not mention that song "Do the
Hipogryff"...Okay, that's almost everything for the bad =o) Just that scene with the
dragon. Too long, too boring. I really don't thing the idea with
breaking the chain was good. I would delete that scene and add
something better-even from the deleted scenes, maybe that one with
Snape and Karkarov.But of course it's still Harry Potter, at least the main characters are
still the same, so I can't say I HATE that movie. I just don't like it
so much as the others. For acting I would like to show my opinion that
Emma Watson was much more better in the first movies before she grew up
and ceased to play spontaneously. I think she's endeavoring too much.
Rupert Grint is still the same for me, that means not the best, yet not
the worst. However I can put glory on Daniel Radcliffe. I didn't like
him so much in the first movies, but now I can see he's getting better
and better. I'm not professional to talk about acting, yet I see he's
really good. He's playing with a lot of emotions and mainly with heart.
When I see him on screen I'm not looking at ACTOR, but at HARRY POTTER.
You may say that's normal because we know him mainly from this role,
nevertheless I do not see Hermione, but still the actor. I can't
explain it, it is just so.What I really enjoyed was the scene at the graveyard. Even if I didn't
think Ralph Fiennes will be the right one for playing Voldemort, I
think he did great job. He wasn't so scary, anyway I liked him. When
Harry gets back with Cedric's body and don't want to drop him, I am
always close to tears. Daniel played it so emotive!And that's all I guess. Sorry for my English, I'm not so good at it.
			
This fourth movie presents almost totally new genre in Harry Potter
-movies. This ain't any more a recollection of the events taking place
during the WHOLE year. Movie itself is a very good one but it
concentrates way too much on the competition leaving behind all too
many characters and incidents. I read somewhere that there were plans
to make the fourth book into two films. Why on earth they didn't!?!
This is no longer a Harry Potter -film if you compare it to the first
three; This is a film of Harry Potter's one adventure - as if someday
there would be films called 'Hermione Granger and The Decline of Dobby'
or 'Doing Time With The Dursleys'
			
As a fan of all the previous Harry Potter films, and having read all of
the books, I was really looking forward to "Goblet of Fire," especially
since it was my favorite book as well. That may be why I was so
disappointed after actually seeing it. The main problem with "Goblet of
Fire," is that Director Mike Newell tried to condense way too much into
a two hour movie. I know this has been a criticism of the previous
films, but I have never agreed with it until now. There is no way to
include everything from the books into the films, and in most cases the
cuts in previous films have been just. However in this case, the book
was way too long for a two hour movie.Noticeably absent are the relationships between Hermione and Ron, Harry
and Cho, and Harry and Draco. Harry and Draco are enemies, and their
rivalry has always played a very large role in the books, especially
given Draco's actions in future books. His character had roughly 60
seconds of screen time in this film and a handful of lines. His scenes
could have been cut out completely and it wouldn't have changed the
movie much from the way it turned out. Professor Snape was given a
similar treatment. Newell tried to display jealousy between Ron and
Hermione, but it failed miserably as they did not have development for
the audience to believe in it. The character of Rita Skeeter was
introduced as a nosy reporter, however she added absolutely nothing to
the movie and is another character that is very prominent in the book,
but could have been completely cut out of this film and it would not
have made a difference.The majority of the movie focused on the Tri-Wizard tournament, which
was very well done, but was not the focus of the book and made for a
film that kids would probably love, but does not do justice for the
adult viewer who wants to see more character development. The final
task of the tournament, the maze, was not adequately explained at all.
In the book, the maze brings out the worst fears in someone and turns
them against themself. In the movie, it was condensed to just being a
creepy maze that attacked you with roots.My other biggest problem was with the casting, specifically Michael
Gambon as Dumbledore and Stanislav Ianevski as Viktor Krum. I've heard
the complaints of Gambon not living up to the precedent set in previous
films by Richard Harris, and never believed it until now. He comes off
completely out of character from the Dumbledore in the book. He is
gruff and abrasive in this film, at one point grabbing Harry and
shaking him violently. Where is the wise and compassionate, yet still
powerful, Dumbledore from the books? Ianevski looks good on the
posters, but his acting seems too unseasoned for a role this big.
Cedric Diggory and Fleur Delacour are very well casted however.
			
Admittdly, with my 41 years of age I am not the target group of
watchers which is supposed to be addressed by this film. I am,
nevertheless, fascinated by J.K.Rowlings novels, her incredible
imagination and as a fanatic movie fan I also enjoyed the movies. I
have to say, for me this is not the best movie of the series yet. It is
certainly very hard to put on over-600-pages book into 2h 40 minutes
film(I wouldn't have minded to stick around for 20 minutes longer) and
that for certain things it had to be decided to leave them out for the
greater good, but when I saw the movie for the first time I thought
"What is this....?", especially the first half hour. I think is is very
much o.k. for the film to get more "adult" as Harry and his friends do
so too and I think it is very much o.k. for action scenes to be fast.
Thats what they are there for. but all in all the pace of the movie is
far to fast. the first 30 minutes are like "O.K., we have to mention
that and that and that.....o.k....done...next....!!! For someone who
hasn't read the book it is very hard to follow at all. Except a few
scenes it is all made as though everyone is in a constant hurry.
Professor McGonogall and Professor Snape seem like puppets with only a
few lines. The worst in Prof. Dumbledore. Richard Harris was the
perfect Dumbledore. Her was quite, mystifying and a total authority
figure. Michael Gambon is constantly acting like a total fidget. The
scene where he asks Harry is he really didn't put his name in the
goblet, is disaster. I can only imagine how Richard Harris would have
managed. There are hardly scenes in which you have a feeling of real
characters and depth, which should be the case in a coming-of-age
story, which the books are as well besides being a fantasy and
adventure story. For me so far, "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of
Azkaban" is the best one. I think it is really enchanting and magical
and whatever the outcome of the last book, I do hope that Alfonso
Cuaron does at least that one again
			
These comments might contain spoilers, especially for people, who
haven't read the bookFirst of all, don't get me wrong. I'm not a hater and I liked JKR books
(although I never mentioned them among the best books ever) as well as
three previous movies (more first two more than third) so I went today
to see Goblet of Fire to the biggest multiplex theater in my city. My
expectations were high but this day I went through one of my biggest
disappointments caused by a motion picture.From very first shots of the movie, when I saw Barty Crouch junior,
next to Voldemort I had a terrible feeling that something's wrong here
and this feeling grew with every minute. And soon things were getting
worse. After about fifteen minutes I realized that the movie is falling
apart into numerous separate scenes (twenty or thirty  I didn't count,
which looks like TV clips) or episodes hardly connected with each other
or without such connection at all. Mentioned scene at Riddle house was
followed by another one, already at Burrow (Weasley's home) and a
minute later we are at Quidditch World Cup a couple of minutes before
final match begins. But after only several shots (not bad) there was
another gap and now (without quidditch at all) we see our heroes under
the tent after the match. Another pause, another gap - that's happening
all the time. After a half an hour two very simple questions have rose
in my mind and completely captured it. Who wrote this script? And who
was a guy who directed this movie? Despite numerous previous opinions,
I have to say that fourth movie does not justify the book, does not
justify its characters and its atmosphere. Too many things (and
unfortunately important things) were completely missed or drastically
changed that I begin to think that initial idea of making two separate
movies wasn't bad at all. Most of characters and particularly such new
characters like Cedric, Krum or Cho are entirely undeveloped. Albus
Dumbledore from the greatest wizard of modern times was transformed
into some kind of a silly old man. Krum, who wasn't mean at all in the
book, become different in the movie. But what's the worst Cedric's
character also suffered a lot. The scene in the labyrinth before they
took Goblet was definitely one of the best in the whole book. All their
inner struggles and hesitations have completely disappeared and instead
of that we got ridiculous chase between Cedric and Harry. Cedric's
death in the book is a really terrible loss and emotional episode
because he's a truly good and honest character but we don't feel that
in the movie. All scenes from Triwizard tournament in reality became
one of the most ridiculous action sequences I've seen in a long time.
At the beginning some genius has invented a dragon flying and chasing
Harry all over the castle while everyone is waiting on their seats.
What a load of rubbish! Next task was a lake, almost all the time
deserted and quiet (except for mermaids, who were just watching) and
finally there was the labyrinth. Somehow this ridiculous labyrinth was
also completely deserted without any creature inside so the third task
was transformed into a preposterous chase between lines of hedges. And
I can go on and go on. Overall, the movie is very raw and rather
shallow and incredibly rushed. Most of people in the movie theater, who
haven't read Harry Potter books were completely disoriented and
confused after only a few such mentioned in the beginning separated
scenes or episodes. Mike Newell's direction unfortunately wasn't any
better than a disastrous script. Instead the way of the book, common
sense and cold logic he has chosen a way of cheesy coolness, surface
polish, primitive dialog, and cheap and rather silly laughs. But this
superficial coolness in most of cases is fake and senseless like in the
scene with that stupid dragon or in the scene with Moaning Myrtle. Even
with visuals there was nothing particularly astonishing and most of a
few really memorable moments were already in the movie trailers.
Another negative consequence of this kaleidoscopic rush was the acting.
Alarmingly often there was simply no room acting. Among the very few
things that I really liked were Emma Watson's performance and rather
short the ball scene. Not pretty much from the whole movie. The other
huge problem is that the movie in most of parts is emotionally flat and
it is obviously that it wasn't supposed to be emotionally flat. The
ending as practically everything else was rushed and shallow with
rather a pathetic phrase, which we also already heard in a movie
trailer. I've almost forgotten that somehow legendary John Williams was
replaced and without his music the movie also has lost something
appealing.Certainly, I have no idea why so many people claim fourth Potter as the
best Potter movie so far, as well about its commercial success. After
the end of the credits the whole theater was dead silent and fair part
of the audience looked pretty disappointed. I was pretty disappointed
too and one thought bothered me the most. I believe that we a better
script and with different director this movie could have been
incomparably better and visually stunning (also because the fourth book
is much deeper than previous three). And the very last thing I have to
notice. Russian translation was really terrible.
			
Harry Potter & The Goblet Of Fire is one good example of how the power
of Hollywood is able to manipulate and force directors/scriptwriters
into doing something they might not want to do and thus ruining a
perfect story. JKR had yet again wrote a good (I dare not use the word
excellent for the fear of being bombarded by hundreds of e-mails) book
which delighted and captivated millions.The central issues and themes of the book were obviously: friendship,
death, conspiracy and many more second grade ones. However, they were
only brushed on for cinematic effect in the film. Maybe I am wrong in
blaming just Hollywood for dislocating this film, perhaps JKR actually
wanted them to change the script completely - I could be extremely
naive, however I doubt this is the case and I confidently believe JKR
would not be impressed with the shredding and embarrassing restructure
of the script.There are many scenes (just two I will deal with in this short essay -
although if I had more space I would have certainly like to discuss the
absence of the elf's) that completely change the story within the book.
Sometimes it is necessary to "cut" a certain scene - for instance if it
does not build upon and characters or conflict - but not when that
scene is vital part where true identities are revealed and the action
takes a new turn. The first scene, where Harry is faced with his first
task (retrieving a golden egg in a nest guarded by the most ferocious
of three dragons imported for the challenge - the Horntail), it seems
to me as if very frankly, the scene title was named "SPECIAL EFFECTS
SCENE". It was not focusing on the skill of flying on a broomstick
Harry inherited from his father, or the courage he has or the tension
experienced by his friends. It was rather changed to boost the
technology rating of the producing studio. Harry was sent flying round
the castle falling on roofs and off them - it did not show how Harry
used tactics from Quidditch to his advantage and won the egg, it
merrily was a scene for the technology "awe" factor. I do not criticise
the tactical use of technology in films (and in a film about magic it
would be rather injudicious to say it shouldn't be used) in fact
sometimes when used for the right effect it creates an effect not
experienced in the book. However I was not the only one who was
beginning to be bored with the scene. I noticed children from about the
age of six to fifteen starting to fidget and stare at exit signs and
fire extinguishers in the hope of something exiting. The fact is that
no matter how many special effects you add, how many A-list actors you
hire - unless you understand the subtext and it's importance - you may
just ruin a perfectly good and important part of the story. This scene
was supposed to be the first of three precarious tasks to be faced by
Harry, it was supposed to put us on the edge of our seats. I felt as if
the seat was more interesting, it certainly slaughtered the issues and
themes in this scene.I felt that the scene where Harry spots Barty Crouch lying in the
forest was yet again an example of the eroding of the original text -
and worse - poor cutting. It left me and other viewers confused about
what was happening and why. According to the book, Harry stumbled on
Crouch during the Yule Ball alone and immediately ran to Dumbledore's
office where from then on Dumbledore went to find him. This was one of
the most interesting and thrilling scenes I found in the book as it
dealt with the first step towards the truth and it certainly made the
reader begging to know what would happen next. In the film however,
Harry stumbled upon him while in a total different scene while Crouch
seemed dead not "crazy" like in the book - and the scene instantly cut
to Harry casually walking to Dumbledore's office as if nothing had
happened. It was certainly poor cutting and rushed post-production. It
did not emphasize the seriousness of the matter and the theme of
conspiracy in the scene. Yet again it left me confused, irritated and
let-down.Perhaps you are wondering why I decided to talk about these issues.
Well when reviewing this film, I felt it necessary to let the two types
of viewers going to see this movie (one for its accuracy according to
original text, and the other for its action factor.) And therefore I
must say, if you are a fan of the original Harry Potter book - you
won't be impressed with this film. However if you are going to see it
for the special effects - you should thoroughly enjoy this film.I think that the acting was average (Daniel Radcliff looked as if he
was being told exactly what to do instead of trying to use acting
instinct) with certain characters (Rupert Grint) seeming more natural
in their roles. Music and lighting were used very well to effect and
sets seemed in magical perfection.In conclusion I think that Hollywood needs to thank and respect the
authors of these books for coming up with new and fresh ideas (which
seem to make good profit at the box office as well) not just disrespect
them by unintelligently cutting bits that told the story and expanding
bits that did not. As always however, the Harry Potter phenomenon made
this film exiting and I must admit it was the main reason why I rated
this film at "5". I do hope they respect the next instalment not only
as it is one of the most thought about - but it is also my favourite
and I hate to be let down.
			
What makes things worse, is that its predecessors were basically
intricate works of genius, but TDKR lacks essentially everything that
made The Dark Knight (particularly) one of the greatest superhero
movies ever produced. On top of all this, everyone's bandwagoning on
thinking it's great because it's "supposed" to be great, right?!?! How
could Nolan's finale not be a masterpiece?! Well, I'll tell you...Bruce Wayne acts out-of-character from not just the first two movies,
but from the comic as well. Catwoman's motivation and place in the
story is weak, flat, and forced. For a movie that's almost three hours
long, you only get about 20 minutes of Batman in costume (if you're
lucky). The movie jumps in weird time increments that are mildly
confusing, but mostly forced to facilitate its wanna-be epic nature. As for more heavily SPOILERY observations...Commissioner Gordon is barely in the movie, spending most his time
injured in a hospital, while Joseph Gordon-Levitt's character comes out
of the blue and does what you'd expect the Commissioner to be doing...
solution- COMBINE THE TWO CHARACTERS!!! The two Batman vs. Bane fights are flat and boring as hell. Bane is a
cardboard, unexplored (until a late-third act flashback... of all
ridiculous clich plot devices) character that reaches for sympathy in
one of the most embarrassing, wanna-be-tender, totally out-of-place,
extremely laughable scenes I've ever seen in my life- HE FRIGGIN'
CRIES?!!?!? Every single, yes EVERY SINGLE cop in Gotham marches down into the
sewers on a tip that Bane's raising a secret army, only to have all the
entrances blown up so they can be trapped down there... for like three
months. Reread that last sentence and tell me what part of it makes
sense.Bane holds Gotham hostage with a 4 megaton nuclear device, after
blowing up all but one bridge leading into and out of the city, for
three months and the U.S. government does nothing. Seriously, nothing.
It's said they negotiated a truce and had FEMA send in supplies for
survival. Read that last paragraph and tell me what part of it makes
sense.The "real" villain reveals him/her self in an absurd Act 3 "twist"
that's followed by a narrated flashback (the same one that leads to
Bane CRYING), and throughout the entire monologue Batman sits there
doing nothing after a knife has been thrust/held into his side.After the 2nd lame Bats/Bane fight, the bulk of the late Act 3rd
"action sequence" consists of little more than Batman flying around in
that weird-looking clunky flying thing that supposed to be the Bat
Plane- half of which is of him outmaneuvering missiles that the bulky
"plane" couldn't have possibly eluded.I really, really, really, really, really, really wanted to not just
like this, but LOVE it, but as it progressed the enthusiasm cloud
gradually cleared to the point of my being utterly flabberghasted in
disappointment- mostly because I can't believe the director of The Dark
Knight and the masterpiece that is Inception was responsible for this
movie. It's lazy and uninspired to the point of being offensive to
everyone who's ever been not just a Batman fan, but a fan of non-
intelligence-insulting movies.
			
I don't get what all the 10's are about. I don't see how this movie is
a 10, or rather even an 8. There are so many plot holes, the characters
are so one dimensional, action sequences OK at best.Where do I even begin. Banes voice. I admit, I didn't get what he was
saying more than half the time, and even then I had to strain really
hard. It was just awful. There were jokes about not understanding Bales
growling, but this, this is something else. The movie would have been
better without him talking.Catwoman! Suddenly she feels remorse and becomes goody goody at the
end, Oh the lord, this was about as predictable as rain in
Seattle(very, if you're unsure).Talia, what a big face-palm. Might as well have made a movie when the
Batman woke up from a dream at that point. Can the plot get ANY more
clichd? Thanks for popping up the MAIN criminal at the end of the
movie, who apparently had the hots for Batman.Batman, his screen time is mostly groaning and screaming and getting
beaten around in boxing by Bane. He becomes a superior fighter by
jumping across the ledge? I think that's not how the body works. There
isn't any Batman stuff at all. Just punching and kicking. Muhammad Ali
would have been a better hero to fit that role (Yay, incoming dislikes
from people who don't know who that is). Also, big copter no one can
find, yea right.Sheep followers wanting to get blown up. Ya, because getting evaporated
by a nuclear bomb is so awesome that every "mercenary" wants to do it.
Oh, but they didn't know that they'd be blown up.All policemen going underground like a herd of cows because they want
to scout out the underground operations and therefore getting caught.
Sigh.Big fight scenes. Police officers don't walk in formation with guns
against a bunch of mercenaries on higher ground and they all don't
start shooting at point blank range. No. That's not how police work. Or
any modern force with guns. That ONLY works in Lord of the Rings,
because they had SWORDS! Who wrote this script?The other batman movies were good. The first one was great. The second
was good too. This one is ridiculous. I don't know how people can be so
blind to so many obvious flaws. Even with that, the best moments in
this film are...unimpressive. Did I go into the theater with high
hopes. Not at all. I expected average, I was disappointed to not find
even that.Will be ever get another Prestige from these guys? I hope so.
			
I'm not one for writing reviews, but the positive response this movie
is getting makes me uneasy. I'm really worried about the general
population. The acting is just shocking. Michael Cain delivers a good performance,
but because everyone else is so terribly 2 dimensional, his character
seems almost comically overacted. The story is clich, poorly written and the time-jumps are just bad.
Why is Bane pushed aside in the last 15 minutes of the movie and an
intelligent, interesting character turned into some girls thug (some
girl we know, or care, nothing about). It's bad, I didn't know Nolan
was capable of anything this poor. The movie would have been far better
if Bane was a real person trying to incite a real revolution. And I
find the glorification of the rich in this film interesting at a time
when their is global social unrest towards them in real life. Is this
propaganda or what?Why don't the bad guys use their guns? Don't they know that just
pointing them at batman doesn't do anything? And walking closer and
closer to him until the gun is almost touching him also doesn't help?
And then using their gun as bat instead of as a gun is also stupid? And
the background combat is also lame. I saw way too many punches that
actually didn't touch the face of their victim. It's just poor and
unacceptable. Why the hell do all the cops just walk towards the enemy in a big mass?
Only the first line can fire? One grenade in the middle of them will
destroy them? What kind of city sends all of their cops down a hole?
Even if they somehow decided doing this was a good idea, they wouldn't
send 10 thousand cops leaving the city unprotected. How about the army?
When Batman tells robin (LOL) to get people off the Island, why does he
go and grab 10 kids? Out of a city of millions? Where the hell is the
cities population? Why don't we see anyone except Bane and a few of
this thugs? How does Batman keep appearing exactly where he needs to be
at exactly the right time without explanation? Who the hell is
cat-women and why do we care? Why does the bad chick (who's Banes boss
apparently) keep yabbering with her finger on the detonator, instead of
just pressing the damn thing? It's not 1990, those things just aren't
acceptable. Oh god the prison scene, It's been a long time since I've wanted to
vomit and kill myself at the same time, but this did it. Clich to the
maximum. And when Garry drops the bomb diffuser just out of fingers
grasp, on the moving truck. Man, come on Nolan, were you even a part of
this film or did you just pay others to do it for you and pick up the
pay-check? Did anyone who's raving about how good this film is even
watch it? Makes me depressed. I could go on and on but I can't be bothered and nobody is going to
read it. This should be a 6 on IMDb, and that's generous. People are as
stupid as the movie.
			
My areas of disappointment : 1) Bane, 2) the threat on the city
(nuclear), and 3) the Mr. Nolan's surprising lack of storytelling and
bleak cinematic visual (even though he seemingly had the best filming
tools to deliver so.). 1) I only wished the Mr. Nolan did not abruptly reduce his newest
villain, Bane, to something so insignificant and small. The menacing,
intelligent, "brute force" was indeed a towering figure throughout the
movie until he presents himself as secondary towards the end of the
trilogy.2) And the threat on Gotham City, a nuclear one, was surprisingly
unoriginal considering how innovative the poisonous vapor threat was in
"Batman Begins" or how chaos forced the protagonists of Gotham to make
extremely troubling decisions in "The Dark Knight." 3) Something breathtaking was so suppose to happen in either the plot
or in the IMAX grandeur. However, Mr. Nolan surprisingly failed to
deliver in both areas. Mr. Nolan did not make us hold our breath like
he did in the "Dark Knight" nor did he captivate our focus with his
playful plots and mind bending cinematic visuals as he did in
"Inception." In other words, I could not help but looking back at his
past films while watching the "TDKR." There were a few other things that caught my immediate, negative
attention. But who cares. It is really over now. This was how Mr. Nolan
decided to end this truly life defining story. With that said, I am
simply stunned and truly hurt that the trilogy had to end . . . like
this. davidwoongkim, Seoul
			
I have no Idea what to even start with about what was wrong with this
movie. Apart from the obvious Richard Nixon voice Batman has had in
every movie of this trilogy, now we also have a villain we can barely
understand .They sit there and expect us to believe that with all the time Bruce
Wayne spent training and all the time he spent with Ra's Al Ghul he
doesn't even know who his daughter is who is very high up in the
League?Then they use the classic bomb going to blow up the city. The bomb that
was built to be a fusion reactor. So why does it have a clear LED
display of the time on it? And why after flying it in reality about 2
miles off the coast no one is hurt. There is no radiation. No title
wave from the ocean. Just a cloud.Then lets look at the spare Batmobiles that the enemies have. I find it
really hard to believe that I could blow up a batmobile with only one
missile yet his is pretty much indestructible.Then when Bruce escapes prison he magically shows up in a town with
only one bridge that is guarded by the military. There were so many
aspects of the movie where things just happened. And we have no choice
but to accept them.The biggest problem of all though, Robin. Why the people in the movie I
was in cheered when she said his name was Robin I'll never know. Let's
see what the main parts they got wrong were. Obviously the name. His
parents dying's back-story was nowhere near right. Robin was a trapeze
artist not a detective. I don't know why people like this movie. Maybe
because they are supposed to who knows. But if you are a true fan out
there then you will most likely hate this film for the crap it is.This movie didn't feel like a Batman movie to me. There was no gadgets,
no detective work, no anything. Only thing that this movie taught me is
that now I know for a fact. DC cannot do special effects and in the
movie industry will always fall short to fans.
			
After seeing and liking the first and the second part of this trilogy,
the third came off as a disappointment. There are only a few things
that actually work in this movie - Hathaway an Levitt gave very nice
performances, and were convincing despite of the ludicrously clich
lines they were given. Before seeing the movie, I presumed that (based
on the reviews I had read) they had only minor roles, but the two of
them guide the plot. Also some action sequences were well executed. But
only a minority of them. The majority was illogical and confusing. In
comparison with the second movie which I found to be, in its core (
even with the occasional shabby lines), an intelligent and elegant
movie, this one lacks action. Of course that a movie shouldn't be
judged by the amount of action, but in lack of it there must be a good
storyline. This movie has none. Its plot is full of gaps, frustratingly
illogical. One of the things that induced from me a great snore was the
jail and childwhoescaped subplot. The idea of the jail is absurd. Whose
prison is it, why are there no guards? Oh, I know it's inescapable...
but please. Its location is outside of some ancient city walls, but
very near it, and a modern complex is build only yards away (you can
see it on the edge of the screen when Bruce escapes  but I will get to
that). Bane (the Big Bad of the movie) escorted Bruce to the Asian jail
himself, made all that way just to tell Bruce that he will torture his
soul, and went back to Gotham, in the US, in the matter of hours. Why
making that journey? It's impractical as hell. Furthermore, the man in
prison, who are paid by Bane to keep Bruce alive (the man actually
uttered the line  I'm paid more to keep you alive, when Bruce asked
for death), are helping him fix his dislocated spine (no, it's not
broken) and escape. Why? After a few tries, Bruce manages to climb the
well and emerges on the surface. He throws some big, fat rope back in
the pit. Where did that rope come from? Was it left outside just in
case someone climbed to freedom so he can free all the other prisoners?
Bruce himself had no rope  that was the whole point. Is the prisoners
safety rope actually tied at the surface? If so, why no one climbed the
rope itself? Hell, my brother with whom I watched the movie actually
thought that he threw down the safety rope to make sure nobody else
would escape. Then Bruce, with no money, no passport and no knowledge
of the native language returns in the terrorist occupied and military
guarded Gotham. He also, at the time, has no Batmobile, Batcopter or
any other Bat-based vehicle. How did he get into the city? Fortunately,
once in the city, he found his Bat-copter lying on the roof of a
middle-height building, a huge thing covered only with a nett, and
visible from air. With all the riots in the city, is it possible that
nobody had stumbled upon it? Also, once in the Bat-copter, he
encourages the not-long-ago buried police forces (who all have clean
clothes and are clean-shaved after being underground for months) to
attack the terrorists, but instead of helping them by shooting the
enemy from air superiority, he lands the Bat-copter and seeks Bane for
a fistfight. Is this not idiotic? The only action scene that was good
was the one after the stock-market attack when Batman made a dashing
escape. But, not even this scene can be compared with the ones from the
second movie which were thrilling, masterfully directed and longer.
They were also simpler, there was no atom bomb, there were just guns
and explosives, but it worked better, it was more realistic, and
darker. Unfortunately, what replaced action is load of parapsychology,
the endlessly recycled story of the orphan Bruce, with many annoying
flashbacks from previous films. You know the movie is not doing well
when there are flashbacks involved. What got on my nerves a lot was
also that all lectured Bruce, the man who sacrificed everything to help
Gotham and do good. Alfred was particularly pathetic. Bane is truly a
poorly done movie villain. The comic book character is said to have
some intelligence. This was not present here. The opening scene, the
delivery of the plan of doctor Pavel's abduction: Bane has executed a
pointlessly expensive and complicated operation where he sacrificed
unnecessarily three of his man, chopped up a plane and then used the
already seen skyhook (The Dark Knight), when he easily could have
attacked the plane on land. The romance between him and Coltirald's
character is also redundant. His and Cotillard's background story could
have been left unexplained. Even with it, both of them lack motivation.
The rest of the movie Bane makes impressive entries. Actually a lot of
the movie is about walking on the street, walking through the sewage,
etc. And entering rooms. The romance between Bruce and Cotillard
character was redundant and not probable (I accept this only if Bruce
wanted a quick shag after a long time of drought). The explosion,
beside the unnerving need of certain directors to explain in word what
we understood in picture (someone actually had said Explosion! after
we've have already seen the mushroom), was not realistic (no waves).
But, as a whole, the movie is sufferable, just don't expect anything
great. The thing I hated the most is that Batman is missing from this
film. Bruce was more out of the suit, than in it. Seems to me that
Nolan became a little bit too cocky with all the praise for the two
previous movies. It's a shame because the movie could have been a lot
better if he hadn't.
			
I honestly didn't like this movie very much, there were many things
wrong with it that ruined the immersion and messed up something which
could have been good.#1 where is batman? for the most part batman is a no show it's not
until the final parts of the movie that you even really get to see him
fight.#2 Can character development fail? I think this movie proved it can,
many movies attribute failure to not accurately linking you to the
characters having too limited development of the character, this movie
is proof of the opposite in many scenes they spent far too much time
focusing on Bruce Wayne. They did this to the extent of completely
neglecting many other aspect of the movie, things that should have been
delved into that weren't all because too much of the movie was focused
on Wayne...#3 The villain makes the movie. Bane was not a good villain, his voice
was difficult to understand in a large number of scenes and sometimes
the background noise would override him. He just seemed more like a
thug then a mastermind, and lacked believability. The so called "real"
villain had no real character development only back story which to me
is not enough to make her important. Also anyone who was a lover of the
batman comics or TV show was probably also disappointed by the complete
lack of the venom used to give bane his strength.#4 Music and sound effects make a movie right? There were many times
during the movie where I found myself distracted by a completely
inappropriate sound byte or music that didn't quite fit the scene.#5 abandonment of sub characters is a good thing? the butler leaving
Bruce, and the lack of the use of Morgan Freemans character to me
detracted from the movie a lot.#6 batmans voice... something was just wrong with it it sounded like i
was listening to one of those cheap voice changers you get at walmart.
Was it just me or was it done much better in movie one?In summary, I have to honestly say that it seems as if the focus of
this movie was on two actors not on two characters. I couldn't find
myself feeling for Bruce, or Robin, they were just... badly
overdeveloped characters that instead of making me feel sad for them I
just didn't care... Batman had 8 years to prepare and get ready for
bane yet he wallows in self pity and lets his whole life go to pot over
a girl? I just don't believe it. Batman is the definition of self hurt
turned into helping others every time batman sinks deeper into the well
of despair he hurts criminals more not less. he over came both of his
parents dieing and leaving him alone as a child I just could not see
him giving up because a girlfriend dies no matter how over developed
they made his character.If you like to think about things in a movie, I think you will find
that there are too many "distractions" in this movie to allow for
proper immersion and enjoyment.
			
The movie was so boring and lengthy that I considered to leave the
cinema. The script was predictable at some points and the acting was so
poor amongst some of the actors. Anne Hathaway was horrible, she was
not convincing at all and her outfit looked like a cheap Halloween
costume. Bane, the main villain of this movie was killed in a split
second and everything was forgotten about him, that's it. It's like the
script writers wanted this movie to end quickly as possible at this
point. The actor playing Miranda who appears to be Ra's Al Ghul's
daughter Talia should get the award for worst death presentation, it
was some of the worst acting I have ever seen, you can tell that she is
acting. It's like she is taking a nap for crying out loud. Blake who
appears to be Robin gets access to the Batman cave and all the high
tech stuff that is in there, but he didn't receive any training at all
so he wouldn't know how to use it. Robin is just an ordinary cop in
this movie with no combat skills, yet Bruce Wayne gives away the cave
to him and settles down with the supposed Catwoman.
			
1. This movie is almost 3 hours long. Out of this 3 hours Batman was
sick and crippled 2 hours. He was in his batman suit and did his batman
stuff 15 minutes.2. I could not understand 80% of what Bane was saying.3. There are A LOT of long, boring, brainwashing , clich dialogs.4. Gotham painfully reminded me of LA and NY. I mean really painfully.5. Throughout the movie i had a feeling that i was watching some stupid
piece of propaganda how wonderful all super rich people are and how
dumb are the rest of us. That orphanage in Bruce's house almost made me
puke.Catwoman was rather enjoyable character.This movie, or should i rather say this propaganda piece would appeal
to a people with very low IQ and some really die hard Batman fans.
			
i cant believe that some people are giving 10 rating for this
pretentious,boring film.some are blinded by the hype and mass
hysteria.even though they feel the movie boring,they are not willing to
accept it.the guy who sat beside us in the theatre fell asleep halfway
through the film and after the completion of film,he woke up and
clapped.lol.all they want is part of batman patron and feel cool about
it.coming to the film,its a rip-off of Bond film 'The World is not
Enough'. In both films, the innocent woman is ultimately revealed to be
the true mastermind/villain and the "monstrous villain" works for her
out of devotion. Both are also willing to sacrifice themselves for
love. Not to mention Bane was very much like Renard (villain from
TWINE): a single named, intelligent anarchist terrorist with super
strength due to a disorder, and we are led to believe throughout the
bulk of both films that Bane and Renard are the masterminds behind the
plot. Then there's Miranda Tate and Elektra King; beautiful,foreign
businesswomen who deal in global energy.Both earn the trust of the hero
(Bond/Wayne) while becoming romantically involved with them, though
it's all a part of their plan to use the hero's company (MI6 and Wayne
Enterprises) to her own ends. The plans are basically the same as well:
steal reactor- nuclear material with the goal of nuking an entire city
(Gotham and Istanbul). Another leading lady who is foxy at first and
helps the hero later.character Q - Lucius fox with gadgets,M -
alfred.Just added the holy drama stuff like depressed,burdened,not
so-heroic Batman and hope for the city blah..blah.the icy
post-apocalyptic,anarchy episodes are boring.there are many plot-holes
and logicless scenes like taking a big city as hostage for months
			
I'm starting to suspect there's some mass cultural delusion effect at
work here, and in a few decades time people will come to realise that
it is, in fact, just about as bad as a film can be and is easily the
weakest of Nolan's Batman trilogy. Let's explore why.1. Why is Marion Cotillard in this film? This is the wrong role for
her. Her death sequence was a masterclass in bad acting. And if you
didn't see the obvious twist that she was Talia after a whole movie of
hanging around conspicuously it's time for a sight test.2. That blonde Selina was hanging around with really heavily implied
Catwoman was a lesbian, or bisexual if you count her shoehorned-in
fleeting kisses with Bruce. Why?3. The movie is filled with pointless characters. "Here's a new major
or minor character, we'll stop the plot dead in it's tracks while they
give dull exposition about their past and their motivations". This
happened at least half a dozen times. In the case of Bane it would have
been justified... if they had told his backstory all at once, not
tediously dragged it out.4. Why did a nuclear reactor core contain a red countdown clock? Did
Lucius Fox know that it would be hijacked, and made life easier for the
hijackers by letting them know when it would explode? More irritating
is how characters in the film keep mentioning there's a bomb and saying
how many days/hours remain, like they have forgotten.5. There is no tangible sense of time, of scale, or of anything at
stake. I was waiting for the movie to establish a sense of what really
mattered. Would it create a real feeling of being in Gotham? It never
did: it became more convoluted and confusing instead. I never got the
feeling there were millions of lives at stake or that there was
anything worth caring about.6. The movie takes itself too seriously. It was a gloomy dirge of
self-pity and heavy-handed, lazy commentary about current affairs, with
that stupid pounding music score pulsing along underneath ratcheting up
the tension because the writing couldn't.7. Robin was written in so he could take on the mantle of Gotham's
leading superhero at the end. The other things he did were things Jim
Gordon could have done if the movie hadn't put him in a hospital bed.
Getting rid of Robin would have also dispensed with the pointless
subplot where he is trying to save a busload of orphans. I rolled my
eyes at that one.8. In other versions of Batman, Bane is huge because he's on a
supersteroid called Venom. In Rises it is never really explained,
despite the fact he was a tiny child when he escaped the well prison.
His death sequence was also terrible; the film spends so much time
building him up as some kind of badass Batman can't beat, then he dies
with relative ease.9. The sound mixing was terrible. Even characters that didn't have a
stupid mask with batteries taped on the front (Bane) were, at times,
very hard to hear. Considering how many millions were spent it really
should have had reference quality surround sound audio.10. Chris Nolan is not good at directing this type of picture. In all
of the Nolan Batman films (including Batman Begins, which I like
despite this problem) he doesn't seem to know how to direct scenes,
whether they are action, quiet drama or a mix of both. Camera placement
is all wrong. The "Bane and Batman slug it out on a rusty walkway"
scene feels claustrophobic despite the fact it's supposed to be some
kind of huge fighting pit. It might as well be taking place inside a
vacuum.11. Jim Gordon in his infinite wisdom stops what he thinks is the bomb
truck with... a regular passenger coach, which would have broken apart
under the weight.12. Gary Oldman cannot hold his American accent for even one scene.13. Batman is a plot device, not a character. It used to be something
special when the cape and cowl were on. But the way Nolan has shot
Batman here never made me feel he was the last bastion of justice in a
corrupt city, powerful enough to keep criminals at bay with both his
mind and his fists. He's one-dimensional and boring.14. Despite the fact Alfred mentions how underprepared Bruce his,
despite the fact Bruce's doctor tells him he has no knees, all he does
is strap a bionic movement device to one of his legs and is suddenly
sprightly enough to be Batman again.15. Plenty of other problems the internet already covered.CONCLUSIONThere's no weight or levity to The Dark Knight Rises because characters
and objects jump to where the poorly-constructed plot requires them to
be, as if they were beamed there by a Star Trek transporter. The
balance of the real and the exaggerated was just right in Batman Begins
but in this one it bounces from set piece to boring drama scene and
back again with no sense of cohesion, logic or grace. It's a complete
mess.On the other hand, maybe it is a great movie and I just can't see it.
Or maybe when the cultural zeitgeist changes direction everyone not so
close to it and not hyped up to breaking point will see it's not all
that. Time will tell.SUMMARY1. It's everything that was bad about The Dark Knight ramped right up.2. It's everything that was good about Batman Begins removed or
neutered.3. It wastes good actors and a pretty large budget.4. It is joyless and illogical.5. It is one of the worst films I have ever seen.But it's not all bad: at least it wasn't available in 3D!
			
The characters are void of purpose most of the movie; terrible
explanation of why and who are the "people" raising against the status
quo; fighting scenes that are worst than Chinese B movies (knocking a
guy out with a box is not acceptable anymore, or a dozen armed men
choosing to wait those extra seconds just enough to fail and then
trowing punches at the bat instead of using the guns in the first
place), the whole bruce wayne goes to "hell on earth" prison that ends
up to be a hole with a bunch of old farts where all he does are some
sit-ups... come on, it's just plane wrong. But the piece de resistance
is when the bat tops the line "a hero can just be the guy who puts a
coat over a children's shoulders and let's him know the world is
yadadada...". I mean, after the dark knight with Ledger, pfffff, this
is simply WRONG! Oh, and the end... why make a whole plan to get the
bomb to a designated place with all the work involved if all you needed
to do was grab a cable and lift it to the sea? I mean, this movie is
right there along Charlie's angels and stuff like that. Where's the
power punch of the first two? This sucks! Big time!
			
In order that this review doesn't sound like it came from the
Department of Redundancy Department, I will try not to cover the same
ground as my predecessors in declaring that the Emperor has no clothes.
Rather, I will try and discuss the little things that made this a big,
bad film.Let me also say I am not a worshipper of Mr. Nolan, nor am I a staunch
detractor of his. The Prestige is one of the best and most original
films I have ever seen. I enjoyed Memento, and also Batman Begins.I was not a fan of Inception, and my feelings on The Dark Knight are
mixed. I very much enjoyed Heath Ledger's performance as the Joker, and
the way the Joker's character was written. I thought the Joker's
monologue in the hospital when he explained to Harvey Dent that the
hokey pokey IS what it's all about was nothing short of brilliant.I did not come to The Dark Knight Rises ready to hate it, or love it. I
watched the film, objectively, and I saw it a second time from a better
seat in a different theater, just to make sure I wasn't being unfair.Nope.Sorry Mr. Nolan, sir.Your movie sucks.Why? Because, as the Joker might remind us, the Devil is in the
details.Details, details, details, it is the little things that the mind
notices. Some of us laugh and call "BS" when John Wayne gets eleven
shots out of a six-shooter, but we believe it when Clint Eastwood or
Bruce Willis never have to reload, because they swear and they have
dirt and blood on their costumes and faces.For example, the matter of Bruce Wayne's fingerprints.Mr. Wayne is not only Batman, he is also a billionaire businessman.
Surely, he would be a bit more, oh, perturbed that his fingerprints
have been stolen. Let's be serious. If you found out that your
fingerprints, or something else intimately connected to you, like your
SSN or your signature had been stolen, wouldn't you be thinking about
the possibility of identity theft? Wouldn't you be in a cold sweat that
someone was going to use those fingerprints to perform a total
cashectomy on you? Well, Bruce Wayne isn't. He's pretty cavalier about
the whole thing. Ah, well, so somebody wants to steal my identity. Or
my money. It's not like I'm a billionaire or I have a secret identity
or anything.Wait.ALFRED! Ah, yes, but Alfred's not coming, Master Bruce. You see, he's
so worried about you being completely unhinged, and unready to get back
in the Bat-tights, and the possibility that you might be killed that
he's just going to take it on his toes and leave you to your own
devices when you're at your weakest point and you need him the most.Hurm.And then we have the matter of Miranda/Talia. Here I am thinking Tony
Stark's the superhero who'll screw just about any interesting chick
who's willing and available, but, well, Bruce has been having a bad
month, we'll cut him some slack.Except Tony has staff members who do background checks on his
playmates, and staff who dismiss them when he's through playing.With a few bucks and a non-disclosure statement, most likely.You would think that before Bruce Wayne wagered HALF his assets on a
business partnership with Miranda, he would have used his
state-of-the-art, info-the-KGB-CIA-MI5-doesn't have supercomputer to do
a thorough background check.He is the goddamn Batman, after all.Well, he didn't. Not did he do any research on her before they got
involved, kind of out of the clear blue sky.But he didn't find her sudden romantic interest fishy, and hey, she
seemed like a nice girl, why not pass up Alfred, or Lucius Fox and just
let her have the whole shebang.And then, after we discover How Bruce Got His Groove Back, he decides
to buy some pastel shirts and abscond to the continent, leaving Gotham,
and the Batman legacy in the hands of some cop named Robin (groan) with
another very nice girl who has shown him that she's a liar and a thief
who probably doesn't have his best interests at heart.Here's to you, Alfred. Sorry you're broke. Good luck with all those
orphans and none of my money, relying on the city to keep you funded.Burn the furniture in the rooms you're not using for heat if they cut
you off for a few years. Get the boys some paper routes.Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go return some videotapes.Hurm, I say again, because this person doesn't sound like any Bruce
Wayne I've ever encountered, in any of his many incarnations.I mean, Adam West was a lot more on the ball in the old TV show. And if
this is Bruce Wayne as an, ahem, realistic character? Realistically,
this self-pitying, egocentric, blundering half-wit wouldn't have ever
made it out of that Asian prison in the first movie.Riddle me this? When is Bruce Wayne not Batman? In this film. Because
there is no Devil in these details, indeed, if you are looking for The
Dark Knight in Bruce Wayne as portrayed in this film, there is no-one
there at all.
			
Hype can kill a movie, and I think the fanboys can't handle the fact
that this film isn't the cinematic masterpiece it was made out to be.
Therefore, they still give the film 10/10 because they can't accept
failure. I think this Avengers vs. TDKR crap has really riled them up
(note, I am NOT an Avengers fanboy). Ever since the release of The Dark
Knight, there have been a new legion of insane fanboys and they
outnumber everyone. They are always right, we are wrong. But hey, TDKR
is amazing because it's supposed to be, right? Wrong.Let's discuss the film at hand. It's called The Dark Knight Rises which
is a stupid name for a movie. Let's discuss how dumb this movie is.- John Blake randomly figures out Batman's identity. So according to
Blake's logic, every orphan knows who Batman is. Give me a break.- The nuclear reactor changes into a bomb in a few minutes. Do some
research, this is impossible. It's also funny how it has a LED display.
LOL.- So, Bruce Wayne falls in love with Selina Kyle after she steals his
mother's necklace, steals his car, and then sets him up against Bane
which resulted in his back being broken. Explain, why does Bruce
love/trust her after all that? It makes no sense. And why does Catwoman
randomly change from bad to good? No explanation, which shows the
laziness of the screenwriters.- The prison Bruce is sent to has a way to escape with no guards. What
a weak plot device. You'd think Bane would leave some of his men there
just to make sure nothing goes wrong. I mean, he obviously knows people
can escape. And plus there is a rope Bruce throws down after he leaves.
Couldn't any average Joe just walk up there and throw the rope down?
Come on Bane... I thought you were smarter than this!- How did Bruce make that jump with an injured knee? No explanation.
Lazy screen writing.- If you do your research, you will learn that Bruce magically healing
his back like that is impossible. More lazy screen writing.- Why did Talia wait so long to blow Gotham up? Why not do it right
when Batman returns, right when the people regain hope? But she waits,
and waits, and waits... also got to love her Razzie worthy death scene.- Funny how Batman stands around listening to Talia's final speech when
there is a bomb about to blow up the city!- Batman gets stabbed but he's OK... because he's Batman.- Uhm, why didn't Batman use any gadgets against Bane in the first
fight? Well, he used those lame firecrackers, but you're telling me he
doesn't have anything better? Seriously.- Catwoman possesses the ability to magically appear wherever she needs
to be. Kind of like the Joker. It's a pretty cool super-power.- The writers couldn't think of anything more original than a bomb
timed to blow up a city? Like that hasn't been used before. What a
shame that this final film resorts to using so many clichs.- TDKR is a fat ripoff of THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH, which is a James
Bond film. More lazy screen writing.- Uh, Bane and his minions magically get motorcycles after the Stock
Exchange heist.- Day randomly changes to night.- Poorly choreographed fight scenes (Nolan is TERRIBLE at shooting
action).- How about sending almost all of Gotham's police force in the sewers
to get Bane? Please explain to me what makes sense about that.Yeah, this film is unrealistic garbage and is an insult to film lovers.
If you like clichs, hectic pacing, plot holes, forced romances, cheesy
dialogue, and lame action scenes, then this film is for you!
			
I think the other reviewers are on crack... This is one of the worst
films I have seen in a long time. The plot made on sense, Bain was
horribly misrepresented as one of the greatest comic villains, and the
story had horrific plot twists that made on sense as to why it was even
in the movie. To me the only saving grace was killing Batman because
they killed his career with this insipid movie but alas they even
screwed that up.This is just simply a bad movie with a few special effects that of
course were completely impossible in real life and mostly wasted
scenes. Wait for the CD and use it for a pot holder...at least you
might get something positive from this movie...
			
The above quote is from Roger Ebert's review of the 1999 stinkeroo
"Wild Wild West," but it is eminently suited to this waste of time,
talent, and filthy lucre. The kid from "3rd Rock From The Sun" is
mind-blowingly miscast as the deuteragonist, the cat lady has all the
world-weary sex appeal of a fatal fishing accident, and Nolan's
apparent desire to deify and then blow every cop in sight is downright
sickening.The mask "holds the pain in?" What kind of idiocy are we expected to
swallow? This was not just poorly written, but actually asinine, and
"asinine" is not a word I use lightly, much like "gonorrhea" or
"complete transmission rebuild." Plot holes and contrivances abound, so
numerous I shan't trouble with them except to say that conventional
wisdom tells us that the US has about a three-day supply of food on
hand if the supply chain were interrupted, but Gotham has enough for
three months without outside help, which Bane explicitly forbade?
Including enough to feed thousands of cops trapped underground,
presumably so they'll be on hand for the assault on Mordor at the end
of the film? And all this is handwaved away by Detective Exposition
telling another character that "they're getting food and water." Based
on the fit and energetic fellows who show up at said assault, they ate
pretty good down there. Let's say ninety days underground at three
meals a day for 4000 guys (a woefully small number-- the real NYPD has
over 34000 uniforms). That's over a million meals! How'd that work
again? Even if they only got one MRE a day, that's over 350000 meals.
In a city of about a million and a half (again assuming parity with
Manhattan), that's a lotta food. Where'd they get it? I don't ask (or
expect) much of films, honestly, but I do insist on crap making sense.To sum up, boring, lifeless, silly, and pretentious. The socialist
class-warfare claptrap the cat lady kept spouting didn't help, either.
Badly written, mostly badly acted, trite, and conventional. Everything
wrong with Hollywood in a 200-million-dollar nutshell. Overblown drivel
masquerading as deep social commentary.Dreck.
			
It took me one week to finally watch this whole movie, fell asleep
twice, got distracted by lint in my belly button, watching paint dry,
etc. I don't know what people are looking at. This was SOO boring and
the plot holes and ridiculous story lines was just too much. I agree
with all the other negative reviews... couldn't understand anything
Bane said, the fight scenes were 'yawn' boring, what happened to
Batman's kick ass kungfu???He got slapped around like a 2 dollar
hooker... no reasonable explanations for anything-how did he get back
to US??? and what kind of "hell on earth" prison has cable TV?
Policeman come out of dark sewage like they are getting ready for a
parade...the big melee fight, police have no guns, bad guys have guns
and they just let the police beat them up???Talia's death scene, she
needs to go back to acting school, I just burst out laughing...it goes
on and on and on. Save your money, wait till it comes to video.
			
Part 1 and 2 where good but part 3 is something really boring. After
the first part of this movie when I saw it in the cinema I still hoped
it would get better and maybe even awesome. This didn't happen. The
first part of the movie made a couple of my friends, sitting next to
me, fall asleep. This almost happened to me too and that would have
been the second time ever if it would have happened. Instead I laughed
because two of my friends had indeed fallen asleep. batman does almost
nothing in the first hour because he is crippled or something. How
exciting, a batman who can't do anything. And I'm not writing batman
with a capitol b because this batman isn't worth pressing the shift
key. Catwoman is pretty cool. The problem here however is that she
isn't really Catwoman. She's is just a girl with cool moves and a tight
outfit. No cats anywhere. The bad guy is nice but the movie is so slow
that it doesn't matter. In the second part of the movie we see batman
recovering from a hernia just like that. All of sudden he is the man
again. However, this doesn't give you any real cool Batman action.
Noooo just the same lame batman action we had to see (or sleep through)
all movie long. Most of the things batman does, he does from some bat
bike or bat plane which is boring. I almost forgot, the acting by most
actors isn't really good. Most of it is boring, again. Except for the
butler played by Michael Caine. He's a good actor in most of his movies
but manages to make you laugh your ass off when he starts a sentimental
lecture to Bruce Wayne. It's so funny when he starts crying and makes
the movie even more stupid. It's not that I can't take sentimental
moments, no. Believe me, it just looked ridiculous. And of course
batman needs someone to follow in his footsteps because well, he kills
himself trying to save the city. We can all see who's going to be the
new Robin halfway through but I remembered Batman and Robin working
together from old series, cartoons etc. These two hardly know each
other. I don't know if they even meet in this movie. I can't remember
because I'd rather remember a movie that's worth watching like the
first two of this series. Or even better, the movies with Micheal
Keaton as Batman. That Batman kicked ass!!
			
Overlong, talky and boring.....And who had the idea of having a villain with a art-deco ashtray on his
mouth? Bane is one of the most poorly developed villains in history.
What were they thinking? What is the point of hiding is face and facial
expressions?The dialog is painful, tedious. The film is overlong, bloated, they
tried to pack too much into it and the result is very confusing. Anne Hathaway in unconvincingly flimsy looking. Not to mention she has
no charisma, chemistry with Batman.Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine (the coolest characters) are given
minimal screen time.I rather watch Adam West's Batman. At least it was fun.
			
A horrible, bloated, clumsy and often surprisingly amateurish mess that
constantly reaches for profoundly unearned emotions and falsely
pumped-up thrills. Ann Hathaway's Catwoman is, by miles, the best thing in this
overcrowded, misguided concoction (of course she's never called
Catwoman, because ultimately Nolan is embarrassed to be doing a super
hero movie, as virtually every creative decision he makes here proves).
But like anything else that might even be a little bit interesting in
this movie, her character and storyline are steamrolled with the rest
of the ingredients into a flat, boring cacophony.The music is relentlessly pounding, probably in the hopes that you wont
notice how rickety and poorly crafted the story is. Christian Bale virtually phones in his performance. He plays Batman as
a mouth-breather (he actually never closes his mouth when in the cowl,
making Batman look like some poor kid at summer camp with severe
allergies) and he's incapable of bringing the slightest touch of
character to Bruce Wayne. Where is Batman the master martial artist?
The World's Greatest Detective? The unstoppable force of nature? Not
here. Not in this movie. And the amazing Tom Hardy? Completely wasted and mostly unintelligible. The script is a train wreck. There are more plot holes and leaps of
logic in this film than in the Avengers, and that movie had a Norse God
fighting alongside a monster of science against giant interdimensional
worms. The Avengers, by the way, was twice as fun, which was expected,
but shockingly, only half as stupid as this movie. Here, let me give you a rundown of terrible, terrible logic loops,
sustained stupidity, and just flat out disregard the for audience's
intelligence. SPOILERS! 1. A massive terrorist raid on the stock exchange to make a single
trade that leaves Bruce Wayne Broke. Okay... what the f.u.c.k.? A.
Hacking a computer system does not require proximal space violence.
It's called hacking. B. You're telling me they didn't shut down the
stock exchange in a crises situation? C. No one questioned a massive
trade that rendered one of the wealthiest men in the world broke, when
that trade was performed in the middle of a destructive high-speed
chase that would have been news across the entire country, let alone
the entire world?2. Batman and Bruce Wayne are the least interesting characters to the
filmmakers. Batman's time on screen is incidental and his actions
boring. It is a Batman film with no interest in Batman at all.3. The Harvey Dent tough-on-crime bill has ended crime? Have you ever
seen, in your lifetime, a city go from total social meltdown to utopia
where the cops have nothing to do, because of a single bill that was
passed? Later, when Gordon knows Dent didn't die a hero, he doesn't
tell anyone, because somehow this will make the law less effective? For
all his desire to make a "real world" superhero film, Nolan obviously
has no idea about how the real world works. Toon Town in the Roger
Rabbit movie had a more realistic governing set of laws.4. Bruce Wayne is in prison forever and we hear the same damn story
told over and over and over again, and it's all gender neutral so they
can have one last tedious reveal at the end. 5. "Your spinal vertebrae is sticking out of your back, here let me
just punch it in! GHA! There much better. Only a matter of time before
you're batman again."6. I once saw an episode of Vice Travel where some journalist bought a
dirty bomb in Chechnya for a handful of cash. Yeah. But Bane doesn't
like doing things the easy way. God forbid he just buy a bomb from a
corrupt ex-soviet general. No, instead he elaborately fakes the death
of a scientist (apparently the only nuclear physicist in the world, by
the way), waits for Wayne to build a fusion generator beneath Gotham so
he can then steal its core and use it as an atomic bomb to hold ALL OF
GOTHAM hostage. Then kills the scientist.7. It takes five months for the US to send special ops into Gotham?
Really? Let's say Gotham is New York, which it is in this ponderous
piece of crap. Let's say a terrorist was holding New York Hostage...
for five months. You're telling me that the citizens of New York, that
the military of the United States, that the nuclear scientists of the
world... are going to let that happen? That the people won't rise up
immediately, that the military won't have drones flying around
constantly looking for radiation signatures and have infiltrated the
whole damn island with special ops, that the scientists won't figure
out a way to drop EMP pulse grenades across the island to shut down the
mechanical device that triggers the fission explosion? Five months of
just sitting on their hands?8. An atomic explosion off the coast of Gotham, and everything's cool!
No worries! Radiation fallout? Na. Poisoned ocean? Forget about it. No
big deal.9. And the worst crime of all, the co-opting of the OCCUPY RHETORIC to
disenfranchise the movement. Occupy Wall St. slogans are readily and
repeatedly spoken by a monstrous, mad, deceiving, mass murdering
terrorist. Do we ever see the plight of the average joe in DK Rises?
Never. Which is shocking since there are about 300 characters, each
with more screen time than Batman. What we get is a real life political
movement used in the fictional service of Kangaroo Courts, martial law,
and dictatorship. I don't care if Nolan meant for Bane to be using the
language of Occupy for his own corrupt and selfish ends, it's
irresponsible filmmaking.And that's just some of the eye-rolling stupidity packed into this
thing. All and all, DK Rises is tedious, boring crap.
			
Awful cuts, below average direction, pathetic screenplay, horrible
dramaturgy. It has been a long time since I witnessed such a failure on
the big screen. I decided to register on IMDb 10 minutes ago, because I
am flabbergasted that someone could consider this feature 1st among all
time motion pictures. Outrageous.The whole movie feels like a classic hero movie we've all seen before.
Full of bad clichs, most of them presented in a most ineffective way.How can you turn a movie with Sir Michael Caine (very good), Morgan
Freeman (good), Joseph Gordon-Levitt (best of them all), Gary Oldman
(ok) and Christian Bale (below expectations Christian, you are capable
of so much more than this) into such a fiasco?Their presence along with Anne Hathaway (boring) and Marion Cotillard
(good) is what saves the whole 2h+ dumb attempt at manipulating the
masses into following a remotely tolerable fantasy.I have seen better movies from Nolan, the way they stitched together
bits and pieces of the story to patch up a leaking narrative is almost
offensive.No respect whatsoever for the intelligence of the public. They could
have put in a much better effort to weave together the several strands
of the adventure and they did not do so.Just put a monkey with a mask to lead the bad guys, then... SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER ...reveal to everyone that behind him is a devious woman the hero has a
relationship with.Wow, what a cool message. We've never seen it before! Thanks a lot. We
can once again cheerfully associate the fact you let someone close to
your heart with the fact that she will stab you and be so stupid to go
and try to kill other people.END OF SPOILER SPOILER SPOILERAnd please, put a lot of nice words into the mouth of the villain, so
that whatever he says to defend the people from the banks will be
considered evil, especially in connection to articulate arguments and
perfectly defensible opinions about the bank crisis situation.I hope this comes not out of fear of loosing personal richness that
Nolan decided to sell the world this gross installment of the Batman
Movies series.What is the message here? No matter how much people suffer because of
bank debt, or how articulate any defense of their rights against the
politics that try and steal more from them, they are still monkeys with
a mask and should be considered evil?If you are going to try mass control in the internet era try harder.
And for batsake, make a movie worth spending money and 2h+ to begin
with, this at least can be asked of you.
			
The plot is a total nonsense from the beginning to the end. They don't
even try to make it believable. I know it's a super hero movie, we're
not in the real world, but still. I felt this movie was an insult to
the public. It's like saying you don't understand anything of what is
happening in the world around you, why would you care to understand
what is going on in the movie? We end up with a very childish plot
where whatever you want to happen just happens with magic. A nuclear
reactor turned into a nuclear bomb with a screwdriver in 2 minutes in a
garage, a broken spine healed with a rope and 3 push ups, it's all like
this. Just boring and lazy. Even the fights are lame. Bane and Batman
are supposed to be the 2 best fighters in the world but they fight like
a couple of drunk cowboys. Jackie Chan would kick their butt in no
time. Can't believe it's rated 8.7 today.
			
From the moment I saw The Dark Knight I couldn't wait to see the
sequel, but I must say, the dark knight rises disappoints in so many
ways compared to the previous movie. After the first 30 minutes my last
hope was the character of Bane to spice up the movie a bit so we can
feel at least partially the greatness of the previous movie, but that
did not happen at all. The character of Bane, sounding funny, with no
expressions at all, with this funny, performance-limiting mask, was
huge disappointment for me. The movie lacks the involvement of Gotham's
people, lacks the outstanding joker craziness yet somehow brilliant
approach to bring the dark side in most innocent of Gotham's, and the
Gotham's finest, and bring them to uncontrollable chaotic madness. It
is an expensive movie, I'l give you that, you can feel it all the way,
but that wasn't even close to good enough. You can't just throw in
expensive actors and expect a great movie from that investment alone.
Huge disappointment for me, I was expecting something entirely
different from this picture. All this unconvincing talking an talking,
few poorly calculated "bang" scenes and whole lot of disappointment
trough the entire movie.I missed the Joker's brilliance and simplicity so painfully :( "Madness
is like gravity, all it takes is a little push.." but this movie lacks
a lot more then "little push" I can't hardly rate it even "half as
good"
			
So is The Dark Knight Rises better than The Dark Knight? If you were
one of those fans who prefer Batman Begins to TDK then you'll find much
to love about TDKR. And if you weren't then no Batman film will ever
match TDK for you. (SPOLIER ALERT)And yes, it is The End, a resounding
resolution for what Batman Begins begun. Threads from that film are
picked up, lengthened and strengthened, bringing a staunch integrity 
in every sense  to the overall arc. Is it perfect? Factor in some
clunky catch-up exposition near the start, a cringey log-fire love
scene and moments where Hans Zimmer's score nearly foghorns the actors
off the screen and the answer's no. An even bigger question: is it up
there with The Dark Knight? Not quite.
			
This movie is plainly stupid and offending to every intelligent human
being. It has no sense at all. Fight scenes looked worse than movies
from 1970s. Hand to hand combat was absolutely boring and simply very
badly made.Catwoman character is also stupid. This character is absolutely without
any conscience and its plainly stupid that Batman would keep some false
promise about her, that "something more is in you than that". I
associated it with her "comeback" at the end. However, this is
absolutely outrageous how director forced the whole plot ending around
this character. The logic was that she would leave the city as she
said. Her return was just forced bullshit and just because of it Batman
"survived".The whole scene where Batman was poked with the knife where he "should
have died" was totally mindless. He looks like he was dying while she
was speaking to him and suddenly when catwoman came to him he just
stood up without any sign of injury...CMOOOOONThe whole scene where 3K policemen should have engaged into assault
against Banes forces was utterly stupid. Both sides possesses weapons
so they should have covered and shoot !!! Instead, director chose the
most stupid choice where both sides WERE RUNNING AGAINST EACH OTHER and
engaged in HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT !! CMOOOOOOOOON !!! Is this movie made
for people with IQ level below 70 ???Additionaly, it was brainwashing from psychological point of view as
well. In the scene where Bruce was in the jail, the only hurdle which
he needed to overcome WAS REALIZATION THAT HE MUST HAVE FEAR FROM DEATH
IN ORDER TO SUCECSSFULLY JUMP ! CMOOOOOON Every psychologist would tell
you that fear is limiting emotion because when one feels fear, his
whole focus and thinking revolves around object of his fear, NOT ON THE
SOLUTION OF THE PROBLEM !!!I COOULD JUST GO ON AND ON AND ON WHY is this movie brainwashing,
stupid thing. I really don't get positive reviews ! DO people REALLY
accept this blasphemy to the intelligence of human being ? OUTRAGEOUS
!!!
			
This movie reminded me a lot of watching a transformer movie. There was
almost no plot, horrible acting, and overblown, unrealistic action
scenes. It was as if Nolan thought by having constant action, it would
be a great movie. He was dead wrong. The villain in the movie, Bain,
was the worst bad guy I have ever seen. He was a bad actor, extremely
hard to understand at times, and added little to the movie. In my
opinion, all of the acting was atrocious. Furthermore, I know it's a
batman movie but I've never seen a movie that consistently had so many
unrealistic aspects. I don't want to give away anything, but over and
over again the most ridiculous incidents and scenes occurred. It was
almost like a 12 year old with no sense of anything realistic wrote the
movie. By far the worst Nolan movie I have ever seen. It's truly a
shame the third part of the trilogy was so poorly written, filmed,
edited, and directed. I don't know how anyone could rate this movie a
10. I went inwith low expectations because the first Dark Knight was so
good and I knew this one would not be nearly as good. The movie didn't
ever meet my meager expectations. It was truly awful, not even worth
the price of admission.
			
After reading so many good reviews I was expecting a lot more from this
movie. The time line is completely screwed, events even more impossible
than any other super hero or even science fiction movie I've seen
lately and I can't count the number of times I thought "Oh come on!..
that's just ridiculous". Certainly there are nice images and interesting characters but the
story sucks so much it made the movie absolutely boring and ridiculous
to me.I was not a fan of the previous Batman movies but at least I found
something interesting the first 2 movies of this trilogy. This is more
like a science fiction movie and nothing like the other movies which
were a lot more realistic and close to my idea of what Batman should be
like.
			
What a load of rubbish! I can't believe I actually went to see this
tripe. It was only because I went with friends (and they all wanted to
see it), that I went.Nearly three hours of utter clap-trap. I didn't understand the
story-line, I couldn't tell what the guy with the "Alien type" mask
over his faced was saying? I couldn't care less about ANY of the
characters.. There was no story to it... All of the actors (such as
Christian Bale and Michael Caine and Anne Hathaway were obviously just
doing it for the money).. Christian Bale should be ashamed as he has
done such fine work in his time such as "The Machinist" etc.All that money and THIS is what Hollywood gives us these days!!!! Where
are all the GOOD films these days? Where are the "Schindlers List's"...
Where are the "Empire Of The Sun's" or "Eyes Wide Shut", where are all
the arty films such as last years "The Artist"?? This film was utter
rubbish!
			
I have just seen this movie and was deeply disappointed. I think this
is the worst movie I have seen in years. I really liked the previous
film "The dark knight" with Heath Ledger in a fantastic role as the
joker, but this film !? Why not rename it "The dark knight s". The
messy plot, all the logical faults, the soft comments where to
sacrifice oneself for the city of Gotham, the tears, the worn out
wisdom of the wise-man in the cave. I suspect a "we're only in it for
the money" attitude for the creators of this film, but then again it
looks as if they tried but failed, and an expensive film to make it
must have been. Why not use some of that money on an intelligent plot.
Instead of this mess. Just forget this movie and save your money, and
your time.
			
Bad guys: have selective omniscience, perfect security, complete
willingness to die for a very obscure cause. Perfect precision in
operation. Good guys: Absolute idiots, useless in a fight, completely
disorganized.Plot: Riddled with holes you could drive truck through, even
contradicting itself five minutes later because, apparently, the
scriptwriter couldn't be bothered to care. Motivations of characters: None, on either side. Stuff just happens.
The stated goals of the characters make no sense, but then very little
does.Time scale: Disjointed. Things that should take months take minutes and
vice verse.Fun level: Zero. No character in this film is particularly sympathetic.
Action sequences are dull and look exactly like previous outings, not
to mention none of them are of any consequence, solving nothing. Of
course, you may enjoy pointless beatings, but don't expect them to
advance the plot--whatever the plot is.This film is the Mass Effect 3 of the superhero film.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is the final part of Chris Nolan's Batman
Trilogy. It is also certainly the worst of the three, behind the
average Batman Begins and the fantastic The Dark Knight.The Dark Knight Rises is about the idea that determination leads to
triumph over evil. It tries to demonstrate this idea with the main
external plot of Save Gotham. This plot is supported by two others. The
first is Batman's redemption and Reputation and the second is
Catwoman's internal moral compass.The problem for me was that I can find no more than one significant
turning point on each of these three plots. On the main plot. Bane goes
from triumph to triumph as he enslaves Gotham with no disruption until
the end. Similarly, on the Batman Reputation front, it is in the trash
until he saves the city at the end. Finally, Catwoman is morally
corrupt and betrays Batman ... until the end when she and the whole
story turns around on one blazing action packed sequence. Somehow these
few dramatic bits are supposed to fill a 2+ hour story. They don't. And
the pictorial depiction of Bane's triumph is boring, boring, and
boring. For solace, I guess we could always rewatch The Dark Knight.My Story Chart of the movie is at storycharts.ca.
			
What a stinker. Let me state for the record that I'm a fan of the first
batman from 1989. Not the movies made since than It may not have been
true towards the comic, but it was a whole lot better than the crap
they have produced with Christian bale in. The 89 version didn't rely
so heavy on super gadgets and fancy machinery. He had a car, a
grappling hook, a few smoke bombs and a plane (that Warner brothers
forced into the movie, just so they could sell toys) In the dark night
rises Almost everything is magic gadgets: a bike, a helicopter, an EMP
gun, Not to mention that a swat team wouldn't leave hostages unsecured
in a room just to run after bad guys. You dispatch people to secure
everyone in the room, in case one or more should develop cases of
Stockholm syndrome, while the rest of the team chase the bad guys.
****spoilers****spoilers Even worse the helicopter was armed, yet he
didn't shoot bane when he could. WTF batman are you retarded? ****end
of spoilers***** Not to mention the 1989 Alfred used to have balls
Michal Caine sounds like and old maid: ooh you can get hurt, Oooh
someone might beat you. All Michal caine does is walk around whining
about Bruce Wayne running around playing batman. After listening to him
for 2 minutes I wanted to strangle him. Not to mention that batman
fights like a girl. Bane weakest point would be he's breathing mask,
yet batman never tries to damage it. Batman is a friggin wussy compared
to how he was portrayed by Michal Keaton, not to mention you can hardly
understand anything Bane says. Gorden levitt looks like he was hoping
for a part as boy wonder/ robin. The only good character her was
Matthew Modine, and I don't even like him much. But this is one of the
better parts he has played by far. I found it funny how a bunch of
super trained mercenaries can't seem to hit a bunch of police men
moving in line side by side. Bales voice when he's in costume sound
like a little street kid playing tough. Even Val Kilmer was better
batman than Bale
			
As time goes by and the hype dies down and the Nolanites either grow up
or move on to other agendas, this film will be seen for what it really
is; a bloated, stupid, preposterous and dull entry in the cinematic
adventures of The Batman. If you are looking for Batman, you will be
disappointed as he is scarcely in the film. The first half is
particularly dull and could have easily been edited down drastically to
ease some of the pain. The pacing picks up in the second half, but
unfortunately, so does the absurdity in the plot. The motivation of the
villains is never explained in anywhere close to a satisfactory manner
and their actions defy all logic. The ending is particularly laughable
and even embarrassing to watch. Nolan fans who claim that these Batman
films are somehow rooted in the real world aren't really paying
attention. This film is every bit as bad as the Schumaker films, worse
because this takes itself seriously. THE DARK KNIGHT probably stands as
the best Batman film to date despite it's own flaws. THE DARK KNIGHT
RISES is the worst. I'd rather watch Adam West as Batman than this
mess.
			
I know taste is personal but this was so mega-watt stupid, that I can't
get over even the fact that sat through it. Yes, I saw "Batman Begins"
and "The Dark Knight" and I thought those were OK-enough
action/adventure films. (And yeah, I'm old enough that I watched and
loved the old Adam West Batman series on TV!)First off, the film looks just awful. It's so dark that many scenes are
impossible to watch, things flying by in the dark. You can't even enjoy
seeing the Batcycle or Batplane, as it's too dark to really what they
look like. You can't even really make out Batman's batsuit here.Christian Bale reprises the role; he's OK as Batman but never seems to
be enjoying or relishing the role. Once we establish Bruce Wayne as
this handicapped, his return to fighting strength is not credible -- if
you have no cartilage in both knees, you are lucky if you can walk up a
few stairs, let alone fist fight anyone.Bane? I hear that the villain is well-developed in the Batman graphic
novel universe; here he borders on ridiculous. He's got a Hannibal
Lektor bondage-type mask on through the WHOLE movie -- they never
unmask him, which the viewer is practically begging for by the end.
(They unmasked Darth Vader, for cripe's sake!) Tom Hardy works this
part pretty hard, but it's impossible to emote with a mask over your
MOUTH, and all your dialog not just mumbled, but mumbled in a strange
Gypsy accent.Anne Hathaway as Catwoman? Hathaway is pretty, but frail looking. She
is not credible in the fight scenes, where she ass-woops some big men
even though she weighs roughly 90 lbs. She also has zero sex chemistry
with Batman or Bruce Wayne. The stand out is Joseph Gordon-Levitt, maturing into a fine actor --
he's really almost the lead here, as Batman/Bruce Wayne are curiously
absent for over half the run-time.So again-- where to begin with all the ghastly flaws here? Having
Batman absent for most of the film is a serious error. Batman is so
weak and sickly here, he's not a hero -- just a weakling who fights
like a girl and gets beat up by the villain (Bane). He won't use
weapons, so he fights with his fists, even though the city is at stake
from terrorist with a NUCLEAR WEAPON. (The Federal government is
curiously disinterested and uninvolved with the proceedings, even over
5 months -- no special Ops, no Seal Team Six, no troops, nothing.)The police -- all of 'em -- go into the sewer system to hunt down Bane
and his team, with the result that they are all trapped....for 5
months. How do they eat? the FAQ states that "food is sent down through
manholes". OK -- then why can't they ESCAPE up the manholes? Yeesh.
It's just bad writing so that Bane can rule over the city.Unlike almost all other Americans, the residents of Gotham have no
personal guns or weapons and don't fight back.Some other critical errors IMHO:1. It's implied Bane was horribly mutilated while trying to save Talia
in prison -- his jaw torn off? all his teeth pulled? SOMETHING? but we
never learn what. This is a cheat. It must be pretty awful if he
requires a mask all the time, and pain medication constantly.2. What's with the stupid prison anyhow? People move in and out of it
like it was hotel -- no guards, no security. It seems to be down a
well. Men & women & children are all imprisoned in the same place -- no
cells, no restraints? A tiny child can easily escape? It must be pretty
darn close to Gotham, since Bane can drag Bruce Wayne there and back,
seemingly in an hour.3. When Bruce Wayne escapes finally from the well, he does it by not
taking a rope. But at the top of the well, he HAS a rope and throws it
back down -- to help the others escape? huh? Why say "no rope" and then
show him with a huge rope? 4. Why does the prison have a huge flat screen TV? what primitive third
world prison has a huge flat screen TV for PRISONERS, let alone gets
reception on it -- in English? (Where again is this prison??) Do they
have CABLE? for prisoners?5. The film posits that young orphaned boys in Gotham live in
orphanages, run by priests -- what is this, 1940 and "Bells of St.
Mary's" or something? Orphanages do not exist in the US; children
without parents live in foster homes, run by the state. The idea of
turning stately Wayne Manor into an orphanage is beyond ridiculous.6. Is John Blake (Gordon-Levitt) supposed to be Robin? They imply this,
but it is not consistent with the Batman canon. (Gordon-Levitt is a
better actor than Bale, and has more screen time, which badly
unbalances the story.)7. Bruce Wayne loses his entire fortune (???), in one bad investment.
Now he's poor. So how, at the end, is he able to go to Paris with
Selena Kyle and live comfortably? Paris is wicked expensive. Also:
Europe isn't on Neptune; how could someone that famous live openly in
Paris and nobody in the US ever notices or reads about him? Thats just a few of the more painful idiocies; the whole movie is
practically ready for Mystery Science Theatre 3000 -- almost every
scene has something thats flat-out absurd or illogical in it.In conclusion: a total waste of time. If I'd paid money to see this,
I'd be seriously angry. Fortunately I just viewed someone's DVD of it.
Even so, I won't get those 2.5 hours of my life back! AVOID.
			
This movie is bad entertainment.Not only does it not stand up with the standards of good plot / acting
/ reason whatsoever. Not only does it has nothing to do with the
concept of Batman, except that black costume they gave Christian B. The
worst part is that this movie is so morally impaired (and subliminally
justified), its influence on all the millions who watched and will
watch this movie is a corrupting one.It might sound a bit drastic, but I really wish this movie have never
been produced.I'm also surprised and disappointed that actors that I respect, like
Morgan F, took part in this distorted creation.
			
Hype. That was all there was to this film Hype. Pure and utter
deliriously deluded hype!How could something so obviously bad, get a 9.1 rating? Seriously? The
Dark Knight was a good enough movie. I think Heath Ledger made it so.
Not to say he carried the whole film, but yea you do miss the presence
of such an enigmatic, deep, three- dimensional character, when you have
to sit through almost 3 hours of flat, clichd, unbelievably boring
horrible acting. And if you want an actual moment, did you see the Tate
death? She did the most over the top, unrealistic death scene. It was
basically the textbook "say-my-last(CLICHED)-words" then literally
splutter to my death!On top of the horrible acting was the fact that it was backed by a very
weak script. You couldn't take a step in the movie without your foot
falling into a massive plot hole. They seemed to want to get everything
they had about Batman and just cram it into the last part of the
trilogy. I understand they wanted to cap stuff off, end things, put
stuff to rest, but by the end of it, any sane person will be left
wondering... What the HELL, did I just watch! The film was bloated, and
full at it seams with characters who should really not have had more
than 5 mins screen time max. Anne Hathaway as Catwoman, was a JOKE! Like anybody else I expected
Catwoman to ooze sexuality, danger and power yet I was left holding
back my urge to groan and yell at her absolute lack of an au naturale
"femme fatale"-ness. Her persona was too put on, and very unbelievable. I was with my boyfriend, who is a massive Comic fan, and he was begging
me to leave by the one and a half hour mark. I wanted to stay and to
see how they would finish this (and to be honest at that point, I was
wondering when the "climax" of the movie would decide to show up") I
should have left when he wanted to, because for every minute the movie
ticked over the two hour mark, I was getting angrier and angrier.
Before that I had an open enough mind, hoping that the movie would
explode something spectacular and yes I expected something to move me
like TDK did, but no. Nothing. Nada. The first hour could have been
collapsed into a ten minutes and they literally would not have lost
anything. There was just too much wrong with it, that even pointing out the good
is not worth it. There really is no point. All the people ignoring the
glaringly obnoxious negatives and just highlighting the few good parts
are truly just sad fans who are so blinded by the hype, that they
neglect to use actual taste to really see what this movie is about. And
when you look at it through my eyes, it's not about much, except,
making money out of blind followers.
			
This movie is the perfect example how good work will change peoples
perception off later work. The two previous movies were very good, this
one isn't. There are plot holes through which you could drive a whole
truckload of tumbelers. Just a few highlights: - The attack at the
stock exchange doesn't make sense whatsoever. This one in itself hat a
whole bunch of problems, but I'll focus on the biggest one: If you pull
something off like that, all they're going to do is reverse everything
you did. They can do that. They have backups. They have done it in the
past before. It's not like a truckload of gold you can just go and
steal. They can tell exactly what you've done and have every right to
reverse it.- Batmans magic healing (twice). So his body first got repaired by
magic bracer's (which he apparently never worse before or afterward.
Right, that's gonna magically repair his bones. Then his vertebrae gets
punched back in. That would actually make it worse. This is actually
one of the dumbest scenes I've ever seen.- Thalia. Really, Nolan? A sad attempt to A: have a plot twist again
and B: have that whole full circle thing going on.- The reactor. Sooo Bruce funds a reactor that could solve all energy
problems, hears someone could build a bomb out of it and therefore
builds a room under Gotham's river where he could dump the ACTIVE
reactor. Instead of, you know, disassembling it.- Bane was ridiculous. It's of course hard to follow up the joker, but
from his menacing appearance at the beginning, not much is left at the
end of the movie. Turns out, when you just punch him in the huge
obvious breathing apparatus that might as well have a bull's eye drawn
on it instead of his chest, that actually helps. Also doesn't help that
he wasn't actually the mastermind behind this plan.- The prison. Where no light ever comes in. Which is made clear. Has a
huge hole through which light comes in. Nolan? Also the escape from the
prison was stupid. Apparently, fear makes you jump a bit further. I
would like to add that this was performed before by a little girl.And it just goes on like that. The script looks like Nolan had about a
handful of ideas on his story board and couldn't come up with anything
but lazy ideas, stupid pathos and filler material. He somehow felt like
he needed to stuff the whole occupy-movement in there, doing it as
badly as he possible could, symbolism for the sake of symbolism
(burning bat anyone?), all in all it's just mediocre, not nearly worth
the praise it has been getting. Nolan screwed up majorly with this one.
Batman Begins and Dark Knight were great movies. This one definitely
wasn't.
			
I am going to start off by saying that I really enjoyed Batman Begins
and I loved The Dark Knight. Inception was also well done.I think this movie really calls Nolan's integrity into question. After
watching this movie I feel like it was a hurry up and get done so when
can get the profits out of it already type of project. I can't believe
any of the esteemed actors in this movie being particularly proud to
have worked on this movie.Overall I thought the acting in the movie was well done. Any fault
would result form the very poor script. Major problems with movie I had were:1. Bane: i really wanted to like him as a villain. But I felt there was
so little background story I felt his communist manifesto to be very
odd. I understand he was born in a prison and was very poor blah blah
blah...but what would make him want to come to Gotham, kill Batman, and
murder millions of people. Also I don't think the mouth piece thing,
which made him hard to understand, was very well explained. there was a
lot more about him that made no sense but I have forgotten it. 2.Bruce Wayne is very beat up. According to the doctor he is in very
poor physical health. I understand that the device given t him was
supposed to help but it seemed to cure all his other ailments too. Also
Im sure it would take more time to heal a severely injured spine. How
he recovered so quickly and then miraculously recovered form all injury
was astounding!3. Conveniently placed items for action sequences. The empty trailer
for batman to use his motorcycle to jump many levels seemed really
amateur. Like really? Also how did Batwoman know there was scaffolding
outside the window? I don't think she did. It was way to covertly
placed their. 4. Batwoman jumps at least 20feet in 6in stilettos and doesn't brake an
ankle? Really? This seems entirely impossible.5. Way to many sub plots about bakers, and the board of trustees, and a
boys home and on an on an on. It made it hard to keep up with and
forced Nolan to tie up loose ends in too quick of ways.6. The CIA in the beginning was very very stupid. Really you are going
to let two masked men on your plane? Plus i don't know how a huge plane
could sneak up on a plane flown by the CIA. Don't they have radar.
Wouldn't you be curious to know why another plane would be flying so
close to you? Also there is no way that the one pane could hold the
weight of the other. Like this seems very obviously impossible. 8. Uhh Batman your prints have been stolen by a known criminal.
Wouldn't you be a little more worried that she is going to use them
against you?9. The stock market was way to easy to break into. So any Joe shmoe can
steal a card and crash the market? I'm sure if that was the case our
economy would be even further in the toilet due to terrorist actions.10. Why did BAtman have to loose all of his money? This did not seem to
add anything to the story other then create another plot lie that led
nowhere. 14. Why was there a cavern underneath the football field? Why would a
stadium be built like that? 15. One of the worst parts about this movie was that ALL of the cities
police go underground. Like really what do you need 3,000 police in a
confined tunnel for? You can only do so much was so little space. Plus
how could they leave the rest of the city unprotected?17. The whole atomic bomb plot was SO been there done that. There's
only 1min left and we need Batman to fly of into the night to save us.
It was really a poor plot detail. I could have thought of this story
line and I am as uncreative as they come.18. How did a five year old girl make that jump when men twice her
height and strength not even come close?!!!!!!! This was ridiculous.21. So Marion's character was little when she escaped and bane helped
her. he is supposed to be at least 15+ years older. But he really looks
younger if not the same age. The list goes on and on.....this movie was just so bad. The plot was
horrible, the details were scrambled and unfinished, the dialogue was
laughable and clich, the action sequences mediocre (not what you would
expect form such an esteemed director).If you are a fan of the trilogy see it. You will enjoy it for it being
Batman but thats it. If you are not a big fan of the franchise do not
waste your money or time.
			
again.I won't comment on the movie as such in detail because i am not willing
to compare to people who are paid for writing fake reviews just for
marketing purpose. The IMDb rating has become a hoax over the time. In
this case here, it's getting really ridiculous because too many cheated
reviews were written in advance to compensate possible negative
reviews. By implication this means, even the makers know that the movie
is not that good, or, as a prospectively rule for IMDb-ratings:The higher the rating at the beginning, the more it was required.bottom line: This is still a superhero movie with a blown up pseudo
deep dramatic plot around a, well, super hero in a latex costume.
Contrary to a really emotional connection of the characters to the
audience there are still the super powers and the silly latex costume.
If you are trying to transform God or Jesus to an everybody with
everybody problems you are always doing somethings silly or comedic.Therefore any super hero movie can't be a frigging "masterpiece" and it
shouldn't be rated as such.
			
I'm reluctant to ever trust this guy's movies ever again. But then
again, it may not have even been him who made it I think. It just
doesn't look like Christopher Nolan product. It looks like a high
school project, or worse.To start off, the movie looks like it was honestly made by a 2 year
old. Or someone who is as immature as one when it comes to the film
industry. Cheap camera transitions, cheap scene transitions, cheap
rehashes of scenes from other movies. The starting scene looked like
NOTHING of Batman the Dark Knight (the 2nd movie in the trilogy) or
Batman Begins let alone Batman itself. Looked like some other cheap
American movie, I don't get where the thought process was for this. It
jumps into random scenes out of the blue.The sequel has turned into some feel good soap opera drama movie, minus
the feeling good part. Everyone seems to have an emotional sentence
every few minutes, and I can't stand that. It jumps into drama whining
lines randomly out of the blue.Plus not to mention that EVERYONE seems to take the spotlight of Bruce
Wayne away, nobody wants to see "the cops" 24/7 and Catwoman all day.
The "law enforcers" are all rude mean corrupt pricks and it's not about
being a superhero clobbering 50 opponents like Batman Begins was. It's
supposed to be about how the police take a BACK SEAT, there was
actually a lame war of "the police" officers charging. I literally held
my face in my palm at that moment. We want to see Ninjas and Assassins,
not the officers. That is NOT how batman works. The Justice League
charges maybe, not the enforcement. I'm not trying to sound like a
police hater, but we don't want to see mean people from our universe
charging, we want Gondorians from Lord of the Rings and Samurai, Jedi
Knights on Geonosis etc. League of Shadows is cool. Not cops. It's
supposed to be about a man who is SEPARATE from muggles because he's
trained to perfection. He's not a cop follower, and neither is Robin.It wouldn't even matter if you gave Bruce more spotlight anyway,
because he's some lamo sad sop martyr in this movie. Way to make Batman
into a complete pansy? What's the deal with that? We want to see
BATMAN, it could have been deep to have him sad and then he returns but
it wasn't done well. And realistically who he was in Batman Begins was
a much tougher cooler character. He sounds like a whiney teen when he's
having soap opera arguments with Alfred. Alfred was hardly in the movie
as well.They really dumbed down the fight choreography a lot too. Just like in
the Dark Knight (see my review on that movie for more info). So there
goes your chance to at least get something cool of Bruce. All the
cinematography for the fight scenes looks more amateurish and the
fights are just lame and disturbing like Saw. He was better at fighting
in Batman Begins. And that's just sad. (This is coming from someone who
knows about the martial arts they used for the Batman Begins
choreography)Bad acting relatively as well, especially Catwoman. Nothing cool about
a character who treats people like dirt and is mean. That is NOT
Catwoman, she's supposed to be SLY and CUNNING, she can be
untrustworthy without being plain out spoilt and annoying. More of an
annoyance than an actual cool character. Reflective of how a person
from Hollywood might be outside of the movie. Tsk.So there's no swords, no cool ninja training scenes or demonstration of
martial arts, just American redneck punching. What else you might ask?
Well every villain is made to be lame, I won't spoil it but they ALL
suck. Bane is more nightmare disturbing than he is a cool villain. It's
like Jigsaw from Saw versus Jafar from Alladin. One is disturbing, one
is actually cool and inspiring. Everyone who was following this movie
years before it was announced knew that it was supposed to be the
Riddler's spotlight. NOT Bane. And if so, Bane should have been CG'd to
the max, being ripped completely. They did it in the PS3 games, so why
not in the movie? And obviously Chris Nolan copied the video games
Arkham Asylum and stuff (no one just comes up with Catwoman, Talia and
Bane on their own) so it's not like he couldn't have made Bane
muscular.Well that sums it up. Not fully, there's much more. But it sucks. All
recycled music, recycled American movies, it looks like a shameful teen
project. Good day.-999999/10
			
Seriously why the hell did they have to make Batman a friggin weakling
at the beginning of the film? Gee, this film is meant to be based on a
superhero not a laid back. Yes injuries and stab wounds are sore but a
superhero like Batman never gives up to save the world!Also why the hell did they make Michael Caine's version of Alfred the
butler so whiny? He is meant to be a straight up person to Batman, not
a cry baby. Honestly what kind of superhero movie would show this? So
stupid like, I swear they should've had a better cast and a better
storyline to draw people in. However it didn't draw me in, it made me
disappointed and bored even wasting my two hours at looking at this
movie. Thank god it's Christian Bales last film as Batman and I really
hope Michael Caine is gone from it too. They are great actors but this
kind of film wasn't their best choice to be involved in.Well done DC
			
I'll start out by saying that I'm not the biggest fan of Bale as
batman. I did like Batman begins, I wouldn't say that I enjoyed it. The
Dark Knight was a good cinema flick.This movie on the other hand, well it's just deplorable. The story is
weak, the narrative is all over the place, it doesn't flow and it looks
cheap and nasty (Mad Max looked better in the eighties on a fraction of
the budget of this film.) Where did the money go?Either some of the positive reviews here are from shill accounts or
I'll just have to acknowledge that there are some people that will buy
into anything. I was tempted to walk out of this film. It's a turkey.
And for why? What a waste of talented actors and a great opportunity.The franchise again, has ended up run into the ground. Perhaps high
hopes and hype just stand in the way of a good movie.I enjoyed Kick Ass way more than these endless reboots. Even half an
hour of the high colour series is better for the soul than this.
			
Just sat thru two and a half hours of overrated tedium. Maybe it's just
me, but I expect superheroes (and it is arguable whether Batman is a
Superhero or a super Inspector Gadget) to be to be super and heroic, is
that too much to ask? Instead we get a self- pitying cripple who's
upset because he lost his girlfriend who was going to dump him anyway!
Is it Gotham City or Eastenders?Also, that flying machine looked more like a cockroach than a bat -
perhaps they could've called it Cockman and Pussywoman so we wouldn't
get it confused with the real Superhero.Oh and who couldn't see the soooo surprising twist to find that the
Millionairess with the foreign accent was in league with Bane? Wow it
was almost as devious as a Dan Brown novel. Still at least Batman, or
rather Brucie Baby, got further than Bane there!And then there was Bane's voice, or rather Voice-over, which made it
reminiscent of those awful dubbed continental movies, but at least we
didn't have he problem of lip synching. Couldn't they have put a more
realistic voice such as Darth Vader or Stephen Hawking? If we're not
going o get action, then a few laughs might have made it more
enjoyable.I had really looked forward to this movie and desperately wanted to
enjoy it, but maybe I had set my expectations too high. Certainly a lot
of my friends enjoyed it a lot more than I.
			
TDKR's 1 billion haul seems to indicate that this blockbuster is a good
movie. Think again...its worst of the worst. In fact, it is on par with
Bay's explosive-laden monstrosities. You would think that someone who
have come up with Momento and Inception would know better... The level
of acting, plot and set pieces is indicative of a B-Movie style
filmmaking. First off, what's up with Bane's stupid mask and voice. As if, Bale's
horrendous voice as Batman is not enough. Can't they be more
imaginative? Instead of using voice to indicate that he's the main
villain, define that through his actions. He looks just like a garden
variety criminal. No trace of his training as a member of the League of
Shadows at all. He even fights like a normal bulky, brainless henchman.
The fight choreography is laughable. Bane and Batman doesn't square off
the way a proponent of deadly martial arts would, instead, they pound
on each other incessantly. Where's Yuen Wo Ping when you need 'em?All the while, spouting nonsense whining about how they are superior,
being born in the dark etc. In fact, Bane even use a wrestling move as
the finisher in their first fight. Wtf?Next item, the dialogue...i can't believe how they gave a straight face
while dispensing lines upon lines of utter garbage. Instead of trimming
it or transforming it into actual scenes that viewers can enjoy, they
stand around saying them, sporting a bewildered look on their face. For
instance, Tate @ Talia finishes her monologue by stabbing while Batman
shows his O face. I just laugh at this utter absurdity.Should i waste my words any further?TDKR should in fact be a Broadway play or something. There's one
suitable scene where thousands of Gotham's finest runs and clashes with
Bane's men. No tactics, no strategy, just straight up brawling.
Hardware and firearms? That's just for show, these are trained men. We
all know that 21st century police and trained mercenaries fights with
fists...
			
Where to start?This film just does not deserve the praise it gets at
all.The plot is something that a 12 year old could come up with,the
acting abysmal and it's pro-American stance on the war in Iraq is
disgusting.Like the previous film this tries to convey a deep sense of
morality but it does it in such an obvious way.Nolan got too big for
his boots after TDK,in this film we are supposed to see Bruce Wayne's
discovery of himself as it shows when he is down the hole and spends
half the film trying to get out of it.The main thing people criticise
is the length but if its a good film then it shouldn't matter.What they
are really saying is that it's BORING,in fact incredibly so.When I
first watched this film at the cinema I couldn't figure out what it was
that I specifically didn't like about it,so I bought it on DVD and
watched it again and realised quite simply that it's a crap
film.Boring,pretentious and filled with characters that are impossible
to care for as they are so hollow which is a criticism I give all
Nolan's films after Batman Begins.The Dark Knight Trilogy had the same
thing The Matrix Trilogy had,a superb first film to be ruined by much
inferior sequels,the only difference is that TDK and TDKR get so much
praise that it makes me question the future of films when drivel like
this is considered a "Masterpiece"
			
Now, if I was being honest, I would rate this movie about a 4 or 5 out
of 10. But the fact that this is in the IMDb top-rated 60 films OF ALL
TIME needs redressing. Because TDKR is simply lazy, full of holes,
boring, badly-written and just generally a vain, ugly mess of a movie.
I thought everyone agreed with me but apparently thousands think it
deserves a 10/10. Did you watch the film? Christian Bale does OK, Tom
Hardy is OK, Anne Hathaway is OK, JoGoLev is OK, Gary Oldman is OK, and
don't get me wrong I like all these actors, but none of them does
enough to salvage this from being blockbuster filler. I guess the
exciting music and callbacks to the previous 2 movies persuaded people
that it was half as good as either. It's not. DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON
THIS FILM! Watch The Dark Knight for the 88th time instead, or maybe an
actual great work of cinematic art!Note: I have been to lazy to actually present evidence for why it's a
piece of crap. But, plenty of people have done that already. Hit up
YouTube if you don't believe me.
			
i am a big fan of Christopher Nolan' first two Batman pictures so I was
really looking forward to this movie. Unfortunately apart from the
opening scene this movie was such a disappointing mess.The story was weak, the Batman was weak and AWOL for most of the movie.
Bane the villain was just annoying and wore a contraption on his face
that was never qualified or explained, and looked like a k-tel
slice-o-matic strapped to his head. We are treated to a boring twist in
the floppy plot later when we find the real villain is someone else,
and who cared less by the time you find this out.There was a bomb that wasn't meant to be a bomb in a truck that drove
around endlessly with two other decoys so no one in Gotham could find
it.Scarecrow was back but not as Scarecrow. He is as a rebel magistrate
that condemns all to death by ice walk across a frozen bay.Cat woman is a cat burglar and Robin is an ex-cop. The villains all
drive Bat mobiles and Batman flies a space ship. Cat woman rode the Bat
cycle and Robin drives a cop car. Alfred just starts crying and leaves
(i felt the same way) while all the cops in the world march into a
tunnel together and get trapped there. Doh! ....... LaterBane (K-tel man) was apparently imprisoned in a hole in the ground many
years ago - he throws Batman down the same hole where he is helped by
what i can only describe as mole monks, who can't get out of the hole
themselves. They speak of a legend child who apparently was the only
person who had ever successfully left the hole in the ground, i counted
2 but anyway... Bane gives Batman a big screen TV so he can watch
Gotham burn but the Bat is not having it and he smashes the TV.
Seriously!!!After a strategic punch in the back by a mole monk, Batmans damaged
spine is cured so he starts with the sit ups and push ups and now he's
ready to climb from the hole, third time lucky with the mole monks
chanting for him.Now all he has to do is kill Bane which he nearly does but is foiled by
a girl with a pen knife,look out!!! its the real villain. Its OK but,
cause Cat women helps the Batman and he gets his space ship back. The
fumbling bumbling Gordon calls the shots from a hospital bed but
luckily he does manage to tackle the math (three trucks 2 are decoys -
villain master mind stuff)he finally picks the right truck and disarms
the bomb temporarily.By now nearly everyone knows Batman is Bruce because he keeps dropping
hints or telling them outright. What?Batman takes the bomb far away, saves Gotham, goes to France with Cat
women and Alfred. And look out sequel - Robin finds another Bat cave. I
am not kidding this is a shlock. Chris you owe me the seven bucks I
wasted hiring this pile of dung. Please have another go and do it
properly this time!!!
			
The Dark Knight was great; well written and interesting. There are some
good ideas in The Dark Knight Rises but they're spoiled by all the
hammy, non-stop action and overblown emotion.**Contains spoilers** Far-fetched: The foreign land from which Bane and
chums hail should only barely be believable to someone who's never left
small town America. Like a prison like that could exist anywhere.Got a vertebrae sticking out of your back? No problem, just get hung
from a rope for one scene. Do another scene of pull ups, and Bobs your
uncle, cured.Having a spot of bother getting out of a badly conceived prison? Just
take the first piece of advice you get from a junky doctor with a lazy
eye.And predictable: Guided missiles chasing your plane? Just spend 5
minutes dodging between buildings to lose them. Yawn.Fighting your nemesis? Start by getting your ass kicked, and then
surprise everyone by coming back strong.Bad guys, why use guns when you can get in a fist fight? Dead? Nope, of
course not. (And don't bother to get up and say hello to your best
friend if you're in the same restaurant and haven't seen each other for
six months. Just smirk smugly at each other.)
			
This movie is horrible. If anybody likes this movie, they are just
movie fans and not Batman fans. There's no way in hell Batman leaves
Gotham for 8 years and walks around with a limp so bad that some cat
burglar kicks his cane and he crumples to the floor. Batman does not get played by some cat burglar. He doesn't get played
period. You can't tell me, that Batman falls for Selina Kyle when he
first sees her and then allows himself to lose all his money because of
her, his company is taken from him because of her, he get his back
broken because of her, she attempts to steal his mother's necklace...
and he comes back after all that, asks for her help, then to runaway
with her?Never would've happened in a Batman story. The audio sucked as usual with Nolan's Batman movies.The characters was ass. Selina Kyle doesn't have a back-story, she
reminds me of some stupid hipster college chick who thinks the world is
so shitty that she can do what she wants and justify it as "justice"
because she is broke . And Anne Hathaway sounded clich and cheesy like
most female action movie dialog.Bruce likes that about her and becomes fascinated with her enough that
he can forgive her for destroying his company and getting his back
broken and tossed into a Middle Eastern prison...okay Nolan...Talia Al Ghul wants to drop a nuke on Gotham...because Batman killed
her father and this is her father's work...to blow up a city....James
Bond much anyone.Talia Al Ghul was Bruce's lover in the comics. Also Ras Al Ghul never gets killed by Batman but okay.Bane was better than the Batman and Robin one but seriously...they made
him a grunt again. Bane isn't a grunt, he is a cold calculating
criminal mastermind who beat Batman. That was Bane's entire objective,
to beat Batman and take over the underworld. Not be some lackey for
Talia Al GhulOh and that "Robin" who finds out Bruce is Batman...how does he do
that? Are you kidding me? " You seem so similar to me, you must be
Batman."Oh and lets talk about the "time". I get this is a movie and it's
already 3 hours long because Nolan likes to just drag things out.But come on man. Bruce is stuck in a Middle Eastern prison with a
broken back. A Bomb is supposed to go off in 23 days. He has Bruce get
his back healed by using some rope, he does some push ups and sit ups
and he gets out the Cave on his 3rd attempt.By then, The bomb supposed to go off in a day. So he shows up out of
nowhere. So nobody knows how long Gotham has been under Bane's rule or anything,
it's just typical Hollywood "It happened this way" movie magic. This possibly was the worst Batman story ever.Batman is the CIA FBI NSA of Gotham, he's not just some crybaby - woe
is me - character portrayed in Nolan's movies. He isn't some rich guy
that just decided to become a superhero. He is a sociopath, depraved,
demented guy dealing out Old Testament justice. He's not in it to
become some symbol for the Everyman...that's Superman's lane. Batman
doesn't deal with nukes. He deals with other psychopaths who commit
crimes. Not terrorist plots because he killed someone on accident. Batman doesn't go away for 8 years. He may not patrol but he would
still be in the game. He would be watching and lurking from the
shadows. He wouldn't just let his body be crippled, he wouldn't let his
company die, he would've known if some terrorists were running
underneath Gotham. All of this over a woman is freaking hilarious.
Batman isn't a depressed character, he is a consumed demented character
who wants to deal out justice, not sit in his room and cry for 8 years.This movie was horrible. Nolan's Batman/Bruce Wayne is some poor rich
bastard with vengeance complex but half the brain. Batman being fooled
and played by Catwoman...some young 20 something that steals for a
living is laughable. The whole nuke on Gotham was laughable. The dialog
was horrible as usual. The second movie was good because of Heath Ledger's Joker. I actually
was rooting for the Joker because Batman was again... horrible
character without a personality.Now this movie was just full of lazy, ill conceived characters in
ridiculous costumes with a 1970s James Bond plot.
			
I was not impressed with "The Dark Knight" which received rave reviews
by critics and audience alike. All I remember it was loud and storyline
went nowhere. I hope I was wrong so before watching "The Dark Knight
Rises", I dusted off my old copy of "Batman Begins" DVD and gave it
another viewing. Then I realized the reasons that I was not impressed
when I viewed it the first time. In order to explain Batman's super
power, Chris Nolan cooked up this Tibetan mystique ninja mumble jumbl
which I found boring. Even the grand finale of the fight between Batman
and his mentor seemed to be lifted right out from"Spiderman".After viewing "The Dark Man Rises", it is another evidence that when a
filmmaker is given too much praise and power, he begins to believe it
himself. In the old days, Hollywood had producers who exercised the
check and balance on the script, the casting, the direction and the
rest of the film production. When a filmmaker achieved successes and
fame, he is given a free hand to make his "Masterpiece". The result is
a dud like "The Darkman Rises". Just imagine all the money, time and
talent being wasted, not to mention the time and money of the movie
goers. Chris Nolan has yet to prove to be a film auteur or even a
masterfilmmaker of blockbusters. Only technically proficient.
			
The Nolan fans are going to tell me that I am not reading into this
enough, so we will start there.Reading deeply into it, the masses of the people have a popular and
legitimate grievance. Bane takes advantage of it and warps it to his
own cause. Bruce Wayne, a rich man that is above the law, shuts down
Bane and prevents the people from airing their grievance, punishing
them for it.So, doing the Nolan fan, "everything is far deeper and more profound
than it seems" thing, it's really a movie about the richest man in a
city keeping the people of the city in their place.Now, dropping the "you have to read into it thing," the movie was awful
on plain movie merit.It suggests all cops are idiots, having trapped an entire police force,
because, you know, they wouldn't leave a single cop on the streets.The federal government negotiates with terrorists and pretty much gives
them anything they want.Bane is just a cardboard cut-out of a villain. They try to develop him,
but never really come into any depth greater than a tea spoon.A few push-ups can heal a broken back.Most of the established characters...completely ignored or simply paid
lip service.And the list goes on.Ultimately, it is a disjointed mess. But if you look at the trilogy as
a whole, Bale didn't make a very good Batman nor a good Bruce Wayne and
the first one was decent, but no where near as great as everyone says
it was. Really, it was Heath Ledger that made the second movie great,
and the third just crumpled into dust.If you don't think about it too hard, it is sort of easy to ignore the
distracting crap that goes on. But really, it takes a lot of effort to
shut off you brain that much. Most of the time, you want to yell "what
the heck!" at the screen like an armchair quarter back that just
watched his favorite team give up an easy win.And this is without getting into the comic book nerd problems with it.As a comic book nerd I had issues with the Tim Burton ones...but those
were a thousand times better and looking back the best Batman movies to
date.Honestly, don't believe the hype, the Nolan trilogy has a single good
movie in a mess of three sub-par films.You don't have to be a drooling and devout fan. There are better Batman
movies out there.
			
The music never stops playing through out this terrible movie. Not only
was it boring but poorly written with enough plot holes that makes the
whole experience painful. Firstly a movie is about Characters, not
predictable, lifeless, I don't give a hoot characters. I just didn't
care for the characters, I really didn't care if Batman stayed in that
middle eastern prison with a broken back. I didn't even care about
Gotham exploding into nothing but rubble. This movie offered no real
character development, in the end I sat in the cinema bored and
thinking that Bane and his leader henchman were doing the right thing.
What was this movie all about pleasing Generation Y and hoping they
would jump on the bandwagon of DC comic movies. This movie just screams
out to Generation Y to love such a mindless film. Like a mosquito to a
blue light zapper, if you want to attract Generation Y fill the movie
with mindless idiotic action, with very short mindless dialogue, with
plenty of music in the background. No need to tell a story, let the
music and characters faces do the acting. Biggest waste of time, the
only thing this movie achieved was crowning this whole reboot as a
bigger joke than Batman and Robin...
			
Without doubt the worst Batman Movie that I have seen.The plot: Confusing and out of sync - a rehash of another Hollywood
Blockbuster that I enjoyed but whose title I forget. A city held to
ransom by a fusion bomb that might go orf - tick tick tick.The characters: Batman looks past it - badly beaten up - and then
manages to come back to full form not once .. but twice (Yawn). The
villain Bain you would imagine to be the main man - but low and behold
the real villain is his side kick who has little to do with the plot,
whats going on etc etc etc - kind of thing I would expect from a Harry
Potter story rather than Batman.Batman locked in jail - police underground - Batman has a way of
escaping and does so from a broken position (Yawn Yawn Yawn).Can we get back to basics here with the Penguin, Joker, The mad Hatter,
The Riddler, The Scarecrow etc etc etc. as drawn in the original comic
scripts.ANDWhere was Robin? Batman without Robin is like Ollie without Hardy
			
I'll never understand how this film has a 8+ rating on IMDb. The first
two weren't bad, particularly the 2008 one, but this finale really
blows. The plot is poorly constructed and edited, at times making it
impossible to follow, actors lazily played their parts, eagerly
awaiting to say the line, get the check and get out. E.g. the scene
where the main villain character dies after spinning her head in a
jerky motion and shutting the eyes. You can literally feel the disgust
on Gary Oldman's face as he watches this "acting". Plot-holes are so ridiculous, I don't even know where to start: how
does a nuclear bomb explode in a visible distance from a city and
nobody gets hurt with a heatwave or radiation? How does a 12 million
city has a single bridge of entrance? How does a handful of thugs run a
megalopolis for months? Why does the main villain put the Batman, the
prime target of her revenge, in a pit instead shooting him in the head?
Where is that pit? How does a famished man with no money or other
resources manage to magically appear from the said pit in a city
surrounded by the the military on the other side of the globe? How...
does the Nolan character get to make these "Epics"? I mean, no offense,
man, but why don't you go making films like "Memento"?
			
I want to start this review by mentioning that I am a huge Batman fan,
and of the first two films in the christopher nolan "dark knight"
trilogy. "Batman Begins", and "The Dark Knight" films were dramatic,
exciting, thrilling, and enormously entertaining. The films were what
Batman fans have been waiting for since the beginning of the character
over 60 years ago. It completely left out the campy, and colorful
nature that the previous films, and TV shows had and gave these films a
gritty realness that elevated the whole Batman idea to something that
could be taken seriously.As much as I applaud the writing, acting, and directing of the first
two films, they are not without their faults. But, when I watched the
third installment to the trilogy two years ago, and again recently, I
was completely taken aback and shocked by what a horrible, and boring
movie it was. There are huge stretches to the movie that dragged on
while literally nothing happened. While the first two movies had
incredible villains, this one had a big, buff moron who wasn't scary
and you could barely understand anything he was saying. It reminds me
of all the times his voice was mocked and for good reason. He sounds
ridiculous. Then, you have catwoman who comes off as just a petty thief
who shouldn't be stealing things that belonged to Bruce Wayne's mother.
She is ultimately only concerned with getting a "clean slate" so that
she can start her life over. Doesn't that sound menacing? Yeah, it
doesn't. I hated her from her first scene and to think that we were
supposed to like her is laughable.On top of that it seemed as though every person in the film knew that
Bruce Wayne was batman, comissioner Gordon had it figured out, which is
fine but, so did a young rookie cop (whose first name is Robin for no
reason), catwoman totally knew, Bane knew, and so did Talia. I guess
we're supposed to have no problem with anyone knowing since we know
but, we're the audience. We're supposed to know, we've had two movies
let us know about it but, these characters haven't. They shouldn't
know, and we shouldn't be okay with them knowing.On top of all of that, while the first two films showed us how much
Batman cared for Gotham, and the residents living there, it also showed
us his incredible sense of honor and morality. This movie seemed to
throw that all by the wayside to show him as someone who didn't care
for the city, and all of his hardwork was for nothing. They showed a
city that had barely two people who gave a crap about anything, and a
man who hard given up on everything for years because Alfred couldn't
give him a letter. It seemed to diminish Batman and Bruce Wayne down to
an ordinary man, which he isn't. He's a superhero for crying out loud.This movie was boring for having barely any action, terrible dialogue,
a surprising twist that wasn't surprising because I can't imagine
anyone caring enough about it to be surprised by it. I can't imagine
anyone caring enough about the villains to want to see them killed, or
for the people of Gotham to be saved, or for Catwoman enough to see her
walk away with our so-called hero. The ending also made no sense and
while I may have slightly spoiled some parts of the film, I won't give
that away completely. This review is not here to keep anyone from
seeing this, in fact, I think everyone should so that they can see how
horrible it is. This is mainly here for me, so that I can get out some
of the anger and disappointment that this stupid movie left me with. I
know that this movie got a ridiculously high 8 rating and I may be in a
small group of people who hated it but, I can't understand why, and I
hope more people can start to admit that this movie sucks.
			
Easy this is the absolute WORST "Batman" movie I Have ever seen in my
life. The Villain Bane is not interesting at all- no personality and
not much background information. Hey Christopher Nolan have you heard
of a thing called Character development? The plot is weak, and the
movie just is long an drawn out with not very much quality content.Do not waste your time or money. I would rather watch Batman and Robin
(1997) with George Clooney 10 times in a row than watch this piece of
dump just one more time. They should have just came up with a different
name for this movie. It does not have the feel of a Batman movie at
all!
			
BATMAN dies so needlessly because the auto pilot on the "bat" was not
included. Nolan so cleverly addresses this by having Fox say that he
"is a busy man" and too so to include it, ahh but not to worry the
"bat" saved a whole city and assisted the protagonist through
situations which would only have been possible if Nolan so ingeniously
introduced the vehicle into the movie.Anne Hathaway's presence is annoying as usual and does NOTHING to
better the movie at all except give the few prepubescent teens in the
audience something to occupy. Gary Oldman the shining light in the Dark
Knight series is only seen for a fraction of the movie and is so
effectively placed into a hospital bed. Bane was horribly developed and
explored and I'm going to be honest when i say that i turned the movie
off as soon as he died. Joseph Gordon Levitt is meh nothing special and
once again a redundant character in the movie but the 14 year old girls
in the crowd didn't mind i assume.First two movies were great but this one strayed from the emotional and
developmental aspect of what made the Dark Knight series good and
became more about the action and EPIC ending which was very much so
anticlimactic. I can tell you with utmost certainty that Batman did not
have to die and the movie would have been much more satisfying and
BELIEVABLE cause you know BATMAN!
			
I agree with the others that state this movie is no where near a 10 or
even an 8. There are so many plot holes, the characters are so one
dimensional, action sequences OK at best. A lot of the dialog and
action makes very little sense.The whole point of the pit being some terrible place like hell and when
Nolan introduces us to it with Bane placing Wayne there, it's an utter
joke. No guards and everybody thru the movie talks about it being such
a terrible place, like when Alfred talks about it. I've seen scarier
prisons in comedy movies.Wayne sleeps with Miranda/Talia and they talk and act like they are in
love or heading that way, but of course this was just a simple plot
point, but in the end, Catwoman Suddenly feels remorse for all the
times she's screwed Batman over and becomes his friend and love
interest at the end. Just another plot device because none of this made
sense, just something for the end of the movie and so predictable.One of the things that bugged me the most was everybody saying Bane was
younger and stronger than Batman, but following Nolan's supposed
surprise at the end, he is much older than Batman and just a love sick
pawn of Talia/Miranda the whole time. Plus he easily beats Batman, but
for some reason like in a Rocky movie, Batman becomes a superior
fighter by jumping across the ledge and being able to escape from the
prison Bane sent him too. Plus he was able to heal from all the wounds
and injuries his body suffered thru the movie that was pointed out by
the doctor Wayne saw in the beginning of the movie.The everybody is supposed to believe Bane when he reads the paperwork
that commissioner Gordon jumped in the tunnels escaping Bane. Were
supposed to Believe for the reason of moving the plot along that Gordon
is caring around this paperwork exposing the true Harvey Dent. It's
actually funny when Bane reads it off and everybody believes him and
never doubts he would Lie about it? The Big fight scene at the end
between the cops and Banes men is a joke. The police just run into the
gun fire and Batman who shows up in his Batplane could help disable
Bane's men with his Plane or at least do something to help them, but
instead he lands it and allows a lot of cops to get injured and killed
in the process.I could go on for hours with all the plot holes and just plain silly
dialog used in the movie, like when Joseph Gordon-Levitt's character
tells Wayne he knew he was Batman because of a fake smile Wayne used
long ago when he visited the Orphanage for boys Gordon-Levitt's
character stayed in as a boy. Gordon-Levitt says his character used
that same fake smile, so he knew. That was pretty laughable.I'm still shocked by all the love this series received. Nolan's Batman
never acted like Batman, where was the world's greatest detective?
never in this movie series. He always reacted to a situation, he was
never ahead of the criminals. Hopefully Superman vs. Batman will give
us something better.
			
The Dark Knight was a great letdown and a really, really bad movie. I
was told that this would be better. Well, they lied to me real good.
The Dark Knight Rises is even worse than the previous installment on
the "I ware a flannel sheet as a cape"-saga. These movies take themselves too seriously and try to look and feel
realistic with a gritty attitude. Well, the grittiness doesn't have a
lot of impact when hitting and punching in the PG-13 environment. And
when you have a truck-load of plot holes and everybody speaks in epic
speeches the movie does not feel real. And that makes everything look
silly, especially our hero Flannel shee-... I mean Batman. And Bale
isn't helping in any way with his performance, which is at the same
time wooden and over the top. The other actor's are basically boring like the movie, except for Anne
Hathaway since Catwoman is the only minor good thing in this
catastrophe of a movie. And Tom Hardy is not boring, far from it. He's
funny. As I said, this horrible peace of abomination is very boring. The first
45 minutes have as much stuff going on as a normal movie would have in
it's first 15 minutes. This movie is overstaying it's welcome as it's
almost three hours long. And it has stuff and plot for about 90
minutes. Oh, god this was so long and boring... And when we do get some
action it is not very convincing. Batman is a trained ninja but here he
is fighting like he's in a Terence Hill & Bud Spencer-movie. Cinematography, music and the editing are just like the movie is...
boring. I am using that word a lot but it really captures this movie's
feel, atmosphere and it's "thing". I am really surprised that people
like this and the previous movie. They say that these are great
superhero-movies and just plain great movies. And I cannot see why. All
I see with these two Batman-sequels is really stupid film making. And
not just superhero-kind-of-way-stupid but just stupid. These are cheap
and low brow. And usually I like that but these movies think great
things from themselves and are just... boring and so stupid. So much so
as they make me feel mad. Especially after the ending.After watching this I wanted to trash my apartment. Christopher Nolan
is a kind of guy who has no talent but yet people blinded by half-ass
film making think otherwise.
			
By the time this over long tripe had finished I had lost all interest
and could not wait to leave. The story was idiotic, the plot laughable
and the characters totally unbelievable. Bane, was a silly pointless
villain. What was his plan again? Oh yes to kill himself and everyone
else? What tosh! And that crying scene that Michael Caine did? What was
his point? It just looked like he had said to the director, 'let me do
a bit of good acting, don't worry about the fact that what I am saying
makes no sense' And Batman has his back severely damaged and is in a
cell where he gets little food but makes the most miraculous recovery
since Lazarus. In this film Batman is weak, the Villains are pointless,
The plot is nonsense and the whole film seems to be riding on special
effects for special effects sake! Won't be watching this again or
buying the DVD!
			
Wow, I really am at a loss of how anyone can like this huge waste of
money and manpower. I could write a huge list of all of things I hated
about this, but I really don't want to waste so much time, and after
skimming some of the other negative reviews, others have covered a lot
of what I hated in depth. To sum it up briefly: The way people act in
this is very stilted and unnatural. There is no joy, humor, wittiness,
edginess; it is all very flat and unemotional. The "movie" plods along,
much longer than it needed to be. The "villain" is a ridiculous one
dimensional charactiture that has no charisma, in fact you cannot even
understand what he is saying most of the time. What was his motivation?
Why would ANYONE follow such a freakish looking weirdo? Did they ever
explain the outlandish mask he wore? People come in and out of the
movie like they just walked on to a set. It is all very false and fake
seeming. The dialogue was infantile and uninspired. What happened to
Christian Bale? He seems to be sleepwalking through this. This is worse
even than "Terminator Salvation". Again, I love all types of movies. I
am not a movie snob. I just fail to understand how anyone could get ANY
enjoyment out of watching this. Watching this, while it was not quite
torture, it was an endurance test I would not want to repeat, even
thought HBO is now showing this non-stop.
			
First, let me say, I would give this movie about 3-4 stars if people
weren't hyping it on IMDb up to an 8.6/10. But since "fanboys" (I
assume) are giving it a 10/10, I feel like I must balance it out.
Seeing an 8.6 rating for this movie, and the fact it is in the Top 50,
makes me sick. I have nothing against Nolan- I really don't (I barely
even know who he is). The Dark Knight I rated at 10/10 and I was so
hoping this one would be just as good. Don't get me wrong- it's not the
worst superhero movie I have ever seen, nor is it a "bad" movie. But it
just isn't that great. Mediocre at best.I won't rehash all the reasons it is mediocre, as others on here have
done an excellent job at that. But I will say the two most annoying
things to me were 1) Bane's voice- I literally couldn't understand at
least 50% of what he was saying 2) so many plot scenarios that defied
common sense (for example keeping all the policeman alive when the goal
was to nuke the entire city anyway, or Batman completely trusting
Catwoman with no reason for it).I would recommend watching it, as it is an OK movie, but don't expect
it to be near as good as The Dark Knight, or you will be severely let
down as I was.
			
About the rating. I'd rather it got 6, but plenty of unwarranted 10/10
to bump the rating superficially.Okay, 'bah' is a emotional response. But if you Bat-hards hadn't hyped
the movie like you did. If Gordon Ramsey serves you charred or
straight-up raw meat and calls it well-done or rare, would you eat it,
praising this new revolutionary culinary trend? Sure, don the cowl, but
not the greatness visors while watching something. How come you guys
aren't asking for a better movie if you're such fans? Batman effing
rocks. I love the dude more than Supes. But that movie was not great.
Just because Nolan did Inception doesn't mean all his movies will be
great. I'm gonna have to watch The Dark Knight Returns I & II to remedy
this loss of serenity.Movie - Too damn long. Climax - bland and cold. Enjoyed The Dark Knight
and Batman Begins more than this one. Off the tangent, TDK owes it's
success more to a dead actor than a director.The scene where the doorman drags a teen girl he must have smiled at,
chatted to, helped with luggage, maybe even known for a very long time,
by her hair on to the sidewalk was specially off putting. So Batman and
the good Commissioner cleaned up the city. Before that hardened
criminals had good left in them (the big scary looking guy throwing
away the detonator in TDK). And eight years of not getting mugged on
the street taught the Gothamites to mug each other? They do not stand
up to a maniac? Maybe not stand up but how don't they fear the monster
enough, not to corral under his psychotic ideas no matter how
fantastically spiteful otherwise? It's a complete misrepresentation of
the Other 99%. Which by the way is hailed as writing of the century by
people who trust in Nolan. Blindly.
			
I hate this movie, the only reason I am writing this review is because
I recovering from knee replacement surgery. I hate this movie and I
have more comic credit than most anyone on here. I am the guy who hits
the comic shop every Wednesday and gets his new books. I have 3 dozen
long boxes, but enough of that. This movie sucked. After how incredible
the Dark Knight was I almost cried at how bad this movie was. The story
was a hodgepodge of Knightfall, No Man's Land, and what I believe were
"suggestions" from the WB execs. The acting was good, I will say that.
Tom Hardy, Ann Hathaway, Gordan-Levitt are great but their performances
are lost in the awful direction and muddled story. The pacing was just
awful, the ending held no meaning to me. Bane's venom steroid was
removed because it was too comic-booky but Gotham being held hostage
for months by an atomic bomb isn't? Bruce Wayne was retired for 8
years, comes back for a week, recreates the chase from Batman Begins,
fights Bane gets injuried, he's taken to a pit, saves Gotham by
carrying the atomic bomb out to the bay, and boom fakes his death
passes the torch to the "not" Robin and moves away with a chick he just
met. The only highlight for me was the all too brief return of Cillian
Murphy as the Scarecrow. I would give it a zero if I could.
			
Just remember the thrill you had at the ending of The Dark Knight, the
brilliant ending setting up amazing possibilities for a Third film.
Well this film will certainly tarnish your memories of Nolan's previous
Batman films. This film just completely ignores the end of TDK (apart from the Dent
Act) going for a run of the mill, chuck everything bar the kitchen sink
at it with some pretentious symbolism about rising and Batman (Who does
Nolan think Batman is The artist formally known as Prince?) - This film
seems like is was made by an EMO 1st year philosophy student who
decided to turn Batman into a right wing para- military soldier. This
would certainly be Ayn Rand's favorite film.Problems with the film includea) Too many Inception cast, not fitting to their role b) Joseph Gordon
Levett - Smug, irritating c) The Pit - really what a ridiculous idea d)
Numerous plot holes e) It is over long and boring f) It does not
thematically follow on from The Dark Knight g) The score drowns out the
dialogue h) which is actually quite a relief because most of the
dialogue is mumbling about 'Gotham's Reckoning' i) Where the hell is
Batman he is in it for 25 Min's max j) what is best back doctor in the
world doing in that pit? k) That ending - just ridiculous, not in
keeping with the 75 years of Batman - he would not leave Gotham to run
off with Selina Kyle completely out of character l) Miranda Tate -
wasted character, terrible acting m) the ticking bomb plot, could Nolan
not come up with a more original idea? n) Catwoman.. No real need for
her character apart from marketing and to run of with Bruce Wayne o)The
Cop vs Mercenary battle - just terrible p) The cops being held
underground for months q) Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman are coasting
through this film r) Where is the population of Gotham? s) Apart from
the irritating orphans and the kid eating an apple - cringe worthy t)
Batman/Bruce Wayne would not skulk around his mansion for 8 years- he
would be fighting crime and I don'd buy the Harvey Dent Act meant that
it cleared the streets of all crime u) Over convoluted plot and back
story of Miranda Tate/Bane v) Bane's demise w) It should have been a
series of films rather than a Trilogy, there was no need to try and
wrap up the Batman story (although they left is so opened ended it
could be argued that it was a pointless film anyway and hopefully it
could be ignored i.e. Finish of JGL in the next film straight away and
bring back Bruce Wayne) X)Tom Hardy - He really is just a supporting
actor he can't carry a filmThe list goes on I could do an A-Z twice. It is such a missed
opportunity after the brilliance of the first two films. I know there
are a lot of people out there saying it is a masterpiece it is not!
Just because it was made by Nolan does not make it a good film
(remember John Boorman an excellent director made The Exorcist 2 - an
equivalent bad film as TDKR) This film is in the Highlander 2, Jaws 4, Phantom Menace, Prometheus
category of worst sequels of all time. There were so many other stories
they hould have done all of which would have been better than this A lot more attention to detail was needed by the film makers... I
suspect Nolan took the money in order to make Inception and turned out
this turkey for Warner Bros as part of the deal. Shame, should have
been one of the best films of all time.Nolan has lost all the
credibility built over his career to date with this film. Re-Boot the series now and get Batman back to doing what he does best,
being a detective, avenging the actions of criminals and entertaining
us the audience.
			
After quite good The Dark Knight and even higher expectations for this
movie this comes like cold shower. For me it is probably the worst
Batmen movie ever.I like super heroes and fictional stories but I can not cope with
things like sending complete police force in sewers of the city that is
fallowed by even more stupid decision from them to face enemy in narrow
street (where none is using even sidewalk or side streets). Than there
is story with the prison in front of the walls of Middle east city...
Main villain's voice is just funny not scary or anything. For me it
would be better if it is more like Dart Vaider's. These are some of
small excerpts, but movie is full of this nonsenses and complete story
is boring and unconvincing.
			
If you've read my Hobbit review, you know what I am going to say next:Yeahhhh! Graphics! Action scenes! AWESOOOME!Another brainless film, I turned it of after 20 minutes. I didn't waste
my money on buying the film or going to cinema, though- I listened to
negative reviews here (and elsewhere), and worked out that the top
ratings were from sheep. Again.Seriously... the ones giving this film over 5/10 are either brain-dead
or have very low standards. Full of plot holes, silly dialogue, silly
action scenes that go nowhere, and everything I have come to expect
from most modern-day films.If you want believable characters and a decent story, forget this
turkey.
			
Hundreds of millions of dollars, and the best they can do is yet
another bloated episode of a TV cop show??? The first hour or 90
minutes of this talking heads marathon plays out like a segment of
LIFESTYLES OF THE RICH AND BORING. Maybe the Nolans haven't gotten the
news, yet, but We ain't all that fond of watching the Rich wallow in
their Riches over here. Where was the guy we came to see- the guy with
the black leather body armor and the cape? Doing his impression of
Howard Huge! Really? THAT'S what we came to see? (Not that that really
matters: Batman gets outed yet again in this installment. Little wonder
he doesn't bother to suit up...) Nolan's idea of an Occupy Movement
says a lot, I think: the VILLAINS take over City Hall (or whatever it
is in this monstrously slow-moving movie) and are set upon at film's
end by Gotham's finest like peaceful protesters at a sit-in. The guy
who plays Bane seems to be channeling Sean Connery, and Catwoman
transmorgriphies, finally, into Batwoman. At least the worst-designed
Batmobile in the 70-plus year history of the character has been laid to
rest (not to mention the aerodynamically unsound piece of flying
wreckage that's supposed to be the Batplane). (I've always thought that
SPAWN was by far the worst-designed comic book character in comic book
history- a mish-mash of ideas lifted from Spider-man and Doctor
Strange-and a character whose name was ripped off from a Jack Kirby NEW
GODS story- but the Batmobile in this trilogy made me step back and
reevaluate things. Batman's wheels in these films look like slabs of
scrap metal haphazardly fused or magnetized together. Hopefully, we've
seen the last of them.) For future reference: filmmakers, if we pay
money to see a super-hero movie, it's because we want to see the
super-hero- NOT his UNsuper-heroic alter ego. Is THAT so hard to grasp?
			
I was exceptionally taken by the 1st Dark Night, and thoroughly enjoyed
the 2nd Dark Night in the sequel.However, as very few had pointed earlier on that the 3rd in sequel
lacks depth, and quite often you get a feeling of low grade production.The story line is not there. The conversations between the actors were
dull and boring. The voice of "Ben" was at times inaudible and
confusing.There is a complete disconnect with logic in this movie. If you thought
the 1st and 2nd Dark Knight were reasonable in their action sequence
and had to make sense of things. The Dark Night Rises completely breaks
that. Not only does Bruce Wayne defy physical boundaries, but performs
medical miracles (If you're a believer of a God, then Bruce Wayne will
seem more like a divine prophet guarded by an angel).Without trying to give any details on this movie, I'm positive any
impartial, objective watched will easily see a significantly
deteriorating quality in the production, story, scripts compare to the
previous two sequels.
			
This movie was bad, Perhaps one of the worst movies of all time.a. Poor fight scenes with no credibility? Check. b. Massive plot holes?
Check. c. Weak characters? Check. d. Laughable special effects? Check.
e. Overly long? Check. f. Clichd acting and scenes. Eg... character a
gives character b. a big lecture then dramatically turns and walks off?
This scene repeated twice in this movie. g. Anything left to the
imagination or was the whole thing totally see through? Check. Zero
subtlety.But as criminal as it was to make such a rubbish movie, even more
criminal is the fake reviews that could have not other purpose than to
get people flooding into the cinemas, renting the DVD etc buying it for
Xmas before the general population realizes how bad this movie stank.I have a friend who was in a scene that was cut from this movie. He was
so disappointed at first... till it was released... then he was
relieved.IMDb. You are being scammed. This movie blew.
			
Absolutely incredible that this trifle got produced and released.
Stunning lack of pathos, wooden characters, uneven pacing, monotonous
dialog. Nowhere near entertaining. Is this supposed to be entertainment
or a primer on how to ruin a franchise? Cool equipment does not a
poignant movie make.A million little inconsistencies, plot holes, improbable stagings and
one-punch knockouts. And what's with Batman's voice getting all raspy
and deep when he (spoiler alert!!!) switches from Bruce Wayne?Is our culture is so starved for a meaningful way to end our pointless
existence on this planet that we manufacture unnecessarily violent
films like this to assuage our guilt for being useless protoplasm? No
wonder nut-jobs go into theaters with guns. Everyone associated with this film should be ashamed and "sent into
exile!" I only watched to the end to prove I could survive this
abomination. Sheesh!
			
What I find disappointing about about this movie is that it follows the
same trend as other actions movies. That is, weaker story lines and
flatter characters, but more mindless action.Intelligence is lost. But the very idea of the action movie used to be
that the good guy facing more moral restrictions than the bad guy
compensated this by greater wit and deeper understanding using the
qualities of the bad guys against himself and of course stronger
character. In stead we see ever dumber hero's that win by superior
technology and bigger guns. And the character of our hero's mimic the
bad guys copying their delight in sadism. What used to be a moral story
is perverted into a fairly mindless bloodfest for action effect
enslaved people. That is a pity.As soon as you start to think about these stories they become
meaningless. How can Batman be a weak punch ball before he is wounded
and than wipe the floor after he done more mayor injuries in a hell
hole because he did a successful jump to escape? If you ribs stick out
of your body and someone jams them back with his dirty hands, is that
making you stronger? Really? Blane on the other hand start off like
godlike sadistic psychopath to end as a weeping nanny. In the most of
the movie he is killing people like flies without showing emotion
speaking in a foreign slightly civilized accent (another clich). He is
heralded as superior in any way and acts accordingly but then suddenly
turns in a humble servant of his mistress. A woman that was first
presented as decent person but than changes in the evil mastermind.And Cat woman of course makes an easy switch from the woman who is
ruthless to a kind hearted one.There are no characters in this movie as every character is changing in
his opposite during the movie. This is nonsensical but done to create a
cheap element of surprise among the constant battering and explosions.This all does not seem the matter to lovers of the action genre as they
are only interested in technological marvel, explosions, bloodshed,
sadism and self glorifying over-sized ego's they can relate to. But
what they are watching is a bunch of lunatics that in real life would
nicely fit in an asylum.Do not misunderstand me, I like the action genre. I like to see a hero
give his best and win through perseverance and willpower. But I also
like him to be more than an self pitying murdering egomaniac. I like
them to outsmart their opponents in stead being mindless punchers and
winning because they have a bigger gun.But there is no longer a place for this in modern action movies. That
is all to static and as viewers are dumbed down by endless violence in
action games, there is no longer need for a good plot or believable
characters and dialogues.And it so totally lacks imagination. I mean superhero's saving the city
from the evil guy using a nuclear bomb? Wild pursuits in the city
demolishing buildings? Is that all 250 million can buy? in fact it
seems as if the director tried to cram every clich in the movie.The first Batman movies were totally over the top and comical. Batman
was a clear cartoon figure. Then they made Batman more realistic and a
darker, sombre figure, but again appealing. Now they made him a cartoon
figure again but without the humor but even more silly. He is simple a
avatar as you can play in the action games. Today's movies simply
follow simple game plots where you start shooting from beginning to
end. Do not even think about it, if you want more depth buy the comic.
			
What is it about sequels? You get 3 excellent movies (Die Hard)
followed by a 4th that's just awful, or 2 fair to middling movies
(Mission Impossible) followed by a 3rd that's laughable. The Dark
Knight faithfully follows the trend. While the first 2 movies were
quite watchable, if not great, the third is just plain risible. It's
summed up for me towards the end when, after it seems that the whole
universe knows that Bruce Wayne is Batman, Commissioner Gordon,
confidant to both Bruce and Batman, experiences an epiphany. "Wha...?
Bruce?" As though to say, Who would have guessed? Well, everybody
actually. At least, everybody with even a pinhead for a brain.The various plot holes and laughable scenes and dialog have been
well-covered, but I see that the film is still on Best Of 2012 lists,
so what do I know? I watched Get the Gringo in the same week, and while
that was also risible, at least it was intentionally so, and was
reasonably entertaining. Better than The Dark Knight, anyway.
			
The first clue that the people working on this film are a little out of
touch was Bane's voice. I've nothing against Tom Hardy, but he sounds
like a pleasant old man, not a homicidal maniac.Secondly, why is Catwomen even in this film? She totally does not make
any sense.Then the scene where EVERY cop in Gotham walks into a dark tunnel.
WTF?! And then there's those people "trapped" in the prison...with
plenty of rope and only about 5 meters of void separating them from
freedom.And Bane's team poring millions of tons of concrete under the city
without anyone noticing or asking any questions. That kind of work
takes hundreds of people and years of work. BUT NOT IN THIS MOVIE! And
Wayne got lazy and decayed. A shell of his former self. Even Christian
Bale himself is showing the consequences of all those diet/bulking
cycles. Its weak and pathetic. He is bad and he should feel bad.Hats off to JGL.
			
I bought the DVD in good expectations, as I was really impressed by
Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. To say the least, I want my money
back. It's impossible to enjoy the movie unless you really have severe
attention problems. Nothing gets properly introduced or explained.
Characters come and go. What really put the nail were these things: 1. Robin drives a bus with10 kids like a hero and fails like a retard. What? 10 kids or so? What
the... 2. Let us solve our issues on ice. And, oh, I quickly took a few
tons of gas to draw a bat on the bridge and poured some to light it up
in a convenient path from wherever you conveniently drop the torch, AND
ALL THAT WHILE WE'RE ALL ON ICE IN A SECOND. 3. Wat? Things just not
get explained. Inception much? I thought this was Batman. He ended up
being a puss.
			
*caution: SPOILERS ARE IN THIS REVIEW!!!*One thing I want to make apparent bright and early, I personally DO
like the style that Nolan brought to the Batman universe. It was a nice
change of pace from the "beyond fantasy via cgi" that movie companies
have been spitting at us for the past few decades in hopes to capture
the "sense" of a comic book.That said; this series owes a vast majority of its fame to Mr. Heath
Ledger. Anyone who argues against THAT clearly didn't pay attention
(you'd be surprised how many people didn't even KNOW about Batman
Begins until AFTER TDK came out). That said, even TDK had it's flaw at
the time... Two-Face only existing for a tiny minuscule portion of the
film before dying entirely. That flaw is no longer a flaw after
watching the finale to the trilogy, as they do bring more light onto
Harvey. That said, lets get to the movie we're speaking of today: The
Dark Knight Rises.One thing I want to make extremely clear here: this movie could've
completely fore-gone even being a batman movie and just acted as if he
was going to make a cameo and still been the EXACT same script. Batman
himself appears in it less than a rookie police officer! We're talking,
at BEST, 35-45 minutes; out of 2 hours and 44 minutes. Beyond that, one
of the trademarks to batman has always been the technology behind him.
Even in Nolan's universe, we see how he evolves his own designs for the
fight he's up against. In TDKR? It's cut down to 2 vehicles and roughly
2 gadgets.Ignoring that fact, the fight scenes in this movie are laughable at
best and out-right cringe-worthy at worst. The first scene where our
hero and villain meet the fight is so fake it is actually hysterical.
At one point bane is punching batman in the head and it literally looks
like he's hitting a foam dummy. The savagery Bane is known for is
almost completely censored in this film. There's a specific kill made
by bane that they just play a muffled scream with it happening off
camera; the sound DEFINITELY doesn't match what was implied to have
happened. Considering Batman NEVER tries to take on Bane as he would
have any other villain (and who knows why?), you would have expected
that they SERIOUSLY would've put work into the fight scenes for this
one. Nope. It's about as well choreographed as Bum Fights! These are
suppose to be two men trained in combat by the league of shadows
themselves! One of which was chosen as the successor to LEAD the league
of shadows! Why do they fight like two guys who spilled each others
drinks at a bar at 1 in the morning?Even if we manage to ignore THIS fact, we then move further into the
pits of unforgivable with a rather sizable list of plot-holes. A solid
example is when Bane finds Bruce's secret weapons division like he
magically knew where it was in his first try, but it was stated earlier
that the entire department had remained off the books--it is NEVER
stated how bane magically knew its location (and no, his accomplice had
no way of knowing either as only TWO people knew its location). Combine
this with how Bruce managed to return from a third world country back
to Gotham, get his bat-suit, sneak back in undetected, and do all of
this in the time window allotted by the plot. It's never even TOUCHED
upon! Finally, the cops, when they escape from underground, they're
magically clean and shaved after being trapped for MONTHS! That's just
not physically possible.Finally, the anticlimactic ending to Bane... Seriously, a character who
caused so much havoc; did so much to the city of Gotham, and he's
defeated in a blink of an eye?Side note, the "twist" at the end was spoiled by the movie prior to it.
When JGL threw the little gas grenade it was picked up by the auto-
piloted Bat to blast the whole.I'm going to be honest, I came into this movie with high hopes. What I
left with was sheer disappointment. For everything Nolan began to get
right with this movie he managed to do something more critical wrong.
As soon as I heard Bane was cast as the main villain I knew there was
no way Nolan was going to make this work... I'm sorry to say my
instinct was correct. Sadly, the ending to Nolan's Batman trilogy just
lost touch with everything that made it Batman in the first place.
			
it is terrible to witness what the result of quarter of a Billion
Dollars expense have come to. i personally think that such vast sum of
money shouldn't be allowed to be wasted on a movie at the best of
times, but in this case you tend to make allowances, it's Batman after
all. i hope there is a hell, because that's where we'll find Mr. nolan
and Co. and it's not because i am a devoted Christian, it's just that
i'm sure that you could have made at least twenty or more beautiful
movies with that money in the right hands. how could C. nolan go from a
legendary movie such as "inception" to... this? and dragging just about
the whole "inception" cast (minus leonardo) into this... thing? what
happen to batman? i don't remember seeing him in this alleged batman
movie. i saw c. bale, playing himself yet again (failure). i saw
somebody that was meant to be a cat-woman of some sort (failure). i saw
a poor M.Caine playing something that all it achieve was a high dose of
cringing (failure). i'm sure that Mr. Caine, whom i respect as an actor
very much (as far as i'm concerned M.Caine and G.Oldman are the only
real actors in this cast, as the third actor was kept behind a mask for
the whole duration. i know, M.Freeman was there too, but it may as well
stayed home. and yes, i suppose Joseph is getting there...) must have
had a fit when he was presented with the script, and if not, then is
loosing his touch, although i doubt it. good old G.Oldman trying to put
some life into a dieing and shredded character that never gets allowed
to develop (failure). why bother? Marion's version of the vindictive
bitch didn't quite convinced me. it just wasn't there (failure). maybe
she got tired of the same nasty characters and maybe, they should have
thrown charlize into the equation. or maybe there were too many bitch
characters for one movie. OK, the plot..., what plot? i read my fair
share of batman comics but i don't recall this messed up, incoherent
and disjointed character that is lost, and probably thinking that he
was on another movie set. in short, where the hell was Batman (failure,
yet again)? not the one that recover from a broken back (and i think
that that back was broken) to jump around like an acrobat, after his
delicate microsurgery and chiropractor's treatment that he received in
that forsaken jail by the locals... i think that in the real Batman, it
was a given that he was a man after all, with all the weakness
associated to it. that's why it made it more special, as we always knew
that it was a superhuman effort from a man (with the help of a few
gadgets). it was Batman, not Superman... and if it wasn't for CGI,
where this movie would be? that's all there is, and lots of it. i
suppose it need it something to make up for the, lack of a, story. i
wasted three hours of my life on something utterly worthless, that's
why i'm investing an extra half hour to help others to hold on their
precious time and not make the same mistake i did. in short, do not
waste your time and hard earned cash for this mish-mash. P.S. Does this
mean that there will be a sequel with Robin...?
			
Overblown, overly long and a cartoon-like plot. Why can't a movie be
just entertaining w/out the not-so-subtle politics? All I got from this
expensive propaganda film is "wealthy people are bad and the common
people are good". Money is the root of all evil and those who make it
and spend are bad. This whole film sounded like an obama TV add. This
turkey may have made a lot of money (again, for those bad rich people,)
but, I for one thought it was garbage. I enjoyed the other C. Bale
Batman movies, but this one just turned me off with its loud noise and
empty plot. Confusing, juvenile and aimed at uninformed young people who tend to
believe the crap coming out of Hollywood and the left wing press. Don't
waste your time or money.
			
Sometime when the supreme madness of the success that followed post TDK
had subsided, Chris Nolan and co, after initially resisting, finally
relented and decided to add a final chapter to the Batman Franchise and
so in a supreme madness of the hangovers that followed, the plot for
THE DARK KNIGHT RISES was most probably hatched albeit in a supreme
drunken stupor. I mean if you manage to keep the nostalgia of the DARK
KNIGHT aside, you can see the flaws in the plot in abundance. You have
to admit, the first of Chris Nolan's reincarnation of Batman was
realistic yet had that comical madness in it, a subtle blend of fiction
and reality, a true piece of art, Batman Begins was a huge success, and
then what followed was only stuff of the legend. The Dark Knight blew
me over by miles and then just as I was beginning to wonder whether
there will be another movie to match the astonishing beauty of the Dark
Knight and I realized with a heavy heart that as with every great
civilization, after you've reached the peak and the zenith of it's
grandeur, the only way forward is actually downhill. It's an historical
fact and Nolan's brilliant mind is no exception. The Dark Knight Rises
begins and ends in hurry. Hurried dialogues, with absolutely no logical
connection or sequence between subsequent events. Bruce Wayne appears
now to be in a bad shape reluctant to step forward and then a single
message from Commissioner Gordon suddenly infuses in him renewed energy
and he is back!! Bane? ah Bane! the hopeless romantic, is a confused
lot. He doesn't know what he wants but imagines himself at one time
that HE IS THE LEAGUE OF SHADOWS But alas!! Ra's Al Ghul has
excommunicated the poor chap from his group!! But what will Bane do??
his ego's the size of a mountain!! he needs to assert himself and so
orders his henchman (the unlucky chap) to remain behind in the
airplane, to suffice as his calling card to the authorities. But the
authorities had no time to discuss about the plane crash at any point
subsequently in the movie,(the movie is so haphazard and fast paced,
you hardly know what's going on!!) Talia Al ghul plays along as Bruce
Wayne's friend and his one time bed warmer all along albeit under a
nickname and ten minutes before the end of the movie, she suddenly
reveals her true character, her true motive (out of the blue, with no
warning!!) and then takes her leave as mysteriously, taking the steam
off of Bane's hard work with her, and then poor Bane fades into the
oblivion with only two major scuffles with the Batman throughout the
movie!! Catwoman Selina Kyle has pretty much a minor role to play (as
if any other character had anything substantial to do!!)hers is a well
beaten track, that of a cat burglar and an eventual flame of the
Batman. What a Shame!! Christopher Nolan has just exposed that his
first two Batman flicks were a flash in the pan, (Inception may have
been a huge success and a favourite but among idiots), the plot was
missing in the Dark Knight Rises. THERE IS NO COHERENCE!! No two scenes
flow into each other. It's a mess!! Sorry but for a die-hard Dark
Knight fan like myself, this movie is a DISGRACE!! It's a same old plot
with mediocrity written all over it. you will see haunting overtones of
the Batman Begins, and nothing of the beautifully woven story of TDK or
of the amazing performance by the Joker...Either Chris Nolan's gone
crazy or this must be the cruelest joke Christopher Nolan & co have
ever played on the sheepish public... Heath Ledger must be turning in
his grave!!
			
I actually would rate this movie a 7 or 8, but seeing that this movie
is rated 8.8/10 and is at the moment the 30th best movie of all time, I
just have to vote it down.You people are just ridiculous, all of you who rated this movie with a
10. You are destroying IMDb! I can understand if you really liked "The
Dark Knight", but this one? It was still a good movie, but it isn't
even in the TOP 10 of this years movies, yet you voted it as its like a
classic, a MUST-SEE.Go educate yourself, watch some movies! And if you don't know which
movies to watch, go down the List of IMDb's TOP 250 and watch those
movies which are at least 12 years old.
			
It's not the worst movie I have seen, but the money and the time they
spent on this movie, the effort, the talent behind it. It's like when a
Ferrari makes a really bad car, they should know better! The story is
idiotic, the characters are shallow, and the dialog is moronic. But the
biggest crime of it all, the action is boring! I mean, in this kind of
movie, I can put up with a lot of things, but it's an action movie, by
god, it has to get at least the action right.If you need to see something, see Argo instead. Do not waste your money
in time. If you liked the first 2 movies, you will likely want to see
this one, but I assure you, it's so bad by comparison. The first 2 had
a point, this one does not, at all!
			
First, the sound is atrocious, 25% is barely understood. It definitely
was movie made for 6 year old kids. Second it reminds me of those
stupid wrestling matches, when one bad guy beats up the main character,
then suddenly he recuperates and it's his turn to win. The greatest
part was Bat woman. She was great,except when she took over the
motorbike with the rockets. She goes around and blows up an
indefinitely amount of targets. Of course she only had 2 mounted
rockets. The villain was a stupid surprise. Completely out of
character. Also, thousands of cops stuck underground for 3 months, but
managed to survive anyways. Wow. Incredible child like script. Batman
has a broken back, and defective calves, but manages to recuperate
within 3 months and it's his turn to beat the hell out of the bad guy.
Incredible movie, even worst than the Dannie devito penguin movie.
			
Anything critics say I just assume the opposite. This is no exception.
This film is littered with plot holes, unneeded scenes which drag on
forever, barely any of the bat, horrible acting, clichd as heck
script, etc etc A few examples- 1. The very first scene, cool, but
entirely unneeded. So they tore up a plane. Cool. 2. Batman looks and
walks like he's 60 in the beginning, yet somehow by the end he is
strong enough to fight with the guy who tore him a new one earlier?
Please. 3. The note that Gordon had in his jacket about Harvey Dent-
Gordon gets throw in a sewer and somehow Bane is able to read that note
without a problem later? 4. All the police men go underground at the
same time. Did anyone think that might be a bad idea? 5. Catwoman
steals Batman's car and jewels, yet he gives her his motorcycle thing?
Is he that forgiving? 6. Batman escapes the pit simply because he
doesn't have a rope tied to him, and then somehow gets back to Gotham?
Did he call Alfred and say "hey man, sorry I fired you last month, can
you come get me in Africa?" I could go on...But the worst part of all=the ending. The absolute worst ending to a
movie ever. Before Batman drags the bomb away, gives that whole speech
about how anyone can be a hero then a bomb with a six mile radius blows
up. Then there is a mock funeral for Bruce, and honestly even after
dragging on for over 2 hours, I felt sad. Then it just dragged on and
gave the soap opera ending that somehow Bruce survived. Just awful. It
has its place among the five worst movies I've ever seen. Right up
there with Transformers 2 and King Kong among others.
			
Morgan Freeman's character goes from clever to worthless. Alfred goes
on and on about what's going to happen to Bruce when we know that
Alfred is always right so he's practically giving the plot away. Bane
could apparently do so much with no ease you become numb and
unimpressed by his character. Stronger than everyone, able to hack
anything, everything. Seems to know where everything is effortlessly,
where the reactor is, batmans batcave, how to hack the stock market,
find 100s of thugs who have no prob committing suicide when the bomb
goes off, c'mon. So far fetched. So unintelligent unlike the dark
knight. Colliard's character was the most unsatisfying, not to mention
unconvincing twist. I could go on and on about this movie..Jesus
			
I don't understand how this movie is getting all the great reviews. I
like the other 2 installments by Nolan, but was extremely disappointed
here. This movie did not have a "Batman" feel to it. The movie seemed
to have too many irrelevant themes and a predictable plot. Dialogue was
very cheesy and characters were shallowly represented. There was some
nice direction, but for the most part the cinematography and setting
was mundane. The action scenes were okay at best. In my opinion, this
movie is filled with flaws and doesn't deserve the praise it's
receiving. Just seems like Nolan was trying to do too much with this
movie without focusing on it's essence. Also, I think that the timing
of introducing Robin towards the end of this series makes no sense
whatever.
			
Batman never was that great but still they had to be this crappy i mean
holy crap its so predictable on what is going to happen the acting is
just terrible the story line and the plot just horrible. i mean this
trilogy epic ha okay that is just god damn funny ha this trilogy is not
great but it is not that bad its just an average trilogy. i mean bane
you can not understand what he is saying most of the time i mean this
is no where near the same as the dark knight from two thousand and
eight its just so bad and completely overrated film its just so god
damn bad i mean its very god damn unrealistic even for a comic film its
just that bad. Save your money and do not watch the dark knight rises
okay watch something better and worth watching okay.
			
I read the many positive reviews and couldn't wait for it... turns out
to be a major disappointment!!! I really liked the first one, the
second was outstanding but this one was just ridicules! Bad script,
storyline, characters and dialogs... even now I can't believe it.What really upsets me was the character of Bane. I never felt anything
for him. Never loved, hated or love-hated him. No believable antagonism
that let me think about his arguments. And even this crap vanished when
he turned out to be the paladin for Miranda. Did this surprise me? No
way. It was more like, oh no, what a stupid twist...Other points that bothered me: The calculated collapse of the core was
predicted to be in five month or so, how nice that they could figure
out a precise countdown. Typically he dramatic show off some minutes
before blowup... Waynes imprisonment somewhere in Northafrica and his
out of the blue emergence in hermetically sealed Gotham-City just hours
before the end of countdown... Blakes sudden discovery of Waynes
secret, his shame"-talk about Gordons protection for criminal Dent and
his sudden transformation into Robin.... Besides, the predictability
concerning the showoff (I told my friend that I suppose Batman fixed
the autopilot)... Actually, just before the end, I thought, the only
thing that can save this movie is a blown up GC....In most aspects a totally unbelievable movie.I can't believe all the 7, 8, 9 and 10 ratings. What movie did they
watched?
			
terrible end to an otherwise good movie series. (I am sorry if my
spelling is not perfect)sorry. but this movie was just terrible in my opinion. I saw how they
started to slip in the end of the second one with 2 face. they say they
wanted to make these movies real, but they failed. 2 face is not
believable, a single slap on his damaged side would probably put him in
a coma. (how he is even alive is any ones guess)but back to the third one. I thought it would be at LEAST like the
third transformers, a good ending but not as good as the first ones.
but that was me being positive. the movie could be cut, like 20-30
minutes with just annoying and pointless silent moments. don't exactly
know how to explain them, but one time is OK. 2 is acceptable. but
there were like 4 or more of them (stopped counting after 4)and then the name of the movie. the MAIN character. BATMAN. he was
barely in the movie. :S sure we saw a lot of Bruce. but almost no
batman, and a batman movie without batman is just stupid. and I didn't
understand why Bruce was hiding or whatever he did in the beginning.
sure I liked cat woman, I admit that :) but that was almost the only
thing. the fighting scenes with batman and bane was terrible. I just
sat and was shaking my head. not believing it. I mean COME ON! sure
bane feels no pain, but that dozen't mean that the damage goes away. he
should AT LEAST be bleeding in the first fight (out of 2) and many of
banes punches would most likely not hurt batman to much considering his
armor! and the voice of bane was pathetic, I almost laughed in the
cinema. I liked the overall story, the idea for the movie. but they
failed big time. I was hoping for more. at about halfway through Alfred
disappeared. I mean. with the city like it was should't we at least see
him a little then? and I don't understand how bane found fox armory. or
that Talia, who says she hates her father, just because he dies, she
wants to continue his works :S makes NO SENSE! 2 scenes in the movie I
LIKED! the first time you saw batman return. and the ending :) so a few
things were good. and I don't understand why Bruce suddenly don't need
the thing he had on his leg after a short while? did he heal? :P and to finish. just an alternate thought to bane, also in the realistic
(probobly even a bit more realistic) way to make bane. why not have him
use some kind of anabolic steroids. (the drug body builders use to
become bigger) just an "home version" or "experimental"? I mean, people
have been using the real one for years, it is not impossible that he
could have used a bigger one with short term effectiveness. grow a
little bit every time he uses it, but at the same time it makes him
more unstable. even to himself. no HULK or anything. but a little
growth. my brother who LOVED this movie thought it was a kind of good
idea even.anyway. I am not saying that if you liked the movie, then you are
stupid or something, but I don't understand it. but everyone is allowed
their own opinion. if you have a comment I will love to read it.
whether you liked the movie or not. :)//alex
			
Before I start this, let this be on the record -- you will enjoy this
movie no matter what.Having said that, I really "did" expect a bit more -- Especially in the
fighting department.A very thought-provoking film of course, but really, come on... the
very essence of any super-hero flick is, the "hero vs villain" fighting
archetype.They battle for their beliefs. They battle with everything they've got.
So in essence, the fight scenes have to be a bit more spectacular than
that.The script and storyline is beautiful, but the fight scenes were kind
of a "street brawler" type.With its current entirety, I would have been contented. But Because my
wife and my son were still in Disney's "brave" theater, I had a few
hours to kill. So I snuck inside Total Recall.And total Recall reminded me of everything lacking with Dark Knight.
Total Recall had the Jason Bourne, spy stuff, awesome fight scenes. The
scenes had an efficient, no wasted movements, go for your opponent's
weaknesses, fighting style.Batman and bane looked like two ex-boxers fighting in the streets.Too bad. I expected more. I'm an action buff. And I expected awesome
action. I got it from Total Recall, but I didn't get it from Batman.
			
Christopher Nolan knows what he's doing and in The Dark Knight Rises,
he does a great job of distracting the viewer from what's really going
on. Which is, quite frankly, A MESS.The 'storyline' is even more sprawling and incoherent than The Dark
Knight. It's an extremely lengthy movie and yet because there are an
infinite number of plot strands, none of them are involving enough -
and there's not really enough time spent on any of the characters,
including Bruce Wayne/Batman.There's one setting - it's a prison, I won't spoil anything - except
that the prison feels completely out of place in a Batman movie. The
film spends far too long there and it feels like a completely separate
film, and in my opinion it would make a great film on its own - but it
doesn't fit in this story at all, which should all take place in
Gotham.The main villain Bane (Tom Hardy) is a major disappointment after Heath
Ledger's Joker - his face is covered with a mask and his voice is
ridiculous.But like Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight, I do feel that there was one
redeeming feature to The Dark Knight Rises and that is Anne Hathaway's
Catwoman. She's a much-needed breath of fresh air, energy and even
comedy in an otherwise uninvolving film.
			
The worst movie in this year... cmon i feel sorry for today's kids
watching this batman. We had great batman's and this is nothing but a
stupid movie where i asked myself in the cinema every 5 minutes WTF?
cmon WTF really?? Bane has a voice like an ent from lord of the
rings...why couldn't it be a little more scary if it is his main
characteristic-that voice... anyway i didn't like it and i can
guarantee that the more you put something on billboards and make a huge
commercials about some movie you can make every movie look good. so how
much money you spend for commercials about some bad movie by that much
your scenario will get better... don't wanna spend my time writing
anymore just awful movie. but it big commercials tough.
			
I Don't Even Know Where To Begin ...Fist Of All, Bane Was Spanish, Where Did They Get This Russian Bane
From? Second, Bane Was Big, But He Got Bigger With VENOM Like The Hulk Does
When He Gets Mad ... I Didn't Hear Them Even Mention VENOM ...Third, That Mask For Bane Was Idiotic, And Had Nothing To Do With His
Character ...Movie Makers Need To Invest Some Time Into Reading A Comic Or Two ...
Or At Least Watching A Cartoon About The Superhero They Want To Make A
Movie About ...After "The Dark Knight", Where They Did A Brilliant Job Of Capturing
The Jokers Anarchistic Personality And One Of The Greatest Performances
Of All Time By Heath Ledger, You End The Trilogy With This Garbage ...Even Though "The Dark Knight" Wasn't As Faithful To The Real Batman
Story As I Would Like, Because The Whole Thing With Rachel Was Stupid
Even From The First Movie, It Still Got The Central Story Across, The
Joker Was About Destruction, Harvey Went from Being The White Knight,
To A Villain, In This You Have Bane Taking Over The City, There Was No
Hugo Strange, No Mention Of The Joker, It Was Almost As If This Was The
Fourth Movie, And The Beginning Of A New Trilogy, The Ending Was
Climactic But The Movie Didn't Build Up To It And I Was Not Into The
Movie At All ...There Were A Couple Of Good Points, Like When They Made Everybody
Believe That Bane Was Ra's Al Ghul's Son(I Was So Mad, Because I Knew
That Talia Was His Real Daughter), and It Turned Out To Be Miranda
(Talia Al Ghul) ... And When They Show That Bane Does A Backbreaker On
Batman, Although He Didn't Break His Back, It Insinuated That The
Batman Was Broken ... But All In All, This Fell Flat on It's Face, And
It's A Shame That People Will Spend Good Money To Be Ripped Off Like
This
			
I had such high hopes to be entertain when entering the theatre to
watch this movie. But half way through, I wished I left my brains at
the door. The Dark Knight was such a good film that it set the bar very high for
others. Alas, Nolan himself was not able to reach the same high for
TDKR. In fact, it seems that he care not at all with the latest Batman
installment. Without giving too many details away, Batman has been in hiding for
like 8 years and decided the world doesn't need Batman. Gotham is in
peace- time and everyone still believes that Batman killed Harvey. Bane has been building his army to blow up Gotham and to perhaps also
kill Batman. Batman has to stop himThe plot holes were very glaring in TDKR. It was never clearly
explained why Bruce decided to put on the costume after resisting it
for the last 8 years. He was in deep mourning after the death of Rachel
and also Harvey which we're reminded less than 10 mins into the movie.
But upon hearing Gordon was in hospital and was attacked by some goons,
Bruce decided the mourning period was over . Just like that, Batman
returnsThen we have Seline who is supposed to be this poor woman who can't
find a decent job but having to resort to stealing to make a living. No
clear explanation to her motive except that she clearly wants out and
the only way to do this is to get rid of her criminal records from the
authorities. The issue with Seline is this. Here you have someone who
easily broke into hard to break safe and jumping from tall building
landing safely and all. But never once she thought of clearing her
criminal records herself but she needs someone working in Bruce office
to do it for her. If that was what Nolan wanted us to believed, then
clearly Nolan has underestimated our intelligenceClark, a young police officer who was raised from the orphanage and is
street wise. Little is known about him except that he knew it all along
who Batman was. Even Gordon who has worked with Batman for many many
years and attended all the social events with Bruce never once could
figured out who was the real Batman. But Clark, he saw Bruce one time
with 2 ladies at the orphanage and had a ta-dah' moment. Clearly Nolan
is hoping we too could be fooledThere are like 100 more weak plot holes that I can share here but it
will take me more than a day and another 10000 words to write it up. Clearly Nolan has lost it with TDKR. It should not have been that
surprising since we saw it coming with Inception. TDKR, just like
Inception, felt very rushed and the editing was choppy at best. There
was very little character development, ala style over substance. Is
this what Nolan is aiming for? Weak plot once again is evident in TDKR
just like in Inception. What was once a promising director of our generation is fast becoming a
joke. If Nolan thinks he can get away with such stupidity he kept
throwing at us, then he better think again. A certain director that was
also once the toast of the town is now the joke of the industry (hint:
Senses of the 6th) Here's hoping he will learned from his mistake and tone down on the
style but more on the substance. Movies such as Momento & Imsomnia made
us noticed him and his talent. But The Dark Knight Returns clearly is
telling us his ego is growing a lot faster than his talent. What a
pity. He could have been something much more..
			
A mediocre comic book film. While decent at times, there are too many
patches of poor dialog the bring out poor performances from the actors.
While Bruce Wayne is reluctant to put back on the bat suit, Bale seems
equally reluctant to put on his Bruce Wayne suit. His performance is
entirely uninteresting and he never seems to recover any fire.Hathaway does a fair job, but she and Bale lack chemistry. A scene with
Levitt is so poorly written and performed it is painful to watch.Bane is never menacing. It sounds like he is impersonating Jeremy Irons
from Die Hard 3. He also does this ridiculous head shake during his
speech, as if to insure the audience that he is speaking.The tie in to A Tale of Two Cities is obvious and ham fisted. There is
so little build up to the behavior the citizens quickly adopt that it
just fails to make itself plausible. While the personal sacrifice from
A Tale of Two Cities makes that story powerful, the cop out in this
film weakens the whole story. Some of the action scenes are pretty good. Some are just ridiculous.
Batman always seems like some guy in a suit who is fighting a creepy
guy with a mask.Overall this movie just fails to ever become compelling.
			
MINOR SPOILER ALERT - I am halfway through a screening of this and it's
already begun to look clichd. Within a few minutes of the opening the
Bane character played by the Lime actor Mr Hardy is in many scenes -
and let me say that I am already shocked at how clichd and bad he
comes off.What's with his 'The Fi-ire Ri-ses!' being spoken like he is a
televangelist? No one in real life speaks like that - not even madmen -
this is ridiculous acting from Hardy.That is all. Watch Neeson and that Murphy dude in Batman Begins, skip this one until
it's in the bargain bin. I have seen more art and interesting things
from BB from the trailer and clips on the internet on YT than I have in
this film. I am already disappointed and want to get my money back but
I cannot - it's too late.EDIT: after watching the whole film I am of the view that the training
scenes with Neeson and Bale in the mountains were better than the whole
of TDKR - With the exception of the ass shots of Catwoman.
			
I went into this film not expecting much except to see Tom Hardy as I
was blown away by his performance in Bronson.I have to say I couldn't understand what was going on 1/2 the time and
the other 1/2 I was simply bored, way too much talking that wasn't
coherent, I couldn't follow the plot, it seemed like they just hashed
elements from all the best selling Batman graphic novels and sewed them
together, I have to say I think it's time for WB to hang up batman's
cowl for good, in 1989 critics remarked that Michael Keaton looked
wooden and somewhat ridiculous in the plasticky looking batman outfit
and here we are years later and I can't say say much better for this
version, he simply looks silly, I imagine the Batman as some type of
ultimate bad a$$, the suit doesn't do him justice, he looks stupid and
they need to come up with a different way to present the outfit so he
doesn't look injection molded, batman's suit needs a more cloth looking
approach instead of the plastic junk he's been wearing for 20+ years.bottom line if you're deep into this franchise go have a blast I'm sure
you'll enjoy yourself, if you're on the fence consider this like the
previous 2 installations, entertaining enough but not worth a second
viewing, I'd have to say the first installment is the best in the
series and it's a damn shame they had Tom Hardy wearing that mask the
whole time as it would have been great to see him overpower this all
star ensemble, I guess I'll have to wait until the new Mad Max film for
that and will hopefully not have to sit through many more poor
adaptations of DC comics characters, I'm thinking DC might be done,
their heroes just aren't as relevant to a contemporary audience.
			
ill start off by saying i think this film deserved a 7/10 because of
the special effects and awesome cast but ill just give it 1 because its
already rated to high.this film never really got me off my seat and the whole film i was
thinking to myself it will probably get better and when it got to the
end scenes it was a complete anticlimax. batman didn't even kill bane
for crying out loud. the gadgets went over the top. like the bat helicopter which was
ridiculous and ruined the whole elegance of the film. catwoman was the only thing that i enjoyed as she looked so good in
this film and acted superbly. batman has lost its flare now and they have run out of ideas. the plot
has become dry and unrealistic. and the fact that trying to hear what
bane said you need subtitles and there was no facial expression from
him as he had the mask ruined it. i thought that the other evil person who stabbed batman was a waste of
time and was predictable and i think they should have left bane as the
top bad guy. if your watching this film don't get your hopes up and just expect a
decent film that passes time.
			
How in the world are so many sheep giving this ridiculous movie a 10?
What's cute is how people justify hilarious plot holes and lazy writing
by saying, "It's based on a comic book. It's supposed to be over the
top and fantastic." Really? How many of you have read the comic book?
How many of you even like comic books?To put it plainly, this movie requires a sheep audience. To accept so
many outrageously stupid plot turns and bad characters, you'd have to
have predetermined you were going to love it no matter what.Before you review this movie, go look at the top 250 on this site and
ask yourself if this movie sits where it belongs on the list. If you
sincerely believe this joke belongs in the top ten (as of this writing)
movies of all time... you just may be a bat-sheep.
			
First off this movie might as well been named "Cat Women Begins"
because that's who your gonna see doing the most of getting into
character. Why I rated this movie so awful is because I came to see
Batman save the day not Cat Women. Cat Women shoots Bane and kills him
with Batman's bike...lame I thought Batman was the hero here. The main
secret women villain dies by a car crash...also lame. Batman saves the
day by flying a nuke, which doesn't look like a nuke at all, away from
Gotham in his Bat Wing which looks more like a Bat Helicopter on Auto
Pilot to fake his own death. The people of Gotham make a Batman a
statute as if he was the mayor or a president rather than just making a
permanent bat symbol plaque which comes off as cheesy. Other huge
flaws: Bruce Wayne treats Alfred like crap and kicks him out of the
house after everything he has done for him and his family. Batman
abandoned Gotham for 8 years which Batman would never do ever and
became a cripple somehow in that time. What exactly caused that
anyway??? The biggest flaw of them all, is Batman gets shot
accidentally by police and the bullet ricochets off his suit and the
audience laughs. Yet everyone somehow forgets that and is awwwwed by
what is suppose to be an epic moment of Batman being stabbed.....So a
knife can get through the bat suit but bullets can't? So batman did
nothing in this movie but get you to the theater to show you the best
cat women. Deny all you want, these are facts of the movie and take
away all the key elements that made the first two great. Extra flaw,
where was the epic music in the first Bane vs Batman fight that Cat
Women tricked Batman into??? Also why did the whole soundtrack to the
movie lack epic music in key scenes and seem to underplay what was
happening? The Dark Knight soundtrack has more epic music that fans
want to hear. WHY DID EVERYONE JUST CAVE AND TURN A BLIND EYE TO THESE
FLAWS WHICH WRECKS THIS MOVIE THAT HAD SO MUCH HYPE AND POTENTIAL?????
ANYONE??? SERIOUSLY PLEASE SOMEONE TELL ME WHY THIS IS WINNING SO MUCH!
			
The dark knight rises was a major disappointment for me, the characters
Catwoman and Bane were rushed along and terribly done yet this movie is
still 165 minutes long. however Batman also felt strange, like they
forgot they need to at least act like batman was an established
character in the other two movies and was established a certain way.
bane was not the character that am familiar with, i understand
Christopher Nolan was going for a more "realistic view on the Caped
crusader but why use a villain like bane in something meant to be
semi-possible in the real world? but when watching TDKR i couldn't help but think this is not the batman
Christopher Nolan has been creating since 2005 with BB. and then after
thinking they butchered Bane enough i find out to my disgust that bane
is a mere henchman to somebody we barely know as a character. catwoman
who has a very convoluted relationship with the Caped crusader was
thrown into the movie and ushered through to get back to the "plot"
then of course the pit, where was it? because it seemed like Bruce got
back to Gotham in no time,the Bruce who has no money, nobody knows
where he is, he is surely starved, and dehydrated just climbs out
and...teleports back to Gotham? i guess batman really does have a
superpower after all. and the bomb is no one going to die from
radiation? because they didn't act concerned that the bomb was still
pretty close. and finally "Robin" so JGL is what the heir to batman's
throne? because he is a basic cop with some minor fighting skills?
guess someone has to take over since batman is in Paris with the the
underdeveloped catwoman. banes voice was a joke guess what bane if
people cannot understand you, it makes you less scary( but then again
his lines sounded like a 12 year old wrote them so maybe it is good
nobody could understand him) also punching spines heals them, everybody
knows this. the fight scenes were impossible see properly, not that
their were many anyways since bane and batman fight twice the first one
which was just sad, was too dark to see, camera barely ever showed them
and batman fought like a mindless chicken. and the second he finally
realized "hey look bane has a mask lets cut off his access to the
serum/medicine or whatever it was. and then catwoman gets to finish
him, they needed a reason for him to go to Paris with her after she
betrayed him. final thoughts it just made no sense, threw to many
characters in for the sake of it and didn't do enough to make me care
at about them all.
			
Who can write ten lines for this without descending to profanity?
Simple preparation for this movie: 1)Find ruminant's dung in field.
2)locate and extract mushrooms 3) ingest on the spot, in suitable
like-minded company 4) proceed to discussion to the intent of creating
a story and it's script. Whatever you do, don't be tempted to upgrade
the intellectual quality of the brainstorming with whisky or glue
sniffing. I watched this to the end in disbelief, not in pain. The
scene of the police advancing on the street to fight rogues brandishing
machine guns must have taken some time to run. Could have tried a
remake of the shark hanging from the helicopter, while they were at it.
			
I tried hard to find some kind of story line, but it just wasn't there.
This film is a sequence of action scenes for people who don't want to
use too much brain power. I gave up with ten minutes to go. The
guidelines require ten lines of text but without expressing the levels
of boredom for each scene it is hard to pad out the fact that this is
movie is a miserable waste of money with an appeal to people with two
digit IQ levels. The beginning was silly and the middle was poor and
the end was going nowhere before I decided that life was too short to
continue. I did't care for Christian Bale's performance as a charmless
character - he was so good as a 14 year old in Empire of the Sun. A
great film that was well written as a book and sensitively scripted as
a film.
			
Batman used to be a fun character. Then Nolan took over and ran the
franchise into the ground. "Batman Begins" was not bad actually, but
"The Dark Knight" was terrible. His third effort in the series hits a
new low, an agonizingly long and tedious affair featuring a convoluted
but sophomoric story riddled with cartoon characters. With his inane
script and sluggish direction, Nolan once again demonstrates why he is
one of the biggest hacks working in the movies these days. Although it
has a large, impressive cast of familiar faces, none of the characters
is the least bit interesting. Only good news is rumors that this might
be Nolan's last Batman film.
			
***Spoiler**** not that it really matters... BAD MOVIE. Really bad. I
felt like I was watching my nephew's play abatman video game... fast
paced, lots of action, the plot didn't really matter, you never really
got a feel for character motivation etc. AVOID. I really really liked
the first dark night, liked the second, and this one? ugh. Not much
more to add, but IMDb makes you add more lines. So, read some of my
gripes. 1. Robin is a trapeze artist, not a detective. 2. alfred bails.
Really? Why? and to where? You have a world class actor and basically
write him out of the script. 3. batman. Helloo, they wrote him out of
the script as well. 3. mmrmf. "huh?" Mmmrrmf "what was that?" mrrmf.
Between batman grunting and he man mumbling through a face mask, it was
really hard to hear dialouge over the 4. BOOM BOOM BOOM of the drums.
Yes, drums. Lots of them. 5. plot. Yeah, cyber crime... it exists so
YOU DON"T HAVE TO ACTUALLY BREAK INTO ANYTHING lol 6. batman fixes the
software issue in the bat ship... really? If he can do that, then why
exactly does he need a tech guy in the first place? In a nutshell, they made a movie with a weak plot and wrote out the
main character and some of the stronger actors. Left with a muttering
mess of a movie.
			
This movie just sucked. There was nothing good about it. I can't
believe I waited this long to watch it and not a single person warned
me of what a high budget piece of turd this flick turned out to be. It
was so terrible that I refuse to even go into any detail as there are
dozens of Youtube videos that explain is as good as I can after
suffering through it only one time.To think that people died to see this movie on opening night makes it
all that much more disappointing. Watch the James Holmes Conspiracy
documentary on Youtube, it is far more interesting and thought invoking
than this piece of shite film. After watching the documentary I have
come to the conclusion that there is much more that went on regarding
the Aurora massacre than meets the eye. The media seemingly blatantly
disregarded who James Holmes's father is and what it was he was working
on, and who he was set to testify against when the shooting happened.
Please take the time to watch the full documentary and prepare to have
your mind blown.
			
I'm sorry people of the world, but apparently my finger is so not on
your collective pulse. When it comes to anything besides making
something look expensive, Nolan fails utterly and this movie is his
coup de grce on the importance of intelligent scriptwriting.
Overtaking the god-awful Inception and the frustratingly dumb
Prometheus, the worst written script of all time that received a 9
digit funding is now this mindlessly bashed together piece of what
would be used as toilet paper for a week obligatorily worldwide in any
universe which I am the ruler of. After I wrote a stupid essay on the
previous installment - that now appears like art-house to me - blaming
the movie for the rising popularity of pseudo-intellectualism in
mainstream cinema, I have to stand in awe as where Nolan was at least
just a pretentious, talentless prick with rich friends he now is a lazy
pretentious, talentless prick with rich friends. My god, he was a
horrible, infantile scriptwriter so far, but now he just doesn't seem
to even give a rat's ass about it anymore. Was it lack of inspiration?
A creative dilemma? Did he watch his former movies? I don't know.
Nolan's basic lack of ability to efficiently pace the happenings of his
movies, progress his stories trough anything but his South-American
soap-opera style, exposition-only dialog, his disregard that his
protagonist is a pathetic, mumbling, repulsive, shallow dick with
nothing to go for, who looks like sh*t in his stupid costume and fights
worse then I do, his psychopathic addiction to mindless, melodramatic
bullsh*t sum up to one of the lowest quality, most embarrassing
blockbusters I have seen in my whole life. I've spent the last 15 years
ranting about action movies ruined by stupid comic relief and
stereotypical crap, but not even the writers of Independence Day
allowed themselves the thoughtless disregard of everything that is the
art of movie-making at the degree Christopher Nolan dares putting
forward. If there is a labour union responsible for QA in modern
cinema, I demand Nolan be shot to the moon or deported back to
filmschool with an F- before he can do more damage then he already has
done.This movie deserves a 0/10.
			
I am not even trying to compare this movie to first two of the serious
coz thats a futile attempt but seriously who directed this movie? Is he
the same man who direct TDK and movies like Inception & Mememto ? I
cant believe it? This is way toooooo stupid & too shallow to belong to
any sensible director!!! I think Nolan must had taken paycheck while
some second unit was doing its shooddy job ...in 18/19century some well
known writers including Alexander Dumas at times used to employ army of
"assistant writers" who will write while they publish in their name ;
are we seeing something like that? This movie , its story ..its
annoying music ..hollow characters n stupid story sequences are way too
irritating n too much insulting to even a donkey faced audience. If The
Dark Knight was highest point in the superhero movie history , this
gotta be the lowest ebb since it came from someone whom the world saw
as Kubrick's Son !!!! Still cant believe those who adore the movie
.....are the sarah palin types growing at such a phenomenal rates in
USA? Do they even ustand what a movie is?
			
I always check the IMDb ratings before watching any movie. So
naturally, with an 8+ rating I figured the movie would be pretty good.
What a disappointment. I don't think the reviewers watched the same
movie I did. Cat Woman added at least a little spark for a while, but
ends up going nowhere. This whole movie somehow seems to go nowhere.
The villain's voice was ridiculous - somewhere between Captain Picard
and the Martian on Bugs Bunny. Also, why did everyone have to call
Batman 'THE Batman'- very annoying. Artistic license given to the
Batman series by DC has ruined the superhero for me. Why can't we have
a normal Batman doing normal superhero stuff? Why does it have to be
one continuous sob story? This movie was a waste of money and time. I
hope this rating was inflated by Batman fanatics and not a trend on
IMDb.
			
I would just like to say that this movie makes the Tim Burton batman
look better than this utter garbage. Loved batman begins and the dark
knight, but this is so awful on so many levels. It makes Vanilla Sky
seem like a great plot. Mr Nolan you should be ashamed after making
this movie. No doubt you will have lost a lot of admirers after this
dismal attempt, and i cant blame them . I for one will not be watching
anymore of your movies. How the movie company let you make this i will
never know. Plot = Rubbish. Acting = Rubbish. Action = Rubbish. Plot
Holes = Many. Bad Guy = A Joke. I can honestly say that this movie was
made with very little regard to true batman fans.
			
I thought The Dark Knight with Heath Ledger was one of the best films
I'd seen in a long time. So I didn't go into this expecting that they
could ever top it. But I did expect that it would be thrilling,
gadget-filled, cool, action-packed and intimidating. It was none of
those things. Where to begin? You need closed captions most of the time
for Bane's character. And his voice is so laughable, you can't be
intimidated by him. He sounds like a bad impression of Sean Connery
mixed with a tiny bit of helium. The movie is so tedious... boring
beyond belief. The actions scenes are few and far between and the cool
gadgets and exciting moments are down to about 10 minutes of a way too
long film. The movie jumps all over the place and seems extremely
disjointed. There is a lot of bad acting. The storyline is mostly
ridiculous. The villain was pretty laughable. My husband nailed it when
he said this movie was "insufferable."
			
How could some of you people (Brainwashed, Blind, Mentally Challenged,
Something)give this garbage good ratings? The Adam West Batman Movie
with the "Bat-Shark repellent" was more realistic and believable than
this retarded (Insulting) manure. The first Dark Knight sucked, the
second one was good, this one is a waste of "EVERYTHING". Tim Burton's
versions will always be the best and most true to the Batman myth and
icon. Read the Batman comics in the Late 80's and all the 90's. Bane
was a Latin character, not James Bond-like British. Bane was "The
Muscle" "The Brute" "The Goon" "The Caveman", not "The Brain", not a
"Criminal Mastermind" with a cult-like followers. What a piece of
shiite. The Catwoman intro had been done before by Tim Burton. The same
mistletoe scene and everything. Best Batman Comics to read: Detective
Comics #583-594 and 601-621.Any Batman books by those 2 guys: Alan
Grant and Norm Breyfogle
			
Those drums and bloody music will they ever stop? Yet another corporate
serving of Hollywood, dumb nastiness. A dead pan murdering of The
Batman saga with no humour or comic relief. It has a patronising ending
ripped off from any James Bond movie. Countdown bomb clock 1minute 30
seconds to go and they are still exchanging sloooow meaninful glances,
Hortense. And The Iron Giant with IT ALL SPELLED OUT IN BIG WRITING for
the less imaginative in the audience so they can scuttle back home
sucking thumbs and gurgling happily. I don't expect anything cerebral
from Batman flicks with absurd plot twists etc. Batman movies have had
some depth in the characters that allowed you to involve. This had none
despite all the 'deep emotional' speechifying. It would have benefited
from sawing off about an hour of the interminable akshun sequences and
very, very and honestly to God folks, fake cliff hangers. Dreadful
directing, all a fine cast told to act in the 'Standard CSI Self
Important Wooden' manner. Cain didn't. A generic habit of inserting
deliberately sadistic violence in some American action films as a plot
device fails every time. It means nothing adds nothing and fails to
entertain, which is how I felt afterwards about the whole movie.
Peckinpahs', The Wild Bunch will always be one of the greatest ever
movies.
			
This movie was partly put out by the DOD (Department of Defense) who
helps program and censor a lot of Programs(why do you think they call
it programming?). The Billionaire Banker is the good guy, who society
cannot live without and if you took away his money all of us would
completely go down the tubes without him. The movie is full of
Subliminal and not so-subliminal messages that condition us to accept
all manifestations of the modern technological surveillance state.
Notice how they make the average person appear Powerless and helpless,
only the Government can help you, you can't do anything for yourself.
Just give away all your Freedom for Security or the manufactured
Bogeyman will get you. The Billionaire banker is a Christ figure that is going to 'give it all
up', give everything to society. This film is made to hit your
Subconscious mind not conscious mind. All these action movies are to
make you think there's a Terrorist under every table. Totally STUPID!!!
But it does affect the Average person.
			
I didn't watch the other Batman-movies. I was never really interested
in them and now I'm sure I won't watch them.The Dark Knight Rises can be summarized as:- cheesy dialogues and flat characters- a plot which is full of logical errors- dumb stereotypes and clichs- a ridiculous villain which made me laugh every time he appeared on
screen. He just looked like an idiot with this mask (which is just a
blatant, uninspired copy of Mortal Kombat anyway). But his
background-story is even more ridiculous and stupid.- lots of really boring effects instead of a plotI can't take this movie serious. I think it's a Batman parody that went
wrong.
			
Could it be worse? Well it can be, however considering the time, money
and effort spent on this title, no, it cannot get any worse. No proper
dialogue, full of clichs, no cinematography, no fluency in action
scenes, no room for acting. Complete waste of time. We basically watch
Nolan's (and his brother's) idea of hell for civilization, but it is
told in such a clich and mediocre way that it is not the story but
watching the movie feels like hell. It is a mundane form of film
making, story telling. This feels like Nolan experimenting on taking
things to the extreme just to be able to use his favorite brass music
and his addiction to dying-to-impress action scenes: so if you like to
see a movie where out of this world notions of good and bad are put
into war in the ugliest manner, please go ahead. It is not the
senseless darkness of the story that is disturbing, but complete
failure of Nolan's in film making and even worse than that story
telling... An utter disappointment...
			
How to write a review long enough so that it actually gets posted. It
is not worth the time to write a lengthy detailed review of the bad
things that already have been said.So I'll just spew out my opinion/question: Why do these movies with
story lines for 10 year-olds, score so big with adults?This movie is your typical Hollywood movie completely over-saturated
with clichs and depictions of how people would never react to events
in real life. Perfect example: The explosions at the stadium. It shows
an entire stadium full of people reacting the way no human would ever
react in real life. I mean "come one." Did the people in the theater
shooting react the same way and stay in place? No.... Right there is
where I have the biggest problem with the movie... The stretch is just
too much... and that is just one example. This movie is saturated with
fantasy that is just illogical.It seems as the movie tries to depict a clich version of life's highs
and lows that have been depicted way too many times in other movies.I remember watching "Independence Day" many years ago and initially
thinking it was a great movie, but then as I watched it again, I
noticed that there were too many stereotypical Hollywood (America is
the world saver) scenes in this movie. This batman movie is exactly like that. It is a recycling of the same
overall American Clich depicted in so many Hollywood movies.It is beyond me how people keep liking the same stuff over and over
again.------------- On a positive side, I think the acting was superb. I do
like the entire cast. --------------Nevertheless, everything else in this movie - from the plot to the
directing was horrendous.
			
Probably everyone knows the feeling of having a nice big box of
fireworks, and there's this big impressive looking rocket in there, and
you wait for a bit, the other fireworks are all pretty good, and then
you light the rocket as a grande finale, and up it goes into the low
clouds and pffft.... no light, no action, no sound. Well, there we have
the unfortunate trajectory of the Dark Knight. It is a little difficult
to believe that Dir. Nolan was actually involved in the film: perhaps
bored at the necessity of finishing off a trilogy? There are none of
the rapid changes of plot direction that have made even his lesser
offerings good to watch -- just a thudding (by means of dramatic music
even over somewhat mundane scenes, suggesting something big might be
coming...) step-by-shuddering step from beginning to end. No pace, no
surprise, no complexity. The only changes were, let us say, 'less than
strongly' motivated by the film's development. Perhaps I got a bad deal
and was watching just the outtakes (although 160 minutes of outtakes
is, I guess, some kind of effort)? The predictability was mind-numbing,
the acting wooden, the sound sometimes odd, some scenes with almost a
filmed-for-TV feel to them, the set pieces working so 'set' that it
gives a new low to the term. This was not only the worst Batman outing
by Nolan by far, it is certainly the worst Nolan film I have seen.
Derivative to the max. For me, his credibility as an interesting
director has now been placed seriously on the line. Only good thing was
that he didn't even bother trying to have anyone fail at outvillaining
Heath Ledger. It is as a consequence difficult to understand the review
scores for this hotchpotch. There are of course worse films: but adding
up the potential and the financial resources that went into this one
doesn't leave much excuse for what came out. That's the reason that
this review doesn't need to contain spoilers; the film sadly spoils
itself quite enough on its own. Perhaps some rather more thoughtful and
accurate scores will come out when the dust settles.
			
what can I say that has not said before?? I heard co-workers talk about how amazing this movie is, etc, etc, but
really? I was totally bored and mad at this stupid movie. The first batman movie was great, the second was a acting treat from
Ledger, then this rubbish????I could not care less about this movie it was too long and stupid no
acting whatsoever....It really pisses me off how this time they went to NYC and in the chase
sequences they got shot either in LA or Toronto..WTF??Bane's character...his voice dubbed?? horrible....I am a New Yorker and I know my city, but whatever..the movies sucked.
			
TOTALLY AGREE WITH ALL THE ONE STAR VOTES In my opinion it was awful.Paid for IMAX Gallery and to be honest wanted my money back the cinema
was great the staff excellent the film....Terrible Copied this review
as it says all that I would.I seriously must have been watching a different movie after reading
some of the user reviews here. I cannot in all honesty say this is a
film worth recommending, let's be honest: Bane was such a poor bad guy
who mumbles all the way through the film and just keeps talking. The
fight scenes, terribly acted and poorly choreographed. Christian Bale
hardly seemed to be involved in the movie, "I'm here pay me". The
Story, more holes than a string bag. The love interest, really?. The
toys, yes seen them all before. The action sequences, long and boring.
The film, 1 hour too long I'm sorry, I loved the previous two movies,
but this one had nothing and gave nothing apart from Catwoman, who was
2 dimensional anyway. Let's dump poor old Bruce in an inescapable
prison, with a way to escape. This was just a sorry excuse for a movie
and I really was disappointed in the entire film. Note to see when they
say "A must see movie" you have to avoid because it will be total
rubbish.Shame.
			
This movie simply insults the intelligence. There is no a single
logical scene in the whole move. The movie breaks laws of physics
(anyone who has ever flown in an airplane knows the first scene is
impossible), human physiology (much more benign injuries would cause
permanent disability), basic combat skills and tactics (3000 policemen
are running with the guns or bare hands, tightly packet through the
narrow street), and logic. I've just named a few, but the list of
nonsense is much longer. Although it is a comics based film with no
intent to resemble the reality, loosing the touch with the reality is
unforgivable. Also, it is too long, and too often the storyline looses
its dynamics. Sadly, I have expected a real blockbuster, but this movie
is not worth watching.
			
okay don't get me wrong its not the travesty that was the dark knight
but it seems to replace actively offending me with actively trying to
bore me to death.Two hours later (it felt like a lifetime)the action
finally gets going but cant really make up for the bum numbing ,mind
shredding tedium of the rest of the film . Like most films the bad guy
is all but invincible until the end when the script dictates he must
suddenly lose to the hero.and then a new bad guy emerges for the last
20 minutes of the film and bane is rendered unimportant. Its a twist of
usual suspects like proportions but unlike that film destroys the movie
rather than blows peoples tiny minds. another wasted opportunity of a
film i hope the next director knows something about directing a
coherent film not a dark disappointing mess
			
I'll start by saying I loved "The Dark Knight" and have watched it 3
times. But this was the worst Batman movie I've seen. Worse than Batman
& Robin.This movie was 3 hours long. At an estimate, there is probably about 20
minutes of Batman in costume. Of that time, he spends about 15 minutes
being emotional, 3 minutes getting his ass kicked and 2 minutes kicking
ass. The last part was what I wanted in a Batman movie - at least some
of it.The characters are cheesy, the plot predictable and the bad guys are
just annoying. There is so much monologue from Bane (the antagonist) in
the movie that I stopped listening to him.Every time you think the movie is about to pick up and get exciting,
it's almost like the director will instantly let you back down in a
"just teasing" kind of way, and the movie goes back to being dull,
Bruce Wayne goes back to being an emotional wuss.Save your money and 3 hours of your life.
			
People complained about Batman not having enough screen time in 1992
with Batman Returns. well, here it is again. the big difference is that
whenever batman appeared in the aforementioned film, it WAS batman, and
he was cool. this is not the case with bale. i have now had to endure 2
movies that call themselves "batman" movies, but cmon. don't kid
yourself. this is not batman. frankly i am shocked at how the sheep
have latched onto Nolan's batman, particularly TDK. i don't really
understand it.....what was it that people saw in that dreck i didn't
see? as a big fan of the original batman films ala Tim Burton and the
FIRST film by Joel Schumacher, i remember going into batman begins all
starry eyed and excited to see my favorite hero on screen. needless to
say, i was let down. i did read in magazines beforehand the "realism"
approach Nolan was taking. i thought OK, it will be dark like Tim
Burton's awesome movies, yeah! but.....it was boring. it dragged. the
villains were lame. Ra's AL Gaul i mainly knew from the cartoon show
with Kevin Conroy i grew up watching. i expected Lazarus pits. didn't
get that. the bat mobile looked like a freaking tank. that just ticked
me off. I'm still not over that. then came the dark knight. i didn't
expect much, given how incredibly lame batman begins was. and i wasn't
crazy about the casting of heath ledger as joker. last person in the
world i would have cast to play him. ah well, i decided to give it a
try, plus the hype was incredible due to ledgers death. it turned out
that was the only thing anyone could even remember about the film. its
totally unmemorable, and try as i might, i could help but compare
ledger to Nicholson. needless to say, ledger doesn't even come close to
the genius of jack. the whole look of joker was totally off, looking
like a grungy hobo. LAME. while the action is ever so slightly amped
up, it never took off for me, and two-face, more like half-a-face,
short cameo at the end (yes, thats really all it was) was incredibly
insulting. sorry to say, tommy lee Jones still owns that part as he was
a major player and played the role to the hilt.now we have the 3rd movie, and boy am i glad its the last. being the
batman fan i am, i knew it would suck but i just had to see it to
compare it to the others. in retrospect, i would say batman begins is
probably the lesser of 3 evils in this series. at least it followed the
traditional batman movie feel, more or less, as well as being the only
one to have the word "batman" in the title. i simply do not like going
to a batman movie that doesn't have the word batman in the title. "the
dark knight" is just Batman's nickname, not his REAL name. its just
pure laziness. they could have easily called the 3rd one "batman
rises". simple and to the point. dark knight is just stupid sounding.
OK now onto the movie. stylistically, Nolan doesn't have a clue how to
make a batman movie. did he even watch the previous movies? whatever
happened to "does it come in black?". now the freaking tank look like
army colors! huh? the helicopter looking thing.... THATS supposed to be
an updated bat-plane? huh? looks more like the tumbler grew jets
engines and learned how to fly. nope, the Tim Burton/Schumacher bat
planes are really BATPLANES. they looked like a bat, not this hunk of
junk. the whole deal with batman disappearing for 8 years is....not.
batman. batman would not just abandon his city for that long. batman is
always out there protecting people in Gotham. he wouldn't let some cops
or some dogs stop him. totally out of character. bane looks like a
mortal combat reject and catwoman..is it even fair to call her that?
what did they do to one of my favorite characters *teardrop* *sniff*
they didn't even use the name catwoman! so, she could be "leather clad
biker chick" for all we know. for any people or kids who Haven't seen
the other films and this is there introduction to the character. i feel
bad for them cuz they wont know who it is. the costume is awful, yes
even worse and uncatwoman-like then the Halley berry skank version.
Michelle pfieffer still owns this part. tragic, dark, sexy and
pshycotic on top of being an insanely beautiful woman in the classic
grace Kelly mold. Anne Hathaway is a strange looking look duck, and her
performance was ultra weak in comparison. even when not comparing to
pfieffer, the gold standard of Catwomans, she is still weak. the scene
where she dances with bale, when compared with the Keaton/pfieffer
scene, shows how superior Tim Burton's films are in just about every
way, story wise and artistically. but you cant blame her entirely when
you look at the garbage she has to work with. if you watch what
pfieffer did with the role, which was pretty damn intense (wrecking
apartments in rage, blowing up buildings, killing a guy with a
electroshock kiss, getting shot point blank range) there isn't much
else you can do with this part. Michelle did it ALL. now bane. despite
the mortal combat silly look, i thought he would be more cooler then
the B&R bane at the very least. *sigh* once again, lame. the way he
breaks Batman's back is stupid, ooh a comics reference! these movies
are for the nerds i swear. and cat woman??? kills him? the constant
flashbacks, the cheesy dialog, the lack of action *yet again*, killing
off Bruce Wayne and showing batman hanging up his cape and cowl for
good, is Nolan's last big flip of the bird to the real batman fans who
expected more from a modern batman film.
			
*this review may contain little spoilers, nothing important though*
Others have wrote lengthier negative reviews and I agree with many of
them. I'll make it as short as I can: 1. None of the characters have charisma. Bane wasn't threatening at
all, and besides I couldn't understand what he was saying half the
time. Catwoman was bland, not interesting at all. No chemistry between
her and Bruce Wayne. The wannabe Robin was bland as well. Wayne/Batman
was doing the bare minimum half the time.2. No drama, no tension. Big things happen on the screen but I didn't
care. The way some scenes were shot it was as if the camera was just
passing by, a sort of 'nothing to see here, move along' approach to
filmmaking. The action scenes were dull.3. Cheap plot devices and inconsistencies, i.e. The Blank Slate program
that erases all traces of anyone in all databases in the world, yeah
right. *All* of Gotham's police force trapped underneath by one
explosion, yeah right. An almost naked Wayne on foot in the middle of
some mountains in Assghanistan comes back to the city *very quickly*
just in time, as if he could fly like Superman or something. At the end I was scratching my head wondering how can so many people
say they enjoy something as bland and boring as this. Batman Begins is
good, the next one is average but this one is just a shallow cash cow
wrapped in hype and marketing. This movie is just a big pile of
nothing. Not even worth a rental.
			
This batman started slow because Batman was hurt. OK, that happens some
times. What I think makes this one not a film to go see, is that half
way through the film the director seemed to think that we came to see
Bane and no longer cared about Batman. Then after an hour (that seemed
like forever), we were finally allowed to see Batman again. And we were
finally given a few predictable twists.Save your coin and see something else. Rent this one. The explosions
are neat, as well as some other parts. But I don't go to the theater to
watch the world fall apart by a villain (especially a stupid one). I go
to see the hero.
			
Well firstly let me say that movies like these deserve to be long (but
not boring) as is the case here unfortunately. i noticed a shift, in
that its not really the bad guys who suffer in these films anymore its
the good guys now, the good guys never get to show their full
potential, for some unknown reason they are always hampered down. i
don't know what was going thru these movie makers head at the time that
cause them to think they are on the rite track. this third installment
of the dark knight is a complete flop as far as i can tell. batman is
kick-ass and persistent and smart so i don't know what went wrong here
but this must be the wrong dark knight.
			
This is not really a movie. It is a celebration of cruelty, violence
and antisocial behavior. The story makes no sense. It's really quite
astounding. It contains, and consider this, in one movie...rape, police
corruption, murder, torture, infanticide. hostage taking, killing of
hostages, extortion, sex, betrayal, avarice, cheating, stealing, lying,
cowardice, anarchy. It advocates violence, suicide, genocide and mass
murder. It even worked in the Middle Eastern hatreds by implying that
the evil characters were Muslim.And before you say, "but it's an action film,"...I love action movies.
This isn't an action movie. It's garbage.
			
This takes place eight years after the events of the previous film.
Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) has become a recluse never going out and
holing up inside Wayne Manor. Batman also has not been seen being
accused of killing a person. Then Bane (Tom Hardy) invades Gotham (for
no reason) to take it over (again, for no reason). Also Selina Kyle
(Anne Hathaway) is a master thief on the loose. Can Batman come out of
"retirement" and battle them? Long (almost three hours), loud (VERY loud) and terrible movie. I'm no
fan of the other two but they weren't THIS bad! The plot takes forever
to get going and Batman himself is hardly in it! He doesn't even show
up until 45 minutes in. The plot is more than a little vague. Why
exactly is Bane attacking Gotham? The movie never tells us. Also a
character escapes from a jail in some Arabian country and pops up in
Gotham AFTER it's been cut off from the rest of the world. How? What
exactly does Selina Kyle have to do with any of this? Her character
comes and goes quickly. There are more plot holes but those are the
biggest. Also there's a twist at the end that comes out of nowhere and
does nothing but complicate the plot. That aside the movie is sadistic
(people are killed off left and right AND their bodies are hung from
bridges), slow (I was constantly checking my watch), LOUD (the music is
far too loud and pounds you into submission) and grim. There's a
constant feeling of depression in the movie that got to me. Oh yes and
there's room for a sequel!!!!! On the good side the acting is all good. Bale was great and Hathaway is
terrific (but we see far too little of her). Hardy is obviously having
a whale of a time in his role and doesn't even attempt to cover his
British accent. Gary Oldman (as Commissioner Gordon), Morgan Freeman
(as Lucius Fox), Michael Caine (as Alfred) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt are
great too. The special effects are incredible but the consistently grim
tone take any wonder out of them. This is a vicious cruel and dull
movie that just pounds the audience mercilessly and offers no thrills
or entertainment. A 1 all the way.
			
See it in the movies please, U must suffer as i did. 2.44 hours of just
S**T. After 30 min I could predict the ending. After 1 hour I could
predict exactly how the end would be. I was right. I have seen all
movies/series and cartoons with batman as I am a HUGE fan. I must say
the Batman/George Clooney movie beats this one hands down. Thats tell
you all how low I think this new batman movie is. Only a few threads of
the original story was kept in the movie. They could have made a decent
movie if it was only 45 min long. I can only hope that in the future we
will NOT see another Batman movie by Nolan. Im sorry to say that what
was a great Rebirth of Batman has now been...I cant find the words to
explain my disappointment... :(
			
This movie was absolutely dreadful! First, it is much longer than it
needs to be. There are many scenes that could have been shortened or
cut out completely which would have had no effect on understanding the
end or hurt character development whatsoever. The story is one of the
weakest I have seen especially given how well the previous story line
was in the last installment. There is very little action and what
little there is just isn't worthy of the franchise or the amount of
money spent making this film. I found myself constantly saying "Get to
it already" and found Bain to be an almost silly villain. The
cartoonish quality of the mask he wears is distracting and the cultured
voice was ridiculous sounding. In all honesty he came off as a very
obvious recreation of Lord Humungus from the second Mad Max movie (A
much better movie than this mess and that's saying something). If you
put a mask on someone covering only their mouth and nose and then watch
them talk you should still be able to see movement of the face but not
with bain. I was starting to wonder if perhaps he had pre-recorded the
things he was saying as it didn't appear he said a single word
throughout the entire movie. I realize this may be a minor issue but it
really does distract the viewer. I wasn't able to invest in a single
character and there were some pretty major holes in the story that
really took away from the overall experience. I went into this movie
with high hopes and lots of excitement especially after the
performances in the last movie. Save your money and wait till this
comes out on DVD so you can fast forward through the endless nonsense
to the rare action scenes or at least turn it off after 30 minutes and
only be out the couple of bucks you spent to rent it. What a
disappointment.
			
Movie was slow in parts, acting was decent.Expected more.Went with a group of 6 friends and no one really liked the movie so
this was just not my opinion. Previous Batman movie was far better.Only 1 point rating to bring all the other overrated reviews back in
perspective ! Have seen better and movie does not deserve the fantastic ranking it
has compared to other movies which are ranked lower !Doesn't hurt to watch the movie but you don't miss out out on anything
either if you don't.
			
Even though I am a huge fan of the Dark Knight and all the other Batman
movies, I did not like this movie. Personally, I think this might be
the first time that Christopher Nolan failed badly during his career.Watching this movie felt like watching a never-ending trailer. Every
scene is so pumped up by the bombastic music that Nolan is known for,
it was disturbing.There is a moment during the film when the music stops (for the first
time). This is when you realize that the lack of depth in the story is
being compensated for by this annoying music. This story has more holes than a rabbit that got shot by a
double-barrel. I'm talking short distance here.It is not justified at all that this movie is currently placed #10 in
the IMDb Top 250. I know that it will fall in the rankings, but it will
probably remain in the Top 50. This thought haunts me in real life.TO ALL THOSE FOLKS WHO RATED THIS MOVIE A 10: You are the type of
person who stops for a red light, even though there is no traffic
around for as far as the eye can see. You are the type of person who
likes to go to the fare a lot. You watch TV a lot. You love junk food.
You follow more people than that people follow you, on Twitter and in
real life. You either have a 9-5 job or will get a 9-5 job in the near
future. You will get an average wife at best and 2-3 kids, two cars and
a garage with lots of crap in it. You scare me.I heard people say that this movie had so many new stunts and scenes to
offer. I'd like to believe the opposite is true. Everything has been
done before. If not in other Batman movies, then in other high-budget
over-the-top kind of movies.Also, I came to see Batman, not to watch Catwoman steal some jewels,
how badass. The "No, I'm not going to fight, I am a broken man." part
lasted way to long. Mr. Bale, you're not fooling anybody, you are going
to fight and we all know it, we've seen the trailer It sucks that this
part of the story lasts so infinitely long.Beware Batman fans. Beware for the ultimate anti-qlimax.
			
This is by far the most boring and ponderous Batman movie I've ever
seen. Be warned that you better refresh yourself on the story thread from the
previous two Batman films in the series, or else you will be left
largely clueless as the plot plods along. The story line is dull, dragged out and very, very implausible, for all
the film's pretenses of being a "reality" Batman series. The action
scenes with Batman are anemic for the little bit of screen time you see
him in costume. If you're a Batman fan, be prepared to spend half the tedious 2.5-hour
film watching Bruce Wayne languish in a desert prison until he regains
his mojo. This follows a lame opening where Christian Bale is so
craggy-looking and injured, he looks like the only thing he can do for
the day is find his Viagra pills. But the worst element of the film is the villain "Bane." He's a cross
between Hannibal Lecter and Darth Vader. Or rather a lovechild between
a pit bull and professional wrestler, because of a silly dog-like
muzzle he wears through the film. Heath Ledger's Joker character was
spine tingling and very scary. Bane is a bore. Even his long-awaited
demise at the film's end is anticlimactic.He gets tiring quickly because you never see any facial expression, and
his words and muffled. The gimmick only works for Darth Vader because
of James Earl Jone's voice talent. Frankly, you get more expression out
of a ventriloquist's wooden dummy than Bane. The Bane-bouncer beats Batman to a pulp and unmasks Batman halfway
though film in a fistfight  which is a first in itself for the series.
What's amusing is that the viewer only realizes near the end of the
film that all Batman had to do is rip off Bane's mask to incapacitate
him. Oh duh. Anne Hathaway's performance as a very dark Cat Woman is excellent and
holds up against all the sultry actresses before her who have donned
the mask, ears, and skin-tight costume.My taste is to have the Batman series stylized on screen as a graphic
novel. Tim Burton cleverly accomplished this in the earlier films. The gritty reality of placing the setting in the New York City is a
lazy and inappropriate substitute for the comic book Gotham City. More
than a decade after 9/11 it is still uncomfortable seeing NYC buildings
in flames and screaming people running down the street, and even
bridges blowing up.I found the final three minutes the only redeeming piece of the
164-minute film. It leaves the door open for more sequels, hopefully
with a different director.
			
This Batman film is the worst out of this Trilogy.It takes over an hour for the movie to get going, when it finally does
it is still boring.The enemy is not even scary and very cheesy. The worst part of the
movie is that is all so unbelievable, the director makes you think you
have the brain of a three year old. I like very clever directing where
you are made to think and put things together like with Quentin
Tarentino. The directing here was very basic and for kids, it was so
cheesy and so many clichs. Basically it has all been done before in
the other batman films and done a lot better too. The last one is in
the series is mean to be the best but this was the worst - the batman
series has been totally exhausted , there was nothing original or
exciting in the whole film. The whole film is cheesy, i went with my friends who love the other
batman films and not one of them like this.Forget the 10 star reviews this film is Boring and cheesyThe only redeeming feature is cat woman is sexy but overall the film is
so slow and drawn out.
			
Am I the only person who hated this movie? Am I the only one that
noticed the horrible script, the tired clichs, the bad acting,
ridiculous plot (even for a comic book film), the extras laughing in
the middle of massive battle scenes??????? I noticed that the IMDb
rating is a 9.2 cumulative. Are you people smoking crack???? Nothing
happens for the first 2 hours!!!! Sooooo boring! If the script was good
or if the movie had great ideas, I wouldn't mind at all. I am no slave
to action. I loved Inception and Memento. It's the little things that
killed this movie. Michael Caine uses a cockney accent that is a
complete departure from his accent in the first 2 films. It was
painfully apparent that Hathaway/Catwoman is only in the film to get
women in the theaters. Bane cries at the end??? Are you kidding me? I
could go on and on. Bane's voice is way too loud even though Tom Hardy
does a great job. Gordon-Levitt has nothing to work with script wise.
Bale looks tired and bored. Just like me after I had to endure this
gruelingly boring 3 hour piece of crap.
			
Let me start of by saying that this is the first review I have ever
written. Usually I am not one to sprout my opinion on the internet.
However, on this occasion I feel compelled to warn as many movie go-ers
as I possibly can! I loved the first two Christopher Nolan Batman
movies, however words fail to describe the clich filled popcorn piece
of crap that is number three.I have absolutely no idea why this movie gets so many tens on a movie
site like IMDb. I would have given this movie a 6, for the okay action
scenes and the good (as always) performance by Joseph Gordon Levitt.
However the overall score should be A LOT lower, so therefore my 1.So, what is actually wrong with the movie? There are about 426563 plot
holes in the movie and the story line makes absolutely no sense
whatsoever. I won't go into detail as not to give away any spoilers. I
am sure that reading this review will not stop you from seeing this
movie. Since it's a so-called must see movie. But I implore you, go see
this movie expectation to see a piece of popcorn crap, and you might be
amused a bit. As for me, I would have like it better if the part after
the break would have been a 5 minute Batman burial. Instead of another
hour and a half rape.Enjoy!
			
From the beginning, I have appreciated "the crime epic" or "the crime
saga" approach of the director towards Batman, despite I don't stick
with realism in cinema, however in this movie, Nolan goes too far and
we watch a movie which has almost zero effect on the audience as a
Batman movie! What Roland Emmerich did in 2012 is what Nolan did in
this movie! I don't pay to watch a crime film without Batman! In TDKR,
Batman is like a metaphor, yes believe me, in the first half (80
minutes approx.) we watch Batman in only one or two scenes and the part
(the chase) was may be the best part of the movie! As some other
moviegoers said, it is all about story telling with no break, but no
break! You can't feel the film, because it is like you have no time to
do that! How can I say, the movie is exhausting, you feel exhausted,
yes that's the word! And if you suppose that in the second half, Batman
rises immediately, my answer would be not exactly! As said, TDKR is
about Bruce Wayne, other characters, themes, but not Batman! Therefore
I felt cheated. And I always think that Mr. Nolan is not a good action
director. In the first half, Batman has an interesting gadget, I have
no idea what was the function of it, but he doesn't use it! So? Yes,
the movie has plenty good action, it has its moments, but I can't say
it is great! Nolan shoots chase scenes, in all of his Batman movies,
there is chase sequence, but is this enough? There are some other type
of action in TDKR, but don't expect an action-packed! (I'd expected)
There is no character development for new characters except for Bane.
As for Catwoman, Catwoman is not even spelled in the movie! Was she
really Catwoman? What was her motivation? She was not a dominant
character as it should be! Even the introduction of the character was
poor! And she could have been sexy! We can't see even her body! A
different interpretation? well, the problem here is Nolan doesn't care
about the characters, it was the same in Batman Begins (Scarecrow) it
was the same in The Dark Knight (Batman himself) He just puts a
character forward, Catwoman, a burglar, OK next! Miranda Tate, a
business woman, OK next! Something like that. John Blake is a well
written character, a cop, at least he has a motivation! However, for
example Miranda Tate is out of place! It feels like Nolan likes
Cotillard and wants to work with her, they know each other from
Inception etc. Mrs. Cotillard is a very beautiful and talented actress,
but in this movie, she is just out of place. Bane is the scene stealer,
the performance of Tom Hardy is great, his voice is brilliant, he is
evil, he is bad-ass, but he disappoints because of two reasons: first,
as you know too, in Nolan's story, Bane doesn't use steroids or he
isn't exposed to poison known as venom, so he doesn't grow bigger.
Second, the twist at the end ruins this character very badly and there
is a scene which you feel like he is a henchman! And wasn't Bane big
like in the comics in the teaser trailer? Was I cheated again? The
final parts which are called climactic by a lot of people were not that
climactic and there is nothing different or original! I expected to be
amazed, surprised etc. but it didn't happen. This is a cold movie! The
movie has not any impact on you, you can't feel the film, almost zero
emotion throughout the film (like Inception) but except two part! The
fight between Batman and Bane and the chase in the first half! If the
whole film had been like that, I would have given 100 out of 10! The
cinematography and the art direction are not dominant like The Dark
Knight, the editing is like non-stop events with no break (now joke
time! the only break was the regular 10 minutes break in the middle of
the movie!) Also the film was too noisy at times. I didn't find the
movie overlong, but what I get bored was watching a Batman movie
without Batman! I found Batman Joker showdown in The Dark Knight anti
climactic, low key and short, but this time it was much worse! That's
why movies like Terminator 2 are masterpieces, am I wrong? You can't
imagine how it ends! I almost found it ridiculous! TDKR is not a "rich"
film especially in the content, so it is like "poor man's Batman movie"
Personally my another problem with TDKR was it has zero "comic book
feel" At least, TDK had it at times! After some statements of Nolan,
the fate of John Blake made me laugh! Miranda Tate's climactic plan was
boring and how can I say? it had no excitement or tense, because it was
simple and clich? Especially for such an "epic" movie! Doesn't this
epic final deserve originality? By the way, Nolan doesn't even know how
to shoot a snowy scene or he just doesn't care about it! Another
problem, the mystery and suspense in the trailers were missing. And
realism doesn't mean that the movie is deep or in comparison with other
super hero movies, it is deeper, No, No! That's because Nolan is not
interested in characters, instead he is "event driven" And couldn't the
war between Batman and the other bad guys (the chaos) be handled
better? The only good thing about this movie for me was Nolan avoids
"crowd-pleaser humor" in this movie! The Dark Knight Rises may be a
well made film, but as a "Batman" movie, it is quite empty.
			
Spoilers ahead.They could have cut out an hour and it would have been just as good as
it is at 3 hours.Robin or Nightwing or John Blake, gets promoted to detective. He walks
up to some suspicious criminals, one tries to attack from behind, he
floors him with some quick action but another jumps on his back. He
ricochets a bullet off a truck into this guy and kills him. Oops. Broke
the Batman code already. Then instead of jumping on the guy he floored,
he jumps on the guy he just freaking killed and tries to question him!
Real smart Batman replacement.Catwoman has no purpose in this movie at all other than to advance the
plot. They didn't even have the decency to turn her into an object of
teenage fantasies.She's on the fence, good and bad, but mostly bad
cause 1. She steals Bruce Wayne's family heirlooms, then his
fingerprints, then his car, traps him in a cage with Bane like some
prison rape scene. Later Batman is like, I'm sure there's still some
good in you. They even wind up kissing! Typical bad relationships.
There's never any explanation for Catwoman's behavior on either side.Bane sounds like some old scrawny guy got trapped in a Darth Vader suit
and is having a panic attack. Most of what he says makes no sense to
me. It's like he's a record played backwards on helium sometimes spun
too fast or too slow, I don't know. He isn't believable as Bane that's
all I can say really. You could cut out everything Bane says and still
understand what's going on in the movie. Just insert your own words,
that's what I did in my mind since I couldn't understand what he was
saying.Everybody gets way too much screen time except those in costume. Batman
and Catwoman are barely on screen, and barely do anything important. It
doesn't feel like a comic book movie, although the story is built like
one.The battles between Batman and Bane are a joke. The first one is not
nearly as dramatic as it should have been. The comic is more theatrical
than the theatrical event. Batman doesn't do Batman stuff, he throws
some cheap bottle rockets at Bane, not even a 5 year old would be
impressed with. Why not something more blinding? Like a freaking
flash-bang, or why not just shoot the guy? He's got nothing on for
protection at all. An entire utility belt to use, and he uses the
weakest stuff he can yank out. He doesn't zip line around, he's not
even aerial, it's just a straight up boxing match. What kind of Batman
fight scene is this supposed to be??? The weakest of all! Gordon defies all odds by lobbying and directing a broken down police
force to get this bomb delayed, just getting out of the hospital after
months, he winds up jumping on a semi type vehicle and gets tossed
around, just to have Batman fly the bomb out of the city just in the
nick of time. I would have been a little upset if I was Gordon, why
didn't he just do that anyways?? Besides, what if they DID make it with
the bomb and disarmed it? Then Batman wouldn't have been able to make
his exit... so really Batman made all of this happen just so he could
stage his death. That's pretty bad...Tom Hardy is terrible at being Bane, you can never tell if his voice is
attached to the body. There's no movement or reactions, just some
lifeless glare with no personality. Since his back-story is part of the
plot twist at the end, we just don't care about anybody.We could care less about Catwoman cause we don't know why she does
anything, We could care less about Miranda cause she just shows up, we
don't know why Bruce Wayne doesn't want to be Batman from the start, he
doesn't even want to be Bruce Wayne.Batman barely does anything, Catwoman shoots Bane dead for him, and
Talia dies in a car wreck. Aside from a short sequence at the beginning
and two very bad fights with Bane, all he does is get stabbed and
stages his own death.The movie is a jumbled mess. There's really no reason to watch it, it's
better to let it end at The Dark Knight. This movie is awful. Aside
from being excellent visually... there's nothing memorable about this
movie.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is a complete mess. It's convoluted, silly,
inconsistent and worst of all DULL.First I should give a frame of reference for giving it one star. If you
compare this to Batman & Robin, then it's not a single star film. It's
better than that at least. But I'd rate Batman Begins as an 8/10 and
The Dark Knight as 9 or even 10/10. And compared on those grounds this
is a total stinker and worthy of just 1/10.The main problem here is just unchecked excess. Nolan has being given
(and arguably earned) complete free reign to do what he likes with this
franchise. So it's at his door that the blame must fall for this
overblown mess.Summer blockbusters falling victim to excess is nothing new. Michael
Bay has built his career on it. But whereas his films are an overdose
of action over story, here Nolan gets drunk on plot. There are so many
plot strands running here and they all end up half-baked and largely
redundant. And in his desperate struggle to weave them into something
coherent, Nolan is forced to completely abandon character motivation
and common sense and literally just shifts characters from one place to
another with no cause-and-effect whatsoever.There are so many plot holes here it's simply not worth listing them. A
few plot holes can be forgiven in films that set the story in a
fantastical universe, but Batman Begins and The Dark Knight were
refreshingly serious portrayals of the superhero films and grounded
them in a reality close to our own. The Dark Knight rises destroys that
reality completely.The characters are mostly bland too. Bane's voice simply doesn't work
and he doesn't dominate physically as much as he should either.
Catwoman is shuffled in and out whenever it's convenient and as a
result we neither like nor dislike her. She's just there. Alfred is now
a crying old softie. Gordon switches from terminally ill to Dwayne
Johnson. And there's about a thousand other minor characters who are
all cardboard cutouts.And finally the dialogue is awful. Remember when Harvey Dent says to
Bruce Wayne in TDK "you either die as a hero or you live long enough to
see yourself become the villain" That was a nice line. But if EVERY
character talks like that for the whole film it loses all meaning and
suddenly you see the writer's hand everywhere. In TDKR people just
start spouting pseudo-philosophical metaphors at each other about what
the city needs. The city needs an airport, that's what it needs. And
the franchise needs a long rest before the inevitable reboot.
			
Batman does not have enough powers or capabilities he wins all of his
battles by default. Joker isn't really a good character because he has
no weapons or battle strategies. I wished that Joker had a weapon, and
had better plans and was actually a match for Batman and even Superman.
I prefer to have my superheroes with actual powers and abilities
because it makes the show much more fun that way. Batman needs powers,
even just a Enhanced reflexes, like Henry Heart who plays Captain Man's
Side kick Kid danger in Henry Danger a nickelodeon show.
			
I love batman. Hated this movie. I love the director. Still, hated this
movie. The whole movie is terribly put together - script and filming.
It felt like at points they would talk about absolutely nothing at all,
which forced my to pry my eyes open as they slowly closed. Never in my
life have I ever seen such sh*t! The whole movie could have been an
hour shorter if they had just taken out the huge piles of bullsh*t
conversation and spent more time hiring decent actors that don't sound
like they've been paralysed.Why does bane sound so f*cking stupid? Why does batman's top lip defy
gravity every time he speaks? Why is this movie such a huge waste of
time?Don't torture yourself, watch something that Christopher Nolan hasn't
directed. He's got more money than good ideas.
			
This was the most tolerable out of The Dark Knight films but it is
still a terrible movie. Christian Bale has not gotten better nor has he
gotten worse he just can't be Batman. Bane was a huge disappointment
because he was just some buff guy with a ugly breather mask thing. He
had a goofy voice that you can't help but laugh at. This was also
boring. I have labeled this The Dull Knight Trilogy. Catwoman was very
bad. Her suit sucked along with the energy lacking performance. This
film is filled with plot holes. All three movies had tons of plot
holes. I have never been so frustrated watching a movie. People
actually like this? Why? This film is also considered the weakest in
the series but I say the all suck. The realism is the real villain in
this movie. Realism and Batman don't go together. This is a terrible
movie.
			
This is the first movie review I have ever written.But this film was so bad I feel a duty to warn people.I'm honestly angry at my friends who recommended this. What dicks.I could go on about everything that was bad about this film but it
would take me hours. Just read a few of the other bad reviews to get a
summary.How people are capable of liking this is completely beyond me.Avoid at all costs.Also, why does everyone who gives a good review on IMDb state at the
start of the review that they saw it at a special screening. Is it
supposed to be impressive.Another thing, why does my review have to be 10 lines long? No wonder
every review I read on here is way too long.
			
Unfortunately just like the Star Wars franchise (talking 1,2, and 3
here) these movies make money and therefore Hollywood keeps making
them. It's like the news. Good news doesn't sell but a tragedy or a
sensational story will make headlines. Nolan and his producers have
created a ridiculous piece of cinematography with Dark Knight Rises.
I'm sure the paycheck makes it easier to live with this kind of sappy,
clichd, inane nonsense. Still, I would think that taking a little
pride in your work might offer some hope that this movie would be
watchable. That turns out not to be the case. Ultimately, I feel bad
for Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman, Marion Cotillard (even
if she isn't a fan of the USA), Christian Bale, and Joseph Gordon-
Levitt. These actors have done some very good work but having your name
associated with this movie must surely be embarrassing, especially for
the Oscar winners. I can enjoy a mindless movie with great special
effects like the next person but not when you add these ridiculous plot
lines and twists. Shouldn't this stuff be halfway plausible? I mean
Chris (may I call you Chris?) you have Michael Caine and Bale and
Hathaway somehow randomly meet up at the caf in the end. Really? It
seems like everyone was drinking the Kool-Aid on this shoot. Trust me
this movie is not worth the 2 hours and 45 minutes. In fact, I feel
cheated and think Nolan should compensate me for the truly wasted time
I spent slogging through this garbage. I kept hoping that things would
improve but as I said before these franchises pull you in and you keep
hoping they'll turn the movie around. I kept hoping that something
resembling Batman Begins or Dark Knight would appear, but no. I mean
it. This movie is not good, not good at all.
			
A movie in which an army of cops cheer happily while they charge into
the "mob" (that's ordinary people like you and me, in case you didn't
get it), protected (the cops, not the people) by Batman's veeeery
expensive gadgets. To me that says it all.But just because the review has to be 10 lines long, I might add that
in the DVD version, when the camera shows the "mob", the subtitles read
"mercenaries shouting".I know this is just a silly fantasy. But even the wildest fantasy has a
social context. And the makers of this thing want us to believe that
the misery of ordinary people caused by the corruption and greed of our
richest billionaires can be only fought by an even richer zillionaire,
only honest. And common people are mobsters who deserve to be beaten up
by Gotham's best (exzcept in real life they carry guns, and use them).
I'll believe it when pigs (not bats) fly.
			
I must be the only person on this site who doesn't like this
film....it's over long (I've been watching it for almost 2 hours now,
and still got about 50 minutes to go) - it's too dark, it's over-hyped
and it's dull, dull, dull! Every scene's too long....every revelatory
moment is dragged out....every actor is, well, over acting. I'll stick
with it to the end but only because there's bound to be a fight scene
that'll take up at least half of the remaining time....but I can
guarantee, this is one film I'll never watch again. So disappointed -
just as I was with the last Batman film. Heath Ledger? posthumous
Oscar? Bah! So over-the-top he might as well have filmed his scenes in
a plane flying over K2....I would have put Everest, but doubtless
someone will top it someday. How many millions did this film cost to
make? Think how many starving children could have been saved...
			
Thought that there was something wrong with me when, after watching the
movie, browsed IMDb and found positive reviews; then, after reading
more reviews, I knew I was OK as I read the negative reviews. My
impression is that there's something wrong with the new generation of
actors and directors; the movie industry in the US is declining. The
movie lacks passion and is full of robot actors, anywhere from the main
actors to the extras. Thought that there was something wrong with me
when, after watching the movie, browsed IMDb and found positive
reviews; then, after reading more reviews, I knew I was OK as I read
the negative reviews. My impression is that there's something wrong
with the new generation of actors and directors; the movie industry in
the US is declining. The movie lacks passion and is full of robot
actors, anywhere from the main actors to the extras.
			
I am stunned this movie made money. Call me old, call me a grump, but
this film was an abomination compared to the second one with the late
great Heath Ledger as The Joker.The first 45 minutes or so are utterly incoherent. I had no clue who
was who or what was what.The villain, Bane, is useless wearing a "mask" and using almost the
identical voice as Batman. When they are speaking together in the same
scene, I hardly knew which character was speaking.The one pleasant surprise was Anne Hathaway who did a fine job. Didn't
think she had it in her! Perhaps the super hero genre leaves me in the
dust. This wasted my time.
			
This movie is an absolute travesty and needs to be remedied ASAP.
Cheesy scenes, plot-holes all over the place, horrible dialogue, voices
that are like impossible to hear.....At least Superman is getting a new and possibly better movie. Same
thing needs to happen with Batman to get the bad taste out of our
mouths.What a disappointment! This is the worst Batman movie I have ever seen!
I read some of the other reviews and one particularly expressed exactly
what I was thinking. "You need closed captions most of the time for
Bane's character. And his voice is so laughable, you can't be
intimidated by him. He sounds like a bad impression of Sean Connery".
All I could think of while watching the movie and hearing Bane was...
"That'sh naughty" I almost fell of my seat laughing. One caveat: Morgan
Freeman, whose whiny anti-capitalist, pro-commie rants are legendary,
is laughably mis-cast; the portions of the movie in which he appears
necessitate a distracting, concerted effort to suspend disbelief.
			
(spoilers) The only redeeming quality of this movie was the character
Bane, who had some interesting dialog, though hard to hear at times,
and some well done fight scenes. But everything about Bane is
undermined by the introduction of a last minute arch villain turning
Bane into a glorified lackey. The last movies in the series tried to
hold on to reality giving them extra tension. This movie abandons
reality at every turn. Broken back, no problem just just punch it a few
times and do some push ups; No money, who needs it just hitch a ride
from another country and get back to the other side of the world with
no funds, no identification, and no hope get there on faith. One of the
biggest problems to the movie is the character Miranda Tait(aka Tila Al
Gual) The film purposefully goes out of the way to give her importance
and through in a contrived romance just for the sake of having her
"twist" betrayal at the end any amount of significance. Was anyone
actual shocked that she stabbed him in the back, they where setting it
up the whole movie. I could go on but it might get a little mean. Next
piece of contrived garbage was the character Blake( aka Robin). the
hole "I just looked in your eyes and I knew" crap was the weakest piece
of nonsense I ever heard. What is more frustrating is that Nolan had a
perfect set up from Batman Begins. Blake could have been the kid Batman
saved with Rachel at the end of the first movie. Wouldn't it be better
if Blake had said,"oh I was on the Roof when that one chick called you
Bruce and I put two and two together" verse the crappy "I just knew
line" absolutely weak film making. Not to mention the dialog was weaker
the characters completely undermine who they were in previous films.
Alfred had always been supportive, albeit sarcastic, about helping
Bruce, but know he is a blubbering baby crying about Batman stopping
and abandoning him to his fate and then cries again when he thinks his
dead. Maybe if you stuck around to help him he would have had a better
chance. Stupid writing. The lazy where going to blow up the city clich
is used instead of the themes like fear, of Batman Begins, and Chaos,
of Dark Knight. No the themes are abandoned for a bomb in the city. I
can not believe this movie is rated as high as it is. I have only
scratch the surface of flaws in this movie without not even mentioning
the titanic sinking plot holes.
			
Where to start? You don't expect a high budget super hero movie to be
an ode to martial arts, physics and clever writing. At the same time
though, you expect better than what you would see in a more
light-hearted movie written for a different demographic like Charlie's
Angels. Aviation physics and firearms effects go completely out the window very
early on in this movie, but only a minority of the audience will likely
notice that.More glaring are the fight scenes. While movies like The Avengers
convince us of a female character's ability to defeat someone bigger
and heavier than herself through elaborate martial arts choreography,
The Dark Night Rises simply endows Selina/The Catwoman (Anne Hathaway)
with the same ability to defy body mechanics and physical combat basics
that Cameron Diaz exhibited in Charlie's Angels. And the reckless,
clumsy, kamikaze style slugfest between the male characters is no
better. -It simply makes you want to groan.Worst of all is the writing. If you enjoyed the yawning plot holes and
brutal rape of the original premise, story line and characters in the
2009 Star Trek and the 1996 Mission Impossible than you can disregard
this review. However if those things bother you in a movie, then
consider yourself warned in advance about this stinker.
			
Batman Rises? A better title would have been "Batman The Dark Knight's
Bile Rises. Because this movie SUCKED RIPE PUKE!!! I've smelled a mix
of orange and pink carnival vomit and pony sh*t that was less
nauseating than this Nolan Turd! First of all, why does Bane sound like
a bad SNL Sean Connery skit? "I'll take Bruce Wayne's mother's pearl
necklace for $200 Alex". Second, WTF are Joseph Gordon Levitt and Anne
Hathaway doing here? Levitt's pseudo "New Yorkish" Accent sounds like
Joey from "Yugioh", fake, cartoonish and annoying. And Anne Hathaway
couldn't pull off action in a porno! She's more of a Pharmaceutical
Sales Rep Woman than a Cat Woman. Thirdly, I don't know if all of
Bale's passion went into yelling at that PA on the last Batman's set or
what, but he just ain't there folks. He's less Batman and more like a
harelipped Oxycontin Zombie. Lastly the plot is horrible Hollywood
Ghostwriter Crap (The script equivalent to loud elevator music in a
tiny elevator). The best line in the whole damn movie which also sums
it up well is when Commissioner Gordon say's "We're going down that man
hole!".
			
This movie was so crazy, i left the cinema entirely drunken,
inebriated, intoxicated, smashed , happy, sad and wet. This is
incredible, actually i can barely breath. Thank you Chris. I loved this
epic moment when Bruce gives a powerful low kick against the wall. Hell
Yeah!! Best character : Alfred. Marion Cotillard forever alone "level
unlimited" reached when she died. Some new batman skills : Throw
multiple fireworks (very efficient), Turn off the light, Teleportation,
Install autopilot devices in 0.25 seconds. This movie is a concoction
of batman begins, American dad and hot-wheels. The only thing which was
rising is now in my toilets. Waiting for Robin Begins...
			
The other batman movies were good. The first one was great. The second
was too good,mind-blowing,awesome have no words to express. This one is
ridiculous,awful,again have no words to express. Have I seen the same
film what everyone has seen I am just shocked to see the reviews of all
the people who have given 10' rating!!! The thing I hated the most is
that Batman is missing from this film.Bane was horrible Villain.
Cat-women she becomes bad and finally she becomes a good women. I
didn't feel I was watching an American film. I was disappointed with
The Amazing Spider man few days before now with The Dark Knight Rises.
Hope the upcoming movies don't disappoint me I have nothing else to say :( I am just disappointed being a hardcore
fan of Christian Bale.
			
I have not been this disappointed in a movie in a very long time! It
was so boring I almost fell asleep. I HATED Bane as the villain - I
could barely understand what he was saying! There should have been
subtitles. No one can compare to the Joker, I realize that, but this
was awful!! Then to top it off Anne Hathaway - REALLY? Although I have
to admit, she did add some comic relief that was desperately needed.
The whole movie was disjointed and way too long to be enjoyable. The
so-called twist was so deliberate it was laughable and ridiculous! I
could not wait for it to end - what a waste of 3 hours!! If you're
expecting a movie as good as the second installment, you will be
greatly disappointed. I say wait for DVD, then you can snooze and
rewind and click on the subtitles!
			
Some spoilers are added! Be for warn.I hated this film as a Batman movie while liking some parts, and being
okay with it as a Nolan film. This is a terrible excuse for a comic
book film because it has no feel of it. It feels like the main
characters added were destroyed and bastardized by assholes who think
they knew what they were doing. The movie felt like a war-crime film
with no regards for imagination and better improvement.Bane - The worst interpretation ever. While looking Caucasian, the
villain from comics is Latino (the cartoons changed his appearances
too). The director, being the racist/sexist he has been in front of
your blank faces, had the nerve of ignoring Bane's real character and
changing him into a eastern bound terrorist villain only. That is
wrong.Bane is of the west, not of the east. Less imagination and justice to
Bane. Thanks to this lazy director, we got another Caucasian Bane on
purpose, proving it is hard to manage a character of a minority right.
Bane, unlike Perry White and Heimdall (who are changed in live action
through appearance instead of character), is freaking race specific,
not mutual.Also, I felt sorry for this character not being able to be more brutal.
He felt limited. How he was damaged in this film was poorly made. I
thought he suffered a more painful injury. He also looked like Jinzo
from Yugioh and a Mortal Kombat villain. His voice was not well/it felt
forced due to the stupid rip off headgear.Catwoman - This version was terrible, but Anne was very good with her
participation. Anne's character lacks the cat qualities of suit and
character treatment. No whip or claws. Just stupid bladed high-heels.
How stupid id this? This is degradation, not change.Catwoman also uses guns and she kills with them. This is wrong.
Catwoman has been turned into a killer. She never kills unless in dire
moments. Thanks to the lazy and now poor DC Comics company, she uses
guns more and she kills constantly. I also hated how she killed Bane.
Very anti-climatic.Batman - The worst interpretation ever. His voice sounds like Eddie
Valiant (Roger Rabbit character) suffering injuries while speaking and
Howl's demon voice from Howl's Moving Castle. THAT IS NOT how Batman
sounds like. He feels less of Batman too. Batman is suppose to be a
detective vigilante with MANY skills, not some weak ninja spy jerk who
does less minding of his surroundings (thank you Liam Neeson). He is a
disgrace to superheroes and his 8 year absence was all for nothing.
Bale was weak with portraying this character.While I still like Anne Hathaway, Hans Zimmer's great music, the plane
scene, the climbing moment with Bruce Wayne, and the motorcycle-tunnel
chase sequence, I feel so bad about the lies we are given. Good thing I
quit liking DC Comics now. I can still like Young Justice, which is
better. In Young Justice, Bane finally got justice and his home was
shown. Nolan is the worst and he cheated you people so easily. Those
who go against me and others who care more about what is right don't
deserve this, and the past two fake-dull-Batman films. They are sloppy
and not improving.5/10 as a Nolan film. 1/10 as the worst Batman film.
			
Everything that was wrong with the previous installment was carried on
to this one, and amplified. In short: you can't make a film about a guy
in a bat costume riding on motorcycles and beating up other cartoon
characters and frame it like a Shakespeare play. Why is this film three
hours long? How can a story about a guy attempting to blow up a city
with a nuclear bomb and being stopped by the superhero possibly be that
long? I will tell you how: through bad screen writing. There are now
too many characters to keep track of and Batman again experiences a
deep personal drama and an incredible spiritual journey, completely
shifting the focus away from the action. And remember: this is a guy
who wears tights and speaks in a hoarse voice for some reason, not
bloody Hamlet. This simply doesn't work. As for that deep, hoarse voice
of his, why does he use it? Apparently everyone that matters in this
film already knows his identity, so what's the point? Unless of course
it is a competition between him and the main villain to see who can
come up with the deepest voice. Listening to a dialogue between these
two is simply hilarious, in part because of the fact that the film
insists on the seriousness of it all. Again: you can't be serious in a
film of this sort. It becomes ridiculous. What can I say? It's a
superhero movie about a guy who whines most of the time when he is on
screen, and when he isn't we are forced to watch the adventures of
several completely uninteresting and unimportant minor characters. Why
they are in this movie is a mystery. We don't care for them and the
plot can be advanced perfectly well without them. My guess is that
their purpose is to make the film twice as long as it should be. And it
is about twice as long as it should be, or at least one hour too long.
By the time the film hit the two hour mark, I could no longer care
about anything and I wanted to leave the theatre. I have a few
questions, by the way: How can a little girl jump a distance that a
grown man in perfect physical shape cannot jump? Why is there a TV set
in an underground prison in the middle of a desert? How hard is it to
fashion tools to escape from that pit? They already have long ropes,
metal bars and what not. Who provides food for these prisoners, and how
come it is so rich in protein for a guy to build muscles worthy of a
professional athlete? Also, how does a man make his way from what
appears to be the heart of Africa or Asia back to the United States
with no money or passport, and then break into a zone that is under
tight military surveillance? Let's just say that whole part of the plot
was a waste of time, as was pretty much everything else but I really
can't be bothered to explain the stupidity of this endless sequence of
dull and frustrating moments that they call a 'movie'. This franchise
is now completely dead and any further sequels would be pointless.
Unfortunately I doubt the studio will have the decency to pull the plug
on this failed concept for a superhero movie
			
C.NOLAN: Alright Feritciva, it's time for finishing our epic Dark
Knight trilogy! FERITCIVA: Yess! At last! We've been waiting for this
for soo long.CN: OK now, Bruce Wayne lives like a homeless bag lady for 8 years and
he has no cartilage left in his body, but don't worry, he will be
alright in a couple of days.FC: A couple of days? No cartilage? Well, OK..CN: And the main bad guy Bane..FC: Ahaa,the bad guy! Is he as charismatic, full of depth & wisdom as
Ras Al Ghul? CN: No, he will be strong as an ox.FC: OK, is he as impressive and iconic as Joker? CN: No, he will be
strong as an ox.FC: Uh... OK...CN: Then Batman will detonate a nuclear bomb and he will be having
breakfast in Florence in the next scene.FC: Wait, wait! A nuke? CN: By the way, American government will be so
unorganized, weak and gullible that they will lock 12 million people in
a city.FC: OK, I can take that! That's not new anyway.CN: And these 12 million people will live like a medieval inquisition
village...FC: .. in limitless digital communication age? CN: .... and our good
guys will chase trucks by running around in the city. Then Batman, who
climbed out from a pit probably in remote East Asia, will find Cat
Woman instantly among that 12 million peop...FC: Uhhh, Mr. Nolan? Is it OK if I watch The Prestige again?
			
I think everything has been said about this movie. The majority likes
it a few don't. I belong to the few. Why? I fell asleep, 2 hours of non
existing action, no sign of Batman. I don't expect a huge story to be
told, I want action. I don't need to understand Batman's soul nor do I
want to write a psychological dissertation about Batman. Big yawn, it's
been the second time I fell asleep in the cinema. The fits time was
because it was a long Star Wars night and I didn't feel well enough at
4 am. This time it was because I was bored. I've seen some bad movies
but this time I was really upset and can not understand the hype around
this badly made movie.
			
I don't get what all the 10's are about. I don't see how this movie is
a 10, or rather even an 8. There are so many plot holes, the characters
are so one dimensional, action sequences OK at best.Where do I even begin. Banes voice. I admit, I didn't get what he was
saying more than half the time, and even then I had to strain really
hard. It was just awful. There were jokes about not understanding Bales
growling, but this, this is something else. The movie would have been
better without him talking.Catwoman! Suddenly she feels remorse and becomes goody goody at the
end, Oh the lord, this was about as predictable as rain in
Seattle(very, if you're unsure).Talia, what a big face-palm. Might as well have made a movie when the
Batman woke up from a dream at that point. Can the plot get ANY more
clichd? Thanks for popping up the MAIN criminal at the end of the
movie, who apparently had the hots for Batman.Batman, his screen time is mostly groaning and screaming and getting
beaten around in boxing by Bane. He becomes a superior fighter by
jumping across the ledge? I think that's not how the body works. There
isn't any Batman stuff at all. Just punching and kicking. Muhammad Ali
would have been a better hero to fit that role (Yay, incoming dislikes
from people who don't know who that is). Also, big copter no one can
find, yea right.Sheep followers wanting to get blown up. Ya, because getting evaporated
by a nuclear bomb is so awesome that every "mercenary" wants to do it.
Oh, but they didn't know that they'd be blown up.All policemen going underground like a herd of cows because they want
to scout out the underground operations and therefore getting caught.
Sigh.Big fight scenes. Police officers don't walk in formation with guns
against a bunch of mercenaries on higher ground and they all don't
start shooting at point blank range. No. That's not how police work. Or
any modern force with guns. That ONLY works in Lord of the Rings,
because they had SWORDS! Who wrote this script?The other batman movies were good. The first one was great. The second
was good too. This one is ridiculous. I don't know how people can be so
blind to so many obvious flaws. Even with that, the best moments in
this film are...unimpressive. Did I go into the theater with high
hopes. Not at all. I expected average, I was disappointed to not find
even that.Will be ever get another Prestige from these guys? I hope so.
			
Actually this movie deserves two stars but the overall rating(8.6) is
way too high. Therefore I am giving it 1 star to reduce it.This movie didn't give me any enjoyment but instead gave me a lot of
stressful scenes. There are too many personal problems in this movie.
Batman is fictional film and suitable for any new idea, story, look and
feel. However this film lacks all of them.In real life batman cannot exist. But from dark knight it started
trying to be more realistic. However dark knight was good film why? it
had the joker, a lot of good action scenes with his great acting, lead
the film pretty good.Now the dark knight rises is completely in the same old way but however
lacks the joker! Image that the previous dark night without the joker.
This film should have brought completely new idea, look and feel. But
this is frustrating to watch. There is no leading role in it and when
the all cops running towards machine guns I was like oh god please why?
why? To all directors and film makers! This is 2013 we need something
brand new or something really classy or something that makes your jaw
drop.Please don't waste all the money on same old bullshits again and again
please!!! (P.S The Dark Knight Rises is still better than the Skyfall)
			
First off let me say my rating of this movie is based solely on the
fact that this is called a BATMAN movie. As a Batman movie, this film
failed miserably. There are so many why would you do that to tarnish
and damage the legacy of Batman moments, it is simply mind blowing.
Bane was so stupid. I liked Bane's characterization in the film, BATMAN
AND ROBIN, better then here. I love the animated series of Batman, and
the Bane episode is so good and so spot on as Batman is concerned. He
is highly intelligent and sounds like it. This movie makes him sound
like a cross between Darth Vader and a bad Sean Connery. WTF, Why would
you do that? The story in and of itself did not bother me, For the most
part it was fine. But come on Alfred abandoning Bruce Wayne, NO! never
it would never ever happen, that was sacrilege, and beyond forgiveness.
The realization of Talia is way too abrupt, and it left me scratching
my head. The link to Rac Al Ghul and Talia hating her father then the
about face in like 30 seconds did not work. Gordon finding out Bruce
Wayne is Batman, NEVER! And Catwoman - No explanation was given at all
for her appearance, that made her redemption completely empty, because
we nothing about this character. And of course Scarecrow's waisted
cameo, with no mask by the way. Then there was the realization of is it
Robin? It was such a quick moment if you blinked you'd miss it, like oh
by the way, but no big deal. In fact nothing seemed to be a big deal in
this movie. Everyone was just kind of going through the motions. And oh
my god the movie was a thousand hours long, and you could feel it.
Surely there was a way to tighten up the film. There was so much
waisted potential in this film that was just thrown in the garbage
thanks to Nolan. And I believe he did this just out of spite because he
did not want to do another Batman film, So he said OK I'll mess it up
so badly that no one will be able to fix it. We Batman fans deserve
better then that. With all that said, I have to admit, If this were a
movie under any other title than Batman, the film would have actually
worked. In my eyes This was a BOND movie dressed up to look like a
Batman movie.
			
By far, THE WORST batman movie in History! After The Dark Knight came
out (Which was possibly one of the greatest movies in history & for
sure, the greatest batman movie in history) I was so excited to see the
next part to the series. I expected The Dark Knight Rises to be so
great, based on what I had seen in the previous part, but after wasting
almost 3 hours of my life on that dreadfully boring pile of crap, I was
Pist. Batman Begins, was not great, not even worth mentioning, but
then, the dark knight came out, absolutely perfect movie...so the final
movie of the series could either Make or Break this entire batman
series as a whole. And quite frankly, The 3rd batman movie, definitely
destroyed the Entire series. The Dark Knight Rises, actually makes the
two previous parts of the series look bad as well, since they are all
apart of the same series. Without spoiling any of the actual movie, I
can honestly say, that anyone who actually Liked The Dark Night Rises,
is not a True batman fan. All & All, the greatest batman movies of all
time, were & still remain, The Dark Night & Batman Returns (mostly
because of Michelle Pfeiffer)
			
Don't WASTE UR $, THIS SHOW SUX. IF UR EXPECTING ACTION LIKE IN THE
PREVIOUS BATMAN MOVIES, UR S.O.L.!! the fight scenes hearken back to
the 50's era "pow, biff, sock". PATHETIC!!!! anyone who says that this
movies was good is nothing but a BATMAN FANBOY - and would fall in love
with a batman movie mad entirely out of sock puppets, on second
thought, a sock puppet batman movie would blow this piece of crap out
of the water. THIS MOVIE SUCKED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the dark knight has not
risen, he tripped and fell on his face. TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY -
ON BOTH MY PART AND THE PRODUCERS. JUST SAD. sad, sad, sad, sad, sad,
sad, SAD!
			
Firstly had all the full tilt capability of being Great, (great-ish
Ending, Tense climax) BUT WOW THE CORN!! This movie was extremely badly
put together the editor should never be hired again...Absolutely no character motives... Absolute bad use of set
cinematography.... WORST editing ever...Weird Points of emotion, random insert emotion hear... Falls short on
SOOO MANY LEVELS! Spoilers----- Police fight... SO CORN! Walk out on
the Bay... Corn! BATWING... CORN! NUCLEAR threat... Corntastically
repetitive.... The Prison... Corn! Good parts far and few between...
JGL... the girl villain was believable-ish... Bane was good THIS MOVIE
CAN'T EVEN HOLD A FLAME TO THE FIRST TO MOVIES ESPECIALLY THE SECOND'S
Villain!! Nice try Nolan... but the execution was absolutely horrible!!
Had all the pieces *no offense to monkeys... but seamed like it was put
together by monkeys!! EPIC FAILURE OF A MOVIE: had none of the
cinematic lure of the Set cinematography of the fist two.. stiff
character with no depth Except maybe Robin, or Bane, Action was hardly
believable, Batman is falling apart. Crud Editing and continuity. I
watched first day in Imax 12:00 am showing... Was not thoroughly
impressed had impressive moments, but was gasping at the horrendous
editing. Maybe a re-watch is order, but not in the theatre, wouldn't
waste my money.Can't hold a flame to the first two, except for maybe sheer flames from
explosions! Booooooooooooooooooooooooooo! thumbs down!
			
I have seen this right after i seen The Raid:Redemption - so obviously,
after that, - "The Dark Knight rises" was sluggish, slow and so on -
and the action scenes remind me a lot with action scenes from the
original star trek with Kirk fighting aliens in slow motion. I did not
appreciate anything about this movie - from the retard plot to the
constant whining and inner struggle of the main char. Nor his comeback
and push ups or anything else. Nor the constant epiphanies and speeches
everyone's having. The movie is a huge budget disgrace and the fact is
was successful it is probably related somehow with 2 things: -Previous
batman was a success (because of Heath Ledger and his unfortunate
passing) so obviously everyone wanted to see this one. -Human race is
going on the same path as foretold in the "Idiocracy" movie. Which will
certainly explain the IMDb rating for this disgrace.
			
Personally have never been a batman fan, mainly because the movies are
so unrealistic. But this movie didn't bring as much unrealistic gadgets
that he just suddenly has in the situation he needs it in, which I did
like but still just didn't change my opinion. I was expecting this
movie to be at least an alright 5/10 but I give it a 1. Hated it and
was so happy it was finished, utterly boring film in my opinion.
Catwoman was really the only thing that made the movie worth watching
with her combat skills but then again, she wasn't even in combat all
that much in the movie. Wasted 7.50 on this movie, which isn't a lot,
but I personally wouldn't have paid a penny to watch it.
			
Dark Knight Rises. A complete waste of my 3 hours and money. Batman's
nemesis "Bane" could not be understood most of the time and there was
senseless destruction throughout the film. One of the worst films I
have ever seen and it cost $250,000,000 to make???? Incredible to waste
that much money on this drivel.It is no wonder films cost so much now
a-days, after seeing this example of how not to make a film. I give it
a one in ratings as I walked out before it was finished, something I
have only done once before in my life.I have liked most of the Batman
films with this exception, but Anne Hathaway was beautiful and her
acting was good, as well as Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine holding it
together but even they could not save this badly directed and stupid
plot.
			
Really respect the criticisms attached to this one. Bane is ridiculous.
A joke. Can't understand the opening sequence, where he had to come on
the plane as a prisoner, etc. Didn't get any better logically from
there. Bruce knows that catwoman (or Selina Kyle anyways) stole his
fingerprint, then Bane attacks and holds the Stock Exchange hostage,
and nobody figures out why? Nobody even questions what Bane's men were
doing there? Nobody tracks that during those few minutes, the only one
doing any trading from the floor was Wayne, who makes a bunch of
questionable trades that result in him losing his company. Are there no
reporters in Gotham asking these questions? Where's Vicky Vale when you
need her? What purpose was there to allow the board to take control of
the Wayne company, for Bruce? When all he had to do was show his
shareholders that he didn't make those trades.Can't watch these Dark Knight movies. I can watch the animated movies,
Doom, Mask of the Phantasm, Public Enemies etc. over and over again and
they are more believable, and exciting, then these live-action movies.Levitt and Bale keep the whole thing from being a waste, but there's
little else to like. Like Talia. This is how they write in Talia Al
Ghul? She's too rad to be treated so poorly.There was little rad in these movies. Sorry. My advice is to watch or
read the Dark Knight Rises parts.
			
If I could give this movie a 'zero', I would. I really, REALLY can't
believe why people like this movie... WTH! There are so many things I constantly criticized during the movie. How
did he get to the 'prison' so fast or from the prison to Gotham? (Bane
and Bats). 'Send every cop in the city to the sewers to attack
Bane!'Really?? REAAALLYY??? I wonder what the writers were smoking
writing this movie. Messed up leg and back healed within an incredible
amount of time. Pfff, I am even frustrated writing about this. And the
voice... WHY?? They messed Batman up. Please don't make anymore movies
about Batman. You guys ar ruining it.
			
Tried to watch this movie but cant understand the dialog of the villain
meaning the movie makes no sense when watching it. Why not just remove
all the dialog from the movie, might as well have because whatever
story there is we will never know without subtitles. Must be the first
movie in English where people need English subtitles to understand what
a person is saying. Not sure why the studio would allow the movie to be
made so poorly, it has a big budget so I would think they could afford
microphones, but then again maybe someone ruined the movie on purpose
due to the shooting to make it do badly at the box office. Doubt anyone
will buy this for home use except for a niche group of fans because the
audio is terrible.
			
*SPOILERS SPOILERS BE WARNED* Okay, first off...I'm a comic-geek so I
come in expecting more than the average movie-goer. Especially with a
character I've read for a long time. I expect a character to act true
to the core essence of that character. One thing consistently
established about Batman is his obsession for battling crime...to the
point of being considered clinical by some. Bruce Wayne/Batman never
quits. For him to take 8 years off because his love died and mope
around like a ghost is utterly ridiculous. For him to hang up the cowl
at the end because he found a girl and wants a normal life is totally
ridiculous. Those two things are not Bruce Wayne/Batman. Those two
points make the rest of the movie moot for me.
			
This film is absolute mince.So many flaws that I ended shaking my head in disbelief at them, I mean
3,000 policemen trapped in tunnels for days and when they escape, they
are all still well groomed and shaved. A neutron bomb is about to
explode and wipe out everything in a 6 mile radius and the policeman is
more bothered about getting kids back on a school bus that is going to
be obliterated anyway.The storyline, was it made up as it went along, who could follow it !!
Batman has a broken back and its sorted with a punch to the ribs to put
them back in place.The batman took 4 attempts to jump about 10 feet when escaping from the
jail. Normally he can fly no problem.One of the worst films I have watched in a while, should have gone to
see Spiderman.
			
Iron Man and The Dark Knight are the gold standard for 21st century
super hero movies. This film, supposedly the last in the Christopher
Nolan trilogy (though there is a cliffhanger) ranks in the nether
regions with Thor and Daredevil, scrabbling around looking for scraps
of entertainment. It's also nearly an hour longer than Dark Knight and
probably 30 minutes longer than it needs to be. Nolan can't figure out
what to do with Catwoman while Anne Hathaway never comes close to
eclipsing the memory of Michelle Pfeiffer's performance. But the
biggest and worst mistake was the villain: Bane. (Why not the Riddler,
many will ask. Why not indeed?) Bane has a box strapped across his
face,which makes it impossible to understand him, particularly during
several, long, bombastic speeches he's given. It's a distracting,
distancing device that keeps the audience from really SEEING the
character. Michael Caine and Joseph Gordon-Levitt give compelling
performances and the special effects and set design are as huge as you
can expect from the budget. But there are a number of scenes that too
closely--and tastelessly, mine the memories of New York City post-9/11.
And overall, it's just too long, crammed with exposition and
flashbacks. It's very, very expensive dreck and a big disappointment.
			
I watched The Dark Knight Rises, unfortunately. I told myself that I
wouldn't, that I wouldn't even download it and watch it for free,
something I consider the ultimate insult. But a friend dragged me in.
The reason I wouldn't watch it was that I hated TDK. I kind of enjoyed
BB until Wayne put on the mask, but from then on the entire story has
been unimpressive and just bad, bad storytelling.One reason I was persuaded to watch it was the pre-release photograph
of Selina Kyle in prison uniform, but that was a bust, too.Christopher Nolan remains one of the most overrated directors alive
today.So, I suppose the many fanatical fans would want to strangle me slowly.I can live with that.dull dull dull
			
First of all I wanna know how I'm ever gonna get back the 2 1/2 hours
of my life? I wasted my hard earned money on this piece of dog crap
they call a movie. How is Nolan gonna ever redeem himself after 2 flops
TDKR and Inception. I wasn't sure if Bale showed up as John Conner in
this movie or batman. The best part of this movie is when the credits
rolled up and the theater lights came back on. How did Bruce Wayne get
back into the city if it was quarantined off? It clearly looked like he
was in a well of some dirty Dirkastan country. They should have had
John Lithgow playing Matthew Modine's role to complete the 3rd rock
from the sun casting.This movie sucked balls.
			
With no character development, bad acting, action scenes less
believable than the 70s Batman TV show and a confused and convoluted
plot with numerous inexplicable and unnecessary chasms, the cheese
dripping from this 165 minute overly-long piece of hackneyed - and at
times simply illegible - claptrap will have you longing for the exit.I really liked the first two films, but this one seriously misses the
mark. What riles me more than anything is lack of development and even
motive for any of the characters. They don't grow, they don't learn
anything, and they don't even really do anything. They just chase each
other around while spouting nonsensical disjointed hubristic fantasies,
rather like a bunch of kindergarteners playing wargames in a ball-room.I want the 3 hours of my life back. I want Heath Ledger back. The
popcorn was nice.
			
I was initially shocked to see all the first few pages full of 10/10
reviews but after page 7 it seem to be more honest reviews. Its a
moment of whether one will agree that the "Emperor is naked". Difficult
for fan boys to see the flaws of the movie but i did.I never followed Batman from young but TDK changed my opinion and made
batman my favorite superhero.TDKR has tremendous responsibility to follow up the good work of batman
begins and TDK but it has rather disappointed(me).How many times have
we seen this Below-viaduct-under-the-highway chase scenes.Nolan is just
reusing all his antiques from the first movie.However one never gets
tired of watching this stylish batman's every move.That was yet another
hair raising batman intro despite a super long draggy boring opening 30
mins.Some of the themes are too recurring. The theme of people getting
trapped beyond bridges,inmates escaping and causing chaos,explosives
and more explosives.When it is used again and again more audience can
easily realize some of the logic flaws in those scenes.Batman is also becoming too fantasy.his flying saucer can hide from
government radars and he still can appear and disappear at any place in
his very "unnoticable" costume and "small" bike.the scenes were so
dragging that i started to purposely notice logic nonsenses.Also during
Batman's first escape ,the police cars give him a clear view of the
ramp on the highway.There were a hundreds of police cars blocking all
angles but give him a clear view to the ramp.Also there were too many
scenes of catwoman and batman escaping bullets.Police always have gun
pointed but never shoot and eventually let their targets escape.The
apocalyptic scenes reminded a little of the very forgettable terminator
4(also has bale)Also not very sure why Nolan gives this Joseph-Gordon levitt(500 days
of summer) too much importance since inception.Anne Hathaway is pretty
but it seems like she is a jinx to the current(almost perfect) batman
series.her stunts are cool but she is fakingly powerful(and her mask
really "conceals" her identity).Gary Oldman is someone i didn't knew b4
batman,an amazing actor together with Micheal Caine,Morgan freeman &
Liam neeson.Thanks Nolan for utilizing such a stellar cast...TDK,The
prestige and batman begins will remain in my all time favorites list.I
will let this movie pass and hope Nolan can make a movie out of the
dull-black-white- strong-contrast visuals which is too repetitive and
makes his style very predictable.as some others mentioned every scene
has to be linked with a flashback,every dialog has to be meaningful.Nolan did make a fitting end to the legend but somehow the movie
experience was not there.saving private ryan(172mins) and
titanic(194mins) were lengthy but definitely entertaining and
engrossing.afzp25@hotmail.com
			
First, I hate hype. I hate it because it destroys the freshness of the
movie watching experience. Try as I might, if I hear a movie endlessly
heaped with unmerited praise by both the Press and personal
acquaintances, I cannot go into the theater either with my hopes raised
too high or finding that I have to actively tell my self NOT to expect
too much - which raises my cynicism unfairly, as well.Second, I love film. Not just the special effects (if any) not just the
obvious flash and bang and occasional celebrity, but the very craft of
film is wonderful.Or at least - it should be....I'm surprised not enough people - mainstream media and the rank and
file moviewatcher - have seemed firm enough on their opinions of the
Dark Knight Rises to just come out and be fully honest.....this was a
BAD film.I'll go even farther - based on his track record - and considering film
an art form which depends on certain technical merits to be considered
"good" - Christopher Nolan is a BAD Film Maker. He makes BAD films. The
reason Warner Bros has to hype these films to the heavens is because
they MUST generate a feverish, feeding-frenzy of excitement and
expectation because they KNOW that the film cannot stand alone on its
own merits.The Dark Knight Rises is filled with many bad cuts, clichs and
overblown imagery and political statements as The Dark Knight was.
That's right - the Dark Knight was also a BAD film. Plot holes, bad
performances, bad casting, bad cinematography, bad edited - all of
which are the result of BAD Directing. No one who loves film can
honestly declare these films good. They may not know it, but they are
under the thrall of HYPE.And on that same note, no one who actually considers themselves a fan
of Batman - not the movie Batman, but Batman as he has existed for the
70+ years before Nolan got his mitts on him, THE Batman - can honestly
say Nolan has done these characters justice. Especially considering the
end of the film.....*SPOILERS - Do NOT read on if you don't want to know how the film ends.
You have be WARNED. SPOILERS* *SPOILERS* By killing off Bruce Wayne,
Nolan has declared that as far as he is concerned Batman is dead. The
films are dead. The franchise is dead. Oh, WB may considering another
reboot (of course they will), but Nolan is making sure that you
remember that HE told the ultimate "Batman" story and that no one can
follow him. Instead of relying on these cheesy gimmicks and poorly
developed ethical and political statements, he should spent the time
and money hiring a decent screenwriter.Hate me. Go ahead. You're entitled. And I'm entitled to hate this film.
			
Another boring movie from a director who knows only to hype his films
using a good music director ... i think the music director must get all
the accolades rather than the director... Honestly speaking i just
slept through the whole movie... Don't know how can people bear a
boring character like batman who just keeps farting all around the
movie... Also the story has become too monotonous... So has Christian
Bale's acting... The action in this movie will force you to sleep...
Just an over hyped movie with over hyped director and over hyped
music... Its time to wake up guys !!!! even the previous movie wasn't a
great one !!! it was just a hyped one because of heath ledgers
death..!! The earlier batman franchise as well as TV show had some
splendid actors who played joker... Sadly they were never praised...
This Christopher Nolan franchise got accolades only due to the demise
of heath ledger which occurred before "The Dark Knight"... Open your
eyes... This movie is just boring and overrated... don't just follow
what others say.. have your own opinion about this deliberately
glamorized movie franchise...
			
I don't even know if there is a spoiler in here, but some could
consider it i suppose so i'm marking it spoiler. As for the movie
didn't like it compared to other batman movies, this was the worst by
far. I'll stick to the old movies. Could have been the actor that
played batman? Or how they screwed up HQ. Quite a few people agreed -
Well in this area that she seems more like an Emo girl then HQ and that
was the biggest mistake in the movie. There was nothing here for me but
disappointment and wanting the time I spent back. Next time this director wants to make a movie. It's best he doesn't.
			
First off I wanna say I was a fan of the previous batman movies but
this, this movie is a disgrace to Batman. The whole movie felt so
awkward and too long. Way too long. At least it felt that way. The
addition of Catwoman was incredibly dumb. I know they need a new love
interest but c'mon. Bane could of been displayed as much more
intelligent. At least they didn't make him a complete moron like in
that Batman movie way back.Bane is supposed to be Batmans equal, his arch-nemesis. It is not the
Joker as many people like to believe but it is Bane. Also this movie is
incredibly pretentious. I really did not expect that from this movie.
Anyways the movie is bad. Do yourself a favor and DON'T go see it right
away. You will have to deal with the crowds of drooling idiots and get
ripped off by the movie theater with their 15 dollar bag of popcorn and
12 dollar large drink. Wait for it to come out on DVD or netlix. You
might just enjoy yourself a little more. And you can turn it off
whenever you want and watch something else when it disappoints you.
			
Don't waste your money, The Dark Knight was terribly awesome, every
scene in that film as stand alone is better than this film. It was overcrowded with characters, half of whom don't really add to
the story, while taking up valuable screen time of the main characters.
It missed Batman, this was essentially a film about Bruce Wayne and his
problems. The story isn't just about good versus evil (which worked
great in The Dark knight and helps focus the film's plot) but wants to
explore all kinds of societies problems such as the stock market, evil
bankers ('I have my money under the mattress' ("you evil bankster") and
Occupy. Rather then exploring these themes thoroughly it just touches
them and then moves on forgetting all about it. Further more, the
action is really, really weak! This is a big issue for me since I love
action movies, maybe other people will not care as much. But the
fighting scenes between Batman and Bane are laughable. Just hitting
each other in slow motion, my god, the guy threatens to kill 12 million
people but Batman adheres to his code?? It worked great in The Dark
Knight, since the Joker was essentially creating chaos, not direct
annihilation of a city, but in this film it is totally out of context.
That scene where 300 cops run into a fortified position of bad guys
armed with AK-47's? OH REALLY?! Where were Batman's gadgets? Not the
overblown helicopter thing (my god what an inconspicuous piece of
engineering) but the subtle stuff, the smoke, the batclaw, whatever.
Just like 007 missing Q, it just doesn't work. They had to repeat some
amazing turn with his bike twice in the film just to show something
reasonable interesting in the way of action, in Avengers this would
have been in the background, once. Blurred. The stadium scene. Mehh,
seen it already seventy times in the trailer. Oh.. The film drags on
for an amazing 165 minutes! They would have had a better film cutting
it with 60 minutes. It would have helped them focus and cut unnecessary
scenes (alot you say? Yes!). But the biggest problems with this film is the random stuff that
completely sucks: - Openingscene: kidnap that doctor? OK. huh whats with the tube and the
blood, ehm why do only Bane and that guy hang there after it crashes
down when moments before there were like 6 bad guys in the plain on
ropes? Huh oh never mind next scene! - Why why WHY does Bane hate batman so much? It is insinuated for most
of the movie that Batman killed his father, but in the end it shows
Bane has no real connection to Batman what so ever? Strange..- And that prison/dark pit, in which no sunlight ever shines? ITS LIT
UP WITH THE SUN THE ENTIRE FILM! - Why do they keep talking on ice where everybody who steps foot on it
falls through and dies? Thanks for saving me, lets continue the talk
over there where we won't DIE? - Yeah let's kill the bad guy, not by batman but a support character,
introduce the real villain, and kill her in a car crash 5 minutes
later. And damnnnnn the acting in that scene deserves a razzie. - Better love story than twilight! - Yes Batman, everybody knows you are Bruce Wayne, you can start
talking normal, saves you the cough the day after. - Bane.. ? Like three people SAY Bane is amazing big etc. But as a
viewer, you don't see it, you just don't feel the menace, nothing.
Because Bane isn't AT ALL MENACING OR BIG OR SCARY!! His voice, what a
failure. Born in the Darkness! .. 140 minutes later, oh no, he wasn't?
Or was he? No matter, he's dead. Let's not mention him again in the
rest of the film. - Robin. Don't get me started. SAVE THE CITY! EXODUS! DRIVE A BUS WITH
15 CHILDREN TO THE BRIDGE AND FAIL IN GETTING THEM ACROSS HAHAHAHAHAHA! - Lucius Fox was in this movie?- Let's insinuate that Bane's goones are terrible and so committed and
'where does he get these guys?' Oh lets not explain that, lets move on
to some surgeon in a prison in a foreign country, whos story we don't
CARE ABOUT! AT ALL! PEETIME! - Government does not negotiate with terrorists! Next scene, 'they made
a deal!' Sigh - Etc
			
That was the exact sentiment I had after watching TDKR. I had been
waiting for this movie ever since the first teaser trailer was
released. To cut the long and short, I am writing down some first hand
reactions I had while watching the movie and the reason I felt that
there must be something wrong with me. 1. The great Bane introduction - I failed to see any character
development for this character except for towering persona of Mr.
Hardy. Well for that matter, it could have been Mr. Dwayne Johnson
under the mask. Back to the character, what made Bane, a mercenary, so
awe- inspiring that others were ready to die for his words ? Who/what
made him an ideologue ? ( especially with the predictable twist at the
end ) 2. Our old friend Bruce Wayne - While his limp was rectified by some
funky exo-skeleton apparatus, why was his character such a limp all
throughout the 3 hours? 1. Letting a girl steal his precious stuff from
right in front of his eyes 2. Wallowing over a dead girlfriend 3.
Getting cheated by the same gal and getting beaten to pulp by his arch-
enemy. 4. Same gal doing the disappearing act before Batman, for him
only to manage a cheesy remark " Now I know how it feels". Really Mr.
Batman is that all you can come up with ?? 5. Sleeping with you dead
arch-enemy's daughter? Woww ..Mr. Nolan might call TDKR having the
theme "Pain", I thought it resounded "Loser" better. 3. Butler-Wayne Bro-mance - Everything seen and understood about the
importance of Alfred in Mr. Wayne's life. But still I failed to see the
entire melodrama of Alfred leaving his master, that too at the
opportune moment of Mr. Wayne on the verge of losing everything.4. Everything about Batman has been related to darkness. For me he is a
person of the shadows. An ominous dark foreboding demeanor along his
incessant internal struggles with his dark demons, everything pointed
to a flawed yet enigmatic character that is Batman. I saw the darkness
being stolen away from the dark knight. Beats me if I am the only
person who saw it 5. The fusion reactor/bomb - Isn't that what it boils down to ? Each
time ? 6. Catwoman - In the Matrix movie, in the famous sub-way scene,a
program tells Neo about "Karma" and the "purpose of existence". It
further added, programs without a purpose were being deleted. Selina
a.k.a Catwoman was such a program in the movie. There was no reason, no
purpose and no rationale for her existence within the movie, except for
being a side kick. 7. To cut it short, one word for some important scenes - the whole
autopilot episode on the bat plane - Cheesy, The end of movie twist -
Utterly cheesy, reason for Bane's mask - hilarious, the well-prison
break scene - clich,Blake or Gordon - One was definitely redundant,
references to the Charles Dickens novel - superfluous, music - jarring
and the movie ending - totally disappointing !!!
			
To everyone who enjoyed the film, congratulations it's always nice to
spend a few hours escaping from reality in the theatre.For those of us hoping the creators would build on the previous two
films and complete a fine movie trilogy, sadly I left the theatre
entirely underwhelmed. The movie was at best a video game with shallow
characters and a boring story. At the 2 hour point I heard myself
begging for the film to end but it would not.... for another 45
minutes!! How was I rewarded for remaining in my seat for nearly an
hour? Batman takes a nuclear weapon out into the Atlantic (after
wasting some of the precious last few seconds kissing Anne Hathaway and
making Gary Oldman look a bit of a dill) where it explodes. The fact
that a cloud of lethal radiation blown by onshore breezes to liquidate
the cheering people of Gotham within a day annoyed me but not as much
as Batman surviving the detonation!!! I was fine with them planting a
headstone and delivering a eulogy but did they need to show him sipping
a latte like smug a Goldman Sachs executive retired to the Riviera with
their GFC bonus!! The most genuine and believable part of the film was
Michael Caines resignation. When he sobbingly explains why he must
leave because he can no longer stand by and watch everything he worked
for and loves be destroyed in an act of selfish futility..... I
couldn't help thinking he made the same speech in Chris Nolan's office!
Compared to it's predecessors and the third installments of other film
trilogies.... this was a very unsatisfying and poor film.
			
you disappointed me Nolan, what the f? -cheesy way of ending conflicts
-uninteresting characters. -deus ex machine in its cheap form. -sleepy
time in action sequences (not in the "more hardcore action, images that
balance content" persuasion). -destroyed the image of a passionately
followed character (not talking about batman). -are you going to slack
in next project? -more preproduction man, think stuff trough. -where
you in contract debt to finish the movie or something? -you know you
are better than writing stuff for the ridiculous "10 line in comment"
rule last night i proved my girlfriend its a hassle to take care of one
another while drunk
			
Whats with all the high ratings... Story was terrible. how can 1000
unarmed cops walk towards the bad guys with guns up an alleyway and not
get shot then just start fighting. I fell asleep through this and was
dis-appointed with all the hype. Can you trust reviews anymore, I'm not
sure.The Dark Knight was very good - i loved it. But this was so bad. Felt
tricked at paying to watch this and felt so angry. Batman gets his ass
kicked in a fight, then goes away and does a few sit-ups and come back
like superman. Batman gets stabbed with a 2inch knife and nearly dies
yet he got bullets bouncing of him through the film
			
I sat through 3 hours of this film last night and just could not
believe how boring it was, and how it just was not any fun at all. Very
little action, lots of brooding and the most boring Batman villain
ever. Bane is a third rate Darth Vader, and his voice-over is mixed way
too high; plus there is no motivation I could see for what he was
doing.My 14 year old daughter was so bored also that she kept asking me when
it was going to be over. I personally think this film is an early
leader for this year's Razzies. Worst Picture, Worst Director, Worst
Screenplay, Worst Acting, and Worst Editing are some of the potential
"honors" that immediately come to mind.
			
I for one, seem to be one of the only reviewers who did not see this
film in IMAX, probably for the best, for instead of being engulfed in
the "Imax experience," I actually got a chance to concentrate on the
individual nuances of the movie.First and foremost, the pro's: I must commend the character of Bane,
for his physique and menacing intellect do justice to the Bane of the
comic realm (Knightfall/Knightsend era). Unfortunately, thats about as nice as I can be with this flick, Anne
Hathaway was absolutely ridiculous in her role, I still cannot even
begin to fathom how director Christopher Nolan could try to make a
"down to earth" style Batman and include such a cheesy character.The imagery in the third installment was incredibly bright considering
the dark subject manner. I expect more from Christopher Nolan, for the
cinematography in the first two chapters did Batman justice, while this
one fell and looked completely bland and boring.The plot holes were many and the movie seemed to drag, almost as if
Nolan was trying too hard to out-due his prior installments. A horrid
display of an over budget, over zealous mess, that never once even
hinted at anything remotely imaginative or new.If you like your movies ridiculously predictable and cheesy than put
The Dark Knight Rises on your must see movies, if not, do what I'm
going to do, wait for an adaptation of any of the Alan Moore or Frank
Miller Batman stories (fingers crossed).
			
I had very low expectations for this film before watching it and sadly
this rubbish even failed to meet those.An appalling script completely lacking in a moral compass, subtext
(imagine what an intelligent screen writer would have made of all of
these orphans?) or clear motivations for the cartoon characters
involved at the centre of the drama. As a result there was no tension
and I didn't care if everyone was blown up at the end or not. The editing was appalling with one monochrome setting shifting to
another in a very flat and monotonous rhythm. The action sequences were
really dull. When the cops ran at the baddies the fight scene was as
intense as two old ladies squabbling over a cardigan in the January
sales! The road chase sequence was like a choreographed run through in
a "how to do a stunt" video.The soundtrack music was a constant background burble that never
actually developed into a theme and was as one dimensional as
everything else in the film. Hans Zimmer's score was no match for the
epic sweep of Danny Elfman's music in the Tim Burton Batman movies. The acting was disinterested and good actors such as Ben Mendelsohn and
Marion Cotillard were wasted in one dimensional stereotypical roles. Ms
Hathaway may have been surprisingly good at belting out a song in "Les
Mis" but here she is the least sexy Cat Woman ever. To be fair to her
that is hardly surprising from a Director as disinterested in sex
appeal and human chemistry as Mr Nolan ( this is the guy who even made
Scarlett Johansson dressed in corsets in "The Prestige" seem a little
ordinary!!). What should have been highly charged emotional moments
such as Alfred leaving Bruce or the public realisation of the sacrifice
that Batman had made in the Harvey Dent affair were thrown away.The narrative was muddled, full of holes and lacking in tension. Just
how did Bruce Wayne recover from a broken back, climb out of the pit
and get back to Gotham on foot, with no resources at his disposal, from
what I assume was somewhere like China in about 3 days? How did he get
back into a shut down Gotham? As for the twist regarding who was Ra's
Al Ghul's offspring  well it obviously couldn't have been Bane because
we were told his disfigurement and subsequent medical treatment took a
much longer timescale well beyond the escape of that character. So that
twist was telegraphed and in that situation when dealing with a script
as mechanical as this one you always look to the least obvious
character so to see Ms Cotilard declared as the offspring was as easy
to anticipate as the fact that she wasn't going to finish Batman off
when she had the chance. All as boring and predictable as the supposed
poignant finale at the restaurant in Florence which you just knew would
be the outcome. In Hollywood films the pay off always has to be
signposted!Is this really the best we can expect for hundreds of $millions? A lame
140 minutes of nonsense followed by a final 20 minutes reliant on the
same old tired device of a clock ticking down on the side of a bomb?
Really??Intellectually Mr Nolan has nothing to offer the intelligent cinema
goer (IMDb describes him as being "celebral"  yes sure, to Homer
Simpson maybe??!! ), emotionally he is clearly pitching his work at the
level of a 14 year old school boy who's best friend is his X box and
clearly on the basis of this dull waste of time and money he doesn't
even have anything interesting to offer so far as technical film making
is concerned. That this rubbish achieves 8.5 on IMDb is a perfect metaphor for the
mindless consumerism and rampant stupidification of the western world.
Honestly if this does it for you then you really need to grow up and
read a few non-fiction books about politics, economics or
philosophy.. and perhaps even get yourself a real-life girlfriend.
			
The problems with this mess of a movie are endless. Mainly, it's just
boring and completely unbelievable...and way too long. There's not
nearly enough Batman and, when he is on screen, he mostly gets his ass
kicked. Meanwhile the villains are capable of doing everything
successfully. As a result, Batman just comes off as tired and lame. The
movie's war scenes smack more of Iron Man than Dark Knight. The movie
desperately tries to prove how bad-ass Bane is, but he's just...not.
Truly, I expected a scene with Bane loading cancer surviving, crippled
grandmas into a bus and blowing them up. It was that silly. All the
subplots slow things down: I could care less about the backstory of the
chick with the accent, Robin (gee, I didn't see that coming two hours
before it happened), the corporate stuff, Alfred's blubbering. Dull,
dull, dull. Lastly, the sound is amateur. Everything is pushed up
front, so it's often difficult to understand dialogue. Just a
disorganized mess.
			
Honestly, I don't understand why this movie has so many fantastic
reviews. I absolutely loved the 1st two batman movies. But the 3rd one
was a complete disappointment. And for my review I am assuming that the
first two batman movies were never made. Almost nothing in the movie
makes sense. Some people like Ann Hathaway's acting but there's nothing
special about it, honestly. It feels like Chis Nolan has paid many of
the reviewers here. Tom Hardy is a great actor but doesn't quite fit
the character of bane. They should have picked up someone like
Undertaker from wwe for Bane (someone at least 7 ft tall). Bane was
very difficult to understand. (and I live in an English speaking
country). even my wife couldn't understand him but was too embarrassed
to admit until I mentioned it lol. The story is just weak. At one point
it seems the movie is shot in 2012 but the flashback looks like its
going back to 1700's. Miranda's story was just rubbish. At one point
she sleeps with batman and 30 mins later she stabs him. Really? Mr
Nolan? really? oh did I tell you Bane was killed by Celina Kyle (i.e
ann Hathaway) and she did it quite easily with that Bat-bike (or
whatever you call it). why didn't they just do it before. Guys please
stop giving positive reviews just because this is batman. the movie is
rubbish, in every way. I didn't review the dark knight(I,e batman 2) on
IMDb but I have to say it was brilliant. oh the joker - that was top
class acting by Heath Ledger.
			
I was just like a number of people dying to see it. Then i watched and
wish i hadn't. Batman is barely in the suit. The fight sequences were
terrible. Slooooowwww. Not sure why this is rated so high but then
again you have people who cant go against what they like or love. This
is nothing compared to the second one as many know. Bane was....weak.
his voice was a little odd and batmans voice is annoying as ever. Not
sure where Joseph levitt gordon came from. Catwoman was a waste of a
character. All the action was shown in the previews. If they ever
decide to make another batman film, i hope its 100 percent better then
this. Christopher Nolan is one of the best directors but this has to be
one of his worse. Im sure many would disagree with this review but its
the truth
			
It's no secret I'm dismissive of Nolans Batman. To me, he is to
realistic and, taken out of context (or costume) he is no superhero-in
essence, they are superhero films by name only. Batman Begins was dull,
but TDK was a solid film that was a fine addition to the batman film
universe. So how does this film hold up?To be honest, it's pretty crapTo cut to the chase, lets talk about our cast and characters. Christen
Bale is boring in this film. Bruce Wayne isn't compelling in the way
Tony Stark or Peter Parker are. I say this because in this film, Batman
is in it for 33 minutes. It's mostly Bale being quite wooden, which is
shame as I remember him in American Psycho being interesting. I can't
say much about his batman other then what's been said all ready-yes, I
can't understand that voice. His costume again looks like greens
goblins with spiderman-only the expression coming from bale is less
expressive.Bane was bad. Gone is the superhuman powered by chemicals with a
distinctive mask, replaced with our buffed up Joker wannabe-AKA "a
villain who has something to say about our society." He's not engaging
as he does long gloats like he's the new Josef Stalin-lame. The voice
Tom Hardy does sounds like a dodgy crossover between Sean Connery, Jim
Carrey from the Grinch and sheogorath. It's also incredibly hard to
understand, and scenes with Bane speaking to batman are very difficult
to understand because of the voices. I don't get how comic book fans
criticise the Batman and robin bane yet praise this one. Sure that one
was stupid but he at least had the characters backstory and basic
appearance. At he end with a big plot twist, his motivations suddenly
make no sense (he protects a young Talia but lets thousands of kids
presumably parent less or dead in his takeover of the city?)he comes
across as a mere henchman and is shot by catwomen. At worst batmans no
gun rule is illogical, but if he can use his brains to defeat the bad
guy, its OK. If batman had shot bane at the beginning of the whole
thing he might not have lost his money, saved lots of lives, not be
beaten to a pulp and not have to live in hiding. Hes pretty crap and
not a faithful adaptation at all. The costume designers got a modern day catwomen right, and Anne
Hathaway did a fine job in the role. However I don't know if shes a
villain, antihero, hero? At least we knew she was a villain in Batman
Returns and a (very VERY lame) hero in Catwomen. I blame Nolans writing
more than anything else though. Oh, and Hathaway is damn fine in this. Lots of new characters are here along with the old. I swear Joseph
Gordon Levitts character was written in just because they hired the
guy- and set up a squeal to the "final chapter" of this series. Also
how the hell did he know who batman is? Just because? Again, more bad
script writing. Gary Oldman bring presence but hes not got much meat to
chew into-and his characters decision to send all cops into the sewer
is one of the worst pieces of script writing ever. Morgan Freeman and
Micheal Caine are wasted here and and could've been edited out of the
movie. Marion Cotillard is bland and her character makes no sense-she
is introduced as a villain and dies 10 minutes later. Payoff, who needs
that?The story is so bad-full of clichs, lazy writing and making references
to modern day conflicts and terrorist to make it look clever. After the
realistic stylings of TDK this throws any realism out of the window. If
a terrorist like Bane was under the sewer, than shouldn't Gordon at
least notify the government? If Bin laden was seen hiding in New York
the Americans would have sent special forces or something. Also I
highly doubt that the plane opening would happen-the CIA have radars
that could detect a plane that big and would have identified the
prisoners by removing the bags before going into the air. Batmans back
can't repair itself like that in real life, and he would've been
incinerated by the bomb. Also Gotham would have been hit by the
radioactive fallout-thanks for "saving" the day. The script is full of
nitpicks that all add up to plot holes. The realism is abandoned for
illogical plot convenience- at least Iron Man 3, the least realistic in
its series of films, put in a comic book world to explain certain plot
elements. Removing banes super strength to make him more realistic but
having huge gaps in realism mean that the excuse "its a comic book
movie" redundant. The film is boring with horrible pacing problems,
having stupid or underdeveloped characters and clunky dialogue that
only serves as exposition means this is Nolans worst script ever. The
action is boring and half hearted, with clumsy fight scenes littered
throughout.Gotham isn't the dark, slightly warped city of the comics any more but
the a bland version of new york-again, the modern world aspect of these
films means it's not memorable in the way Tim Burtons batman films
were. The music is pretty bad, just being loud strings in the
background-no tune to hum to along with no tension or emotion.Is this film worse that Batman and Robin? No. Its certainly bloated and
boring, but not the cinematic train wreck the B&R is. However while
batman & robin can be entertaining because it's bad (evident in it's
camp tone) this is a chore to sit through. Its boring, has a stupid
script and having very little of it's protagonist in this final
instalment, it's a horrible sequel to TDK ,one of the worst entries in
batman media and a dull and plain awful "cinematic" experience
altogether.
			
I didn't have too high expectations for this 3rd installment. I knew it
can't be better than the Dark Knight. But I couldn't believe how bad it
was. So many terrible plot issues and stupidity throughout the movie.1. Bane sucks as villain, no real character development (and anything
you thought you knew about him turns out to be about Talia anyway in
the end). Just a thug with a mask and big voice. No explanation of how
he recruits his mercenaries and why they would die for him.2. All cops going into the sewers because that is such a great idea. 3. Batman's stupid helicopter thingy. Too big and seemingly slow, but
easily can evade missiles and of course no one would notice it sitting
on a building roof for months.4. The US Army will just sit around on their a$$es not for days, but
for months -- because Bane said so. Oh we don't negotiate with
terrorists (but we have a "deal").5. The joke well/prison where there is supposed to be no light, but
actually sunlight streaming through to help with the filming all the
time. And btw, there is no lack of food or healers down there. No
siree. Plus there is a nice coiled rope left up top just to help rest
of the prisoners escape in case someone got out. How convenient.6. Bruce sleeping with Talia. I guess that's OK.7. And laughable tactics of the police in the "war" -- just walking up
to the armed mercenaries to engage in hand-to-hand combat.8. Plus many more I won't list here because you will be so bored if you
end up watching the movie, so you can have something to do. What I don't understand are these rave reviews and 8.7 rating on IMDb
as of this writing. I really have to wonder if these are fake/paid
reviews designed to lure more people into buying/renting the DVD. An
entirely avoidable movie -- you will not miss anything (and in fact
will save yourself 3 hrs of your life).
			
I have seen "bad". And I have seen "bad" with budget. This is "bad"
with budget with wrong subliminal messages pasted all over. The 8.8
review on IMDb only reflects the affection that people have for their
superheroes. They went beyond the temporary suspension of disbelief
because they WANTED to like this movie. It was supposed to be the
apotheosis of the first two franchises. The fact that Master Nolan
wrote it made it sacred, and any attempt to criticize was deemed to be
blasphemy. Well think again. Batman's villains are supposed to be
highly unconventional: a Penguin, a Riddler, Two-Faces, a deadly
Clown... they contrast nicely with an improbable black-clad avenger
with pointy mask-ears, deadly toys and a cape. Those villains are what
makes an improbable universe coherent and believable for a little
while. Batman's fight against evildoers even produces a kind of simple
ethical personal questioning about good and evil.And apart from the many naive incongruities in police operational
procedures, and villain rhetoric, consider how lame and unimaginative
it is to confront a pathetic older superhero barely able to move, much
less fight, with terrorists/nuclear threat, the terror hype of 21st
century America? Don't you see, Mr Nolan, that these to worlds are
unrelated? That they make both unbelievable on screen? Making last
minute links with older foes and female-heir villain twists will most
definitely not make a good story, it will only show waning creativity.
With this movie you have debased the Batman legend Mr Nolan. Instead of
remembering him as a superhero, we'll all remember him as a diminished,
last-gambit, risk-it-all old man that succeeded to save the day only
because heroes don't die before delivering (at least in American
cinema).
			
I did not see this movie in films so when I saw it later on DVD I was
hyped to no end to finally be able to watch it. Man was I disappointed.
I will keep spoilers to a minimum for anyone who still wants to watch
it but I will say the fighting scenes are just awkward punches even
though Batman and Bane both know martial arts. Bruce doesn't even dress
up as Batman until 45 minutes into the movie. There are so many plot
holes you could make a drinking game out of it and some people already
have. Also, Banes voice is a joke. I just want to laugh at it all day.
That is why this deserves a 2/10 star rating in my opinion. If you are
a fan of pointless,awkward fighting scenes then this is your movie.
			
This review will have spoilers.First off I loved the first two movies of the series. I like the second
movie better but the first was also a welcomed gem. Now we're talking
about the 3rd movie here and it is a stinker. I almost didn't believe
that Nolan directed it and I wondered what the heck happened to Nolan?Why would he allow such an awful movie and here is the reason he did:According to an interview with David Goyer (an awesome writer who
worked on this project) him and Nolan got "stuck" halfway through the
movie with plot devices and concepts because so many elements were
involved in the movie. So Nolan told him to take 2 weeks off to clear
his head. In those two weeks Goyer came up with the idea and story for
"Man of Steel", the Superman movie coming out soon. Goyer showed Nolan
the idea and Nolan loved it. After that Nolan and Goyer pretty much put
The Dark Knight Rises on autopilot and worked on Superman because they
knew The Dark Knight Rises it would be a money maker regardless of the
piece of trash it ended up being.Now the movie itself is trash but Nolan fan boys are being fan boys and
eating it up for some reason. I can picture Nolan and Goyer laughing
their butts off about that fact. So basically all positive reviews of
Dark Knight Rises come from Nolan fan boys or from critics/media people
that want to work with Nolan in the future. The rest of us however are
not afraid to call this movie what it is, which is an abomination.So finally my review:The reason I gave this film 2 stars is because the last 15 minutes of
the movie was good...or had good enough action and because the acting
in the movie was solid. It is a shame that such good acting was wasted
on this movie. What is wrong with the movie you ask? Almost everything;
the plot is easy to understand but so stuffed with details upon of
details that are just there to cover plot-holes that are almost
unbearable and translate in to a movie that is mostly talking. Talking
about plot devices that are only there to push the movie along. Plot
devices need to be in a movie for character growth or major themes or
something other than pushing the movie along. So basically this movie
was just a bunch of outstanding actors standing around talking about
stuff. Talking about stuff you frankly wouldn't give a penny about if
it wasn't for just movie the plot along. MAYBE if it was a 8 hour movie
then this could have been better because it would give people the
chance to care about the characters, plot, themes and etc. I hope Nolan
learns from this mistake because it KILLED this movie. That is why I am
so upset with the fact that people try to defend this movie! Please
don't do that! Nolan has to learn from his mistakes.Lets talk about Bane. Bane played by that guy from Inception (he is
also playing Mad Max in the upcoming remake....oh boy..), Bane was the
guy that broke Batman's back into comics and you would expect him to be
a badass in the movie but that was not the case. I felt like I could
have kicked his ass (in fact I really wanted to about 40 minutes into
the movie.) He wasn't believable as a badass. He didn't look the part
and (maybe because of the mask?) he didn't act the part. Another thing
about Bane is that everyone seemed to know who he was before he even
set foot in the city. I am not just talking about the FBI; I mean
literally everyone one! The cops, Alfred, school kids, random old
people..omg I hate this movie so much..Lets talk about all the mistakes... or lets not because this review is
already long. Let us just say there were so many basic mistakes like
magical knee braces, easy to fix protruding spinal discs, magical ice
and so many others. The problem was that this movie was frankly so
BORING that you notice every single mistake.Lets talk about Alfred. He left Bruce. Umm...yeah... Wait, wait.. lets
examine this. Basically they needed a way to get rid of him while
Batman was taken by Bane (revenge of the plot device!)Yeah this movie sucked. I could write a book about all the problems
with this movie.By the way this movie sucked. If you were lucky enough not to have seen
it then wait for it to come out on TNT. Don't even watch it on HBO
because you'll need the commercials. I am not kidding I wish I had the
commercials during this piece of..
			
this movie was a big mistake. in so many ways. where was batman ? i
almost didn't see him except for a very few times during the long
almost 3 hours. and finally when you see him , he got beaten up ,
thrown away , broke in half , got tired , felt down, lost his voice,
loose during fighting, got thrown in some jail , got confused , about
crying when he was down. locked up , deceived, etc etc etc. nice nice
nice ... NOT.the villain had an irritating voice of a very old and wise university
professor , and even when he was standing away 50 feet, it sounded like
he was talking right in your ear. is that genius or what ? i say bad
job mister sound guy... he looked kind of stupid with that thing on his
mouth, but i guess the movie makers had to come up with something
original. it also seems this story had nothing to do with the original
batman except for his cape , in that case they would have better came
up with a new character . and leave batman for the fans. it is like
blending seriously spider man or iron man in a scary movie script. a
few might appreciate the humor, but it is kind of inappropriate.lets be honest , there were a few good parts interesting to see as well
, but didn't save the crap . still waisted my time. i would not have
miss anything by not seeing this movie. . and next time make sure
batman fans are involved in the production.not just some big shot
producer who doesn't care about whatever , just for the bucks. i say it
didn't work out , despite the enormous financial success. it was the
hype that did it , and batman's good name. i am not specific a batman
fan , i just wanted to see a good movie. oh by the way , the end was kind of cheap as well. i started to dislike
everything in this movie. 2 stars because i didn't turn it off halfway...(hoping for better).
			
I wasted $15 because of the hype. IMDb users rate this a 9? Well, I did
like the motorcycle. The rest of the CG was boring.The plot? I could complain that the villain Bane sounded like Darth
Vader and I couldn't understand 50% of what he said. Same thing for
Batman's 'disguised' voice. With loud music accompanying all the
dialog, It was like listening to a French flick without subtitles, but
that didn't really matter because it all boiled down to some bad guys
whose presence in Gotham's sewers I don't understand, vs some good guys
who had trouble getting along with each other.Shoot, punch, etc. All ordinary and nothing you haven't seen countless
times. It dragged on so long, trying to give personality to action
figures, that I started to concentrate on the absurdity of all the
separate things going on, as each scene seems impossibly illogical and
ridiculous if you stop and think about what is happening.Darn, that 2 movies in a row I should not have paid to see. The other
was TED.
			
CONTAINS SOME SPOILERS, BUT YOU SHOULD NOT REALLY CARE.I rarely write reviews - but after watching the over-hyped brainwash
epically named The dark knight rises - i felt compelled to do so.Beware this movie was dreadful in every single sense possible. Besides,
it shattered an image of Christopher Nolan as such an outstanding
director for me personally.1. Story This movie is a painful attempt to compress a ridiculously
long story into a three hour running time. The basic idea to do so is a
surefire way to failure. TDKR consists of a thousand cleverly mixed
bits and pieces, which make the plot running, but at what price ?
Pathetic plot holes covered with computer effects and glazed in
"epic-ness", shallow characters, lack of logic, clich dialogs (to say
the least). 2. Characters Where they came from? Who they are? Their motives? Their
feelings? Their beliefs? You see nothing. Only hints. How do they
communicate? They exchange clichs and aphorisms. Gets on your nerves
after watching half of the movie. Most reviews say that Catwoman was
pretty good and believable, well, i just personally, do not stand women
kicking ass - it's men prerogative.3. Batman Batman is not a Batman in it's traditional sense. Wayne
overcomes eight-year depression in a couple of days and (wow!) he still
is in great physical shape - and without any special preparation turns
into a commando. He overcomes all the difficulties, out-plays the
police, the military, the whole country, beats the bastards, rides the
cool battleship - and saves the WORLD!4. Villain & the threat Bane visually was quite impressive, despite the
weird voice, yet the context in which he was put completely diminished
the power of a character. He safely lives under the city in the sewage,
training a giant army ? I mean, one professionally trained police squad
could stop him in real life. He walks around as if police snipers do
not exist - just imagine him walking out on the stadium field in real
life. Next moment you know it - head shot. Well, script writers thought
otherwise. A reactor, which could be used as an atomic bomb? Built
right under the center of the city? Oh, c'mon - how stupid is that? You
can make an epic movie without a pretension for apocalypse. Miranda ?
Who the hell is she - she appears a couple of times on screen and in
the end turns to be the head of the whole operation. And what happened
to the police ? Giant town is guarded by just a bunch (it is said 3000
people, but looks like no more than 50 or 100) of disorganized cops.
Military guys looked even more pathetic.5. Emotions Movie tries to manipulate audience to experience certain
emotions, but fails with the only exception - it really makes you tense
at times. Romantic story between Miranda and Wayne looks more like a
cold one-night stand. Sadness and parental love coming from Alfred
towards Wayne seem so forced - i persuaded myself to believe it.
Robin's background is not entirely explored and doesn't provoke that
much empathy as the director probably have expected.6. Music I don't know who's responsibility is that - i believe an extra
sound engineer for a movie would do the trick - the never-ending music
just drowned out the voice all the time. With all the respect to Hans
Zimmer, the accompaniment would suit a medieval battle movie much
better.7. The "Epicness" Everything in this movie, starting from the setting
and going up to the music is so overly EPIC - it just becomes plain
boring after the second hour. Movie tries so hard to exceed all the expectations - it just becomes
obvious. I would rate it two out of ten, just for the attempt and the
amount of work involved into it's creation. Do not believe the hype!
			
Nolan is a genius, from what I have seen of him. Inception is a damn
fine masterwork .Interstellar , Batman Begins and The Dark Knight are
fine works by him. I always questioned myself "Well, He doesn't make
any bad film, does he?" Then I saw this film. This film is what you get
if you mix a sh*tload of Michael Bay stuff, some random quotes,
melodrama and Christian "throat-cancer" Bale in a costume. It feels
like Nolan was too high when he was making this film. He includes all
kinds of nonsense like - Anne Hathaway trying to be sexy with bunny
ears or whatever is that sh*t. Everyone flockering around Wayne.
Cotillard trying to save her grace under this crappy Nolan direction .
And failing . And finally Morgan Freeman not narrating anything to save
the film. Like anything could have saved this steaming pile of crap
from becoming gold.This film is god awful.God knows how this is in Top 250 list here and not Bottom 100 list.2/10 because . okay . Its soundtrack is good . Its poster is cool too.
But that is it. Did not expect this crap from Nolan.Really disappointed.At least he followed by Interstellar, which I liked well enough. This
movie would not stop me from looking forward to Dunkirk.
			
This is just Hollywood communist, big government propaganda. Admittedly
the craft of the film is beautifully done and it deserves an eight at
least for that. But enough of the psychobabble communism and socialism
coming from Hollywood, please. Two stars.What is scary is that so many adult males identify with "Batman." That
is scarier than the joker, if you ask me.What really makes me wonder about Hollywood is that they could be doing
so much more that rehashing old ideas with new film techniques.I think the fact that Hollywood is really just a socialist, communist,
big government propaganda machine constricts them from making real art
anymore.
			
It should've been Bullshit.Mr. Nolan honestly, your trilogy is 'the Bullshit Begins', 'the
Bullshit' and now 'the Bullshit rises'.Enough has been said already so I'll not continue because I hope Tim
Burton's hired pack of ninjas already know where you live and are out
to get you anytime now.The one single thought which The Dark Knight Rises has provoked:There was one way to totally save the movie and make it awesome. Batman
flies his super space-ship with the nuke tied to it into the ocean, but
just as he's about to close his eyes and finally die he looks down and
sees a flock of ducks swimming in the water underneath him. Batman
don't drop a bomb on no ducks! He flies into a safer spot and explodes.
This Mr. Nolan would've proved you'd actually seen some batman before
taking money for the atrocities you made us all watch.Thank you. Please don't make the next one four hours long. Pretty
please.
			
I'm pretty surprised at all the good reviews because this movie was
REALLY boring, so boring that we never made it to the end.First there's Batman complaining, in a boring way, that he's been
picked on and his knees and everything else hurts because there's no
cartilage left. It must've been psychosomatic because he seems to be
completely cured shortly after - or maybe he was taking tons of
Percocet, and he's boring because he's stoned. The Batman guy comes
across as an accountant, not a super hero.So we fast-forward until there's some semblance of action instead of
people standing around talking, and come to a fight scene with all the
action of junior-high kids insulting each other and having a shoving
match. No wonder Catwoman looks so bored as she watches. The Batman guy
continues to come across as an accountant, an accountant getting shoved
around by a pudgy guy with a speech impediment, apparently due to his
dry lips or something, perhaps because he's wearing a muzzle. Probably
because he bites.Then some other stuff happened - probably more complaining and shoving
- but we missed it.
			
Spoilers... Way big ones. It is Abundantly clear that Nolan did Not want to make this picture in
the worst way. Everything points to a first draft script that he
scribbled off on the back of a napkin and ran with it right up to
shooting......Let us review the two main characters: BatMan: The Great Detective gets robbed of his fingerprints but he
can't summon the will or mental capacity to realize (or care) that
someone is about to attempt identity theft... of a very rich man....
using an authentication system requiring his fingerprints........
Perhaps it's just some EBay fad - "Fingerprints of the Rich and Famous"
...or a scavenger hunt!The Great Detective has retired and is pining for Rachael, a throw-away
character with absolutely no chemistry who couldn't manage to love him
once she discovered his identity and could no longer critique his
wastrel life-style (lost her nagging rights).But then.... Lightning strikes and he finds a woman he can Really bond
with (well....she's alive for one thing and that's a plus).... but she
betrays him repeatedly (helps destroy his company, hands him over to a
psychotic killer with a brutal penchant for inane patter).. but Hey!
She's funny and hates the rich and he hates himself (so they've got
That going for them).And yet, complications arise. .. But then lightning strikes Twice and
there's the cool, sexy business woman. Surely Here, at last he can find
true love (and won't have to keep checking for his wallet-
Bonus!)...... but she turns out to be an evil mastermind of ......
evilness...... dedicated to ..... killing everyone because daddy didn't
love her and Bruce killed daddy and ....um......Evil must be served!
(or whatever)So here we have the Great Detective and he is (as best I can determine)
a battered spouse/significant other looking for love with the wrong bad
girl ....who ultimately disappoints (see "tries to nuke everyone") and,
in the end, forces him back into the arms of betrayal girl because, at
the end of the day, when your second choice for main squeeze embraces
nuclear Armageddon, are a few betrayals Really that
important?.....gives you perspective!And Hey! She blew that Bane dude totally away by...... pointing a gun
at him and shooting him. Wow! Aside from being devoid of a nuclear
death wish, she's Super smart too.... Who would have imagined that Bane
had a secret vulnerability to bullets?! "Wait!" you say. "Foul!" you
say. Dead Man switch thing! You can't shoot him or the reactor-bomb
will go off..... although betrayal girl Did soot him dead...and
all....or maybe they should have just gone after the bomb First......
or something.So.... Bruce/Bats was a bit of a let-down - Dense as a post,
Self-Loathing, Indifferent to his corporate responsibilities (and he
Does so love crushing responsibilities!), Crippled (until evil jail doc
discovers a cool method of fixing compound fractures of the spine.....
The Push and Pop Method.....Damn! Alert the AMA! Next stop: magical
Knee Braces!..... oh wait! Apparently someone already invented that.But I digress....Bane: Well......What Can you say?... a steroid juicing Shakespearean
actor wannabe with a speech impediment stuck to his face saddled with a
strange compulsion to find the most hideously convoluted way do
anything he sets his mind to.Let's look at the tape:How to recapture a scientist and make the CIA believe he's dead:Annoyingly Boring Method: As one (clearly) has weeks to train aerial
acrobats, one could stake out the landing field with snipers and shoot
the pilot and all the CIA guys, take the scientist and put CIA dudes
and scientist stand-in on the plane, fly same over deep water and bail
out.Really, Really Cool Method: First watch Stallone's Cliffhanger movie
for the Military Cargo aircraft latches on to Gov't plane and takes
people/stuff off the aircraft in mid-air scene (complete with inside
man). Remove all credibility from the sequence. Rehash same and create
Bane's Flying Circus. Then cross fingers and hope CIA dudes don't
notice plane at crash site doesn't have any wings....anywhere within
miles.How to put bogus trades through the Stock Exchange systems:Annoyingly Boring Method: Bribe a broker and have him plug in and turn
on your laptop with the trading programs on it. Kill broker after the
fact. (But seriously, who'd buy tickets to see that! Plug/Switch
on/Program runs/Cut to next Scene  Yikes! You'd cut 10 minutes out of
the movie that way and have virtually nothing left to fill out the 90
minute.... um....120 min.....um..... 150....) Whatever! Boring!Really, Really Cool Method: Storm a secured building in the downtown
section of the city, Shoot up the Exchange. Plug in laptop to run
programs. Hope that the Exchange, alerted that it has been Way
compromised, does not suspend trading and back out any suspicious
trades..... it would also be helpful if everyone at Wayne Enterprises
were on vacation and didn't notice hundreds of trade confirms.... Ooh!
Hey! But Talia could have intercepted them or something... But then she
could have put the trades through herself without being detected if she
could do that....so.....maybe not so cool.Too late for brevity, but there is SO much else that one could have
played with: Hollywood Fusion reactors that become Fusion bombs if you
tweak them, Helicopters that are covered over the top (andstill fly),
Magic Dent laws that allow the keystone cops to pacify an entire
(Chicago-type) city with only 3000 men (try 12,000 for Chicago) and yet
Not notice a Commando/homeless person army, Fantastic leaps of
motivational logic, etc, etc.My best guess, failing the Napkin Draft theory, is that Nolan was
channeling Andy Warhol whose body of work may be summed up with the
philosophy "With the right marketing, you can sell anything."Still... Great Cinematography! Gold star for that! (That would be Two
stars then.)
			
I'm only giving this 3 stars because of the ensemble of actors, and
that's about the only good thing about the movie! The idea that Nolan
wants to set this in a realistic world just doesn't work for a
character such as Batman. I thought the Gothic and fantasy feel of the
comics and the old Batman movies were better..a sort of unrealistic
fantasy world where weird characters exist. There's no way in real life
a viglante would dress up as a bat and jump on roof tops at night. The
only good bit of the entire trilogy that worked for me was in Begins
where he met Gordon for the first time in his office and was he didn't
have the cape. He was more believable. Anyway that's another story! For
me this movie is just boring and very weak, and as usual, crappy
dialogue and VERY rubbish editing spoiled it like in the rest of the
series, and also a lot of inconsistencies....horrible plot holes you'd
expect a newbie director to make(no offence) but not the Oscar worthy
Nolan. I am just glad his run for the Bat is over, and can't wait to
see what another director will offer. And Bane's death was a joke. It
should have been a fight to the death with Batman and he beats him to a
pulp. Serena's involvement killed it for me. And that Bat costume?
Total crap!
			
I thought I was alone in finding this film almost impossible to follow
(not because of an intricate plot) and almost as impossible to
understand the actual words. So, I came on IMDb and read some of the
reviews. I'm astounded it has 8.6 out of 10!!!! I've never left a
review on here before, but I've just sat through a film that is over
2.5 hours long and I'll never claw that time back! I know I know,
writing a review means MORE time spent. But honestly, what a load of
nonsense. I don't know where to begin with the very jumpy story line (what the
hey were we shown the scene in the aircraft with a guy having his blood
taken out of him for?!! I still have NO idea what that huge opening
scene was all about?), the mad time jumps, the inexplainable lines from
some of the key actors - why would Miranda want to honor the father she
wanted dead? Why would an army of police, when finally escaped from the
tunnels - go in for the attack almost entirely weaponless?!!!You hardly see Batman. I mean REALLY hardly see him. The way some of
the film is shot is so poor, the fight scenes between everyone else in
the world (even CatWOMAN, who is a girl!!) are intense and pack a punch
- but the ones between Blane and Batman look utterly ludicrous, like
they are hitting mannequins! I'm all for immersing myself in a film and getting carried away with
the action, but I couldn't do that with this, it made no sense 80% of
the time. Literally no sense. The scene near the end where a certain
person stabs a certain superhero (or at least I thought he was), had me
utterly confused as to why she had it in for Batman, were we shown any
reasons why that might be?!!Confused, annoyed and not into Batman anymore. I only wanted to watch
it to see Wollaton Hall, wished I'd stopped at the first sighting. I still don't get the plane scene?! If I didn't care about wasting my
life - I'd make myself watch it all over again, to see if it made more
sense.....
			
This is not so much a comment as it is a letter to the Nolan brothers
for whom I will choose to keep respecting albeit them having stolen
almost 3 hours of my life and replaced them with over sized crap.I was incredibly motivated to watch Batman Begins (although I was not a
fan of the "original" Batman movies) simply due to the fact that Nolan
and Bale had grabbed hold of the project. I was not disappointed. Then
the Dark Knight came up, and I was absolutely blown away. I decided
then to keep some distance from TDKR so as to prevent it disappointing
me, and now.. I just wish I had erased from my mind that this movie
even existed.Mr. Nolan, I want my money back. The movie was an unbelievable shower
of trailers at a nauseating speed and absolutely no regard for
storytelling. The interpretations might be flawless but are as well a
victim of this absolute rubbish screenplay which left me gasping for
air after repeatedly having attempted to choke in my own vomit.Dear sir Mr. Nolan, this is misbehaving.
			
I don't understand how this movie can be liked. It is a hodgepodge of
relatively mediocre special effects, standard film clich, sub-par
acting, with an awkward and predictable plot. The only unpredictable part of the film is it's piecemeal nature:
almost every character begins as one standard Hollywood persona and
without motive changes to another equally clich person at least once
during the film. One can never know what is going to happen next since
the sequence of events is only a random permutation of rote super-hero
movie themes and events. The only certainty is that the next event in
the chain will be as unimaginative and overused as the last. The sound quality is terrible (it is impossible to understand the
villain or Batman at several points) and the continuity of the film is
awkward as the first hour or so covers plot over some weeks and the
last hour covers the events over some months without indication. The finale of the film is most disappointing of as the film descends in
the realm of utter clich, even corniness. The slightly surprising
twist which is thrown in is once again completely non-sequitur and
seemed to be thrown in as a cheap afterthought to give an illusion of
depth to the movie. Of course what is one to expect when the villains
are nothing but inexplicable anarchists with unclear motives other than
a random desire to blow up the world. They are completely unrealistic
as characters, as are the heroes. Strong points of the film include Bane's voice (which though
undecipherable is powerfully creepy), and a tastefully low use of
special effects. This film is not a special effects orgy; the viewer is
unfortunately confined to derive enjoyment from the plot.
			
I am not going to give anything away here other then the fact that this
is the worst movie of the trilogy. I went into this experience so
wanting this to be a great movie. I really did. Needless to say my
hopes were burnt to a crisp like the first Wayne Manor.Aside from major plot holes and choices to leave out a lot of back
story about main characters who now have new, unexplained
idiosyncrasies, The whole story was told without any kind of time-line
or rules at all. The rules about physics and the amount of power a
human can have and others, just kind of got made up as the story
progressed. Furthermore, I saw this at the ArcLight in Hollywood. A
place known for it's great sound system and I could barely make out
anything that Bain was saying because it sounded like Sean Connery
speaking through a sub-woofer.The acting was SOOO bad by Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Anne Hathaway it's
almost like they had no idea how bad they sounded or looked and Nolan
just decided not to tell then about it. Gordon-Levitt is normally a
great actor. I like that kid in pretty much anything he does, but
watching him in this movie was torture, bad lines, horrible delivery. I
would give anything to watch the movie while sitting next to him just
to observe how he reacts to his own acting. I don't blame him, I blame
Nolan. If you're going to introduce new lead characters into the story,
at least give us a little insight as to where they've been or why they
are the way they are.I'll just say that after sitting through the whole movie, I was
reluctant but nevertheless satisfied with the more then obvious ending
which was explained but did not need to be at all. It made me think
about it for about a half an hour before I decided to not like it,
whereas up to the very end, I was really angry about how I got duped
into sitting through the whole movie up to that point.
			
After spending the first part of the day rewatching two of my
favourites, Batman Begins and then The Dark Knight, we rushed to get
comfortable in our seats and watch the 'conclusion' to Christopher
Nolan's Batman series. My friends and I had high hopes and formidable
confidence that the director would not let us down. Forty odd minutes
in I knew something must be wrong. I was not enjoying the film. What
was wrong with me? Over an hour passed and I still hadn't swallowed the
pill that countless others had. It wasn't me; it was in fact the story.
Or questioning lack of. Epic? Maybe in scale of extra's, explosions,
soundtrack and length. Einstein's theory of relativity on excellent
display here. I really could not wait for it to end. Then it did. For a
moment anyway before it pushed up the Return of the King gear and
overstayed its encore.Story, that which is so paramount in the first two of Nolan's take on
Batman was lost completely in some terrible dialogue and loud
explosions. I'm trying hard here not to put any direct spoilers in and
ruin it for those yet to see the film, so you will obviously make up
your own mind and really be disappointed like myself or see The
Emperor's New Clothes.Minor characters from the first two films are either quickly pushed
aside or ignored completely. One character in particular, one for the
audience to connect with and our moral compass is lost to one half of
the film. Greatly missed.Catwoman, beautiful and well enough portrayed by Anne Hathaway with
what little story there was to work with, why was she there? The part
could have easy been filled by any number of Banes associates be it the
brains that pay him to be a thug or the brawlers who worship him.As for Bane, portrayed with such exuberance by Tom Hardy was the high
point of the piece. I really enjoyed all his scenes and interactions
with Batman. It's hard to find an actor who can convey so much through
just with his eyes; Tom Hardy manages it with ease, giving a realistic
frightening performance that demands attention.Again, I don't want to put any spoilers in so I'll wrap it up here. If
you wanted to see an intelligent, thought provoking story in the ilk of
the first two films you will be disappointed. Story and structure are
forgotten and replaced with Michael Bay explosions and loud bangs. I
have no problem against such films; I just didn't expect to find it
here. I was bored and extremely disappointed, for me, there will only
be the first two films. This will fall into the abyss with Die Hard 4.0
and Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull. Oh, and Robocop 3.
			
What the hell is wrong with people these days? Why does every
impersonal, clich, unremarkable movie instantly gets in the top 250?
Let alone the top 10? I was rather entertained with the two previous
movies, mainly thanks to Liam Nesson and Heath Ledger who are fantastic
actors. Overrated movies in my opinion, but good enough movies. But
there's nothing to save this movie from Nolan's lack of talent this
timeHere are the flaws already present in the previous movie that have not
been corrected, or got even worse:-Batman's grunting, worse than ever. Jesus Christ you would think after
all the mockery that's been done about it, he would at least try to
improve that part a bit, but no it's actually more ridiculous than
ever. - The music is omnipresent during the whole movie. It goes
basically "tchac boum tchac" for all the movie, including the dialogue
scenes. horrible artistic choice. - The action scenes, dull as hell.
How can anyone fin this 'spectacular' is beyond me: there's no tension,
intensity or drama in all of them. Nolan had too big a budget and
decided to blow stuff up just for the hell of it.But there are new flaws as well! - The villain's motivations, which was
what made the previous film interesting, are just completely
incoherent! I won't say much more not to spoil anything, but believe me
you just spend the whole movie asking yourself: why? why do this? - The
villain himself. Without spoiling anything, let's just say all his
back-story and charisma is destroyed by one silly, silly twist. - The
villains' deaths have to be the most underwhelming I've ever seen. -
The references about the current economic crisis: awwww look at these
evil traders getting pointed a gun at, didn't they totally deserve it?
Yawn. - The love interest. Wayne just randomly has sex with a woman
he's barely met. Why? no idea.Overall this movie is dull as hell, and while I can see why people
would like the first two movies, there really is nothing to save in
that one.
			
......but I just found out that I'm not.This entire movie could have been told in 85 min, including all the
action scenes at the end. For some reason it was stretched out into
almost 3 hours of tedious boredom.Now I realize that a movie has certain liberties with reality, even
more so, a comic book movie, but this one takes the cake. An unrisen
one at that. I won't say what as to not spoil the spoilers. Watch only
if you have a lot of free time. Better yet, stretch it out over the
course of a few weeks. Might not insult your intelligence as much as
watching it straight through.Please NO MORE Batman movies. Thank you.As a footnote, after almost three hours of listening to the voices of
both Batman and Bane I have had to seek therapy. Who do I sue?I would have only gave it a one, but decided on two to show that I can
be generous and forgiving to all the flaws in this film.
			
Having watched and largely enjoyed this films' predecessor and having
seen the very positive reactions from members of the public,including
some of my friends, I was looking forward to this film.Well,given this
is a style of film making I rarely engage with my expectations were not
great but still,ultimately,disappointed.The characters were paper thin
largely conveyed by dialogue consisting of stock phrases and outright
clich.The development of the plot,such as it was,hardly mattered among
the movements of the main characters and was as equally thin as the
banal dialogue.the plot moved in its inevitable fashion to the end that
was telegraphed so badly it could have been written by a child.This
weak development of the plot was further hampered by the staccato style
of motion which introduced numerous elements with no seeming
relationship to each other only that they move the film to its
conclusion.frankly most of this was unbelievable.The scene where Wayne
and Alfred disagree with each other and Alfred leaves is a prime
example of this.We are asked to believe that these two men who have
known each other for so many years would end that relationship in the
course of a facile conversation lasting little more than two
minutes-ridiculous.this scene does what it was intended to do-move the
film on to the next scene.the fact that the characters are like paper
cut outs is incidental.The scene where the bomb is about to blow and
Batman and catwoman are standing talking-thats what you would do when
faced with an immanent nuclear explosion-she kisses him.Ohh boy.thats
new.It is,though,a required element of a particular kind of film-big
budget American "movies".Werner Herzog once made the point that when he
is watching a film with a lot of movement he was watching an empty
film.that is pretty much the definition of films like this.The Dark
Knight was more than that but this film reverts to type.I know many
have enjoyed this film and thats great but I don't think history will
be so kind to it.Forgettable film flam.
			
Three questions I have to ask myself:Why? Why do I put myself through such torture as to watch this kind of
feeble mediocrity. A couple of years ago I posted a comment on The Dark
Knight, and if memory serves me right I grudgingly said it was just
about OK. Even then I was being charitable, but hey ho. With this one
however I only have myself to blame. I knew it would be pointless, but
still I went. Which adjective to choose? I want to say "portentous" but
that won't do. Describing something or someone as portentous, however
negatively meant, usually means that the target at least has something,
some behaviour, some expression, to be portentous about. To describe a
nullity like this movie as "portentous', well you might just as well
describe strawberry jelly in the same way. I could level criticism at
any character, at any plot point, but why bother. Suffice it to ask how
could something with so much sound, fury and action, be so glacially
slow? When Batman was in that silly prison, only good manners prevented
me from leaping out of my seat and crying "for God's sake climb up the
damn chimney you miserable ***** !"Second question; What? What do people actually see in this, what are
they taking out of it. The movie has garnered a lot of praise and a lot
of criticism (not helped by the terrible events in Colorado), but
everyone regardless of their stance, seems to take it seriously. Why?
What are they seeing that I am so patently not? It cannot be plot, it
cannot be acting, it can't really be the action and effects. So, what?Third question; When? When will I ever see another of these ludicrous
comic book movies that are being churned out, again? I can answer that
one. Never! (at least I hope so!)One last thought; compared to this "trilogy" the Tim Burton Batman was
a masterpiece; good plot, well structured, well acted (the two Jacks
and Keaton actually knew what they were doing) leavened with humour and
real wit, something this latest movie could sorely do with.The only conclusion I can come to about "The Dark Knight Rises" is that
in this dumbed down age it offers a offers a totally spurious and bogus
level of ersatz profundity and intellectualism that the audience, who
are used to no better, lap up and think is the real thing. But actual
entertainment (which movies like this are meant to deliver)? No way.
			
This formulaic idiocy could have been directed by Leni Riefenstahl, but
I do not believe that --in the end-- an intelligent filmmaker as Leni,
as Fascist as she was, would have admitted the absurdity of this
neo-Fascist script. Back in 2007, after I saw "Batman Begins" (2005), I
wrote that In future releases, we may finally know why Daffy Duck is
mean, learn of the dysfunctional family of Charlie Brown or discover
the psychological traumas suffered by Olive Oyl during her youth,
thanks to some filmmakers' urge to turn icons of popular culture (as
comic book heroes/heroines) into cinematic "human beings" resembling
old movies more than real life), and eventually into myths( of an
apocryphal North American saga. After five years, nothing has changed.
In their third bat-installment, the Nolan brothers still make a big
effort to convince us of the credibility or the potentiality of a tale
like this... But when somebody escapes from a prison of maximum
security, it seems rather weird that the first thing he does is wearing
a costume... A pity that "comic book" characters have lost the "comic"
element and become so dull, sour and psychotic, in the futile intent of
making them go through a formulaic "character development" process,
with epidermic psychology of tired melodramas of yesterday.
			
Basically if you like batman, and you like Bane(probably one of the
best batman villains ever) then don't watch this film. I gave it one
star initially because the fact that it was an 12A pretty much made all
fight scenes stupid with unnecessary fist fights when there should have
been guns. Why there was no montages to represent the passing of time
is completely beyond me, the scenes of survival in the city were the
best part and had the feel of batman no mans land, one of the best
batman stories. The only reason I bumped up my rating to two stars is
because Joseph Gordon-Levitt was brilliant and is by far the best
character in the film with easily the best and most coherent story line
of any characters, come on Joseph as the new Robin. Now lets move on to
the character of Bane, well, he looked brilliant, but unfortunately
sounded like a complete retard and for some reason has the loudest
voice in the world. And i could forgive all of this if he actually
broke the bat in front of his city instead of underground and shitty,
the whole point of bane is breaking the bat but instead he just blows
up a bloody football stadium. And for me the main redeeming feature was
Joseph again at the end obviously becoming Robin and Bruce Wayne being
alive. Basically if you haven't seen it, don't bother and if you have
also don't bother. Nolan you didn't nail the trilogy but you nailed the
first two....
			
I am a huge Batman fan and love the other two movies. But this one
sucks. The only good thing about it is Ann Hathaway. First most people
see this for the action scenes, but they are too few. In between them
are long boring useless talking scenes. This movie could have been an
hour shorter. Second the plot does not make sense, but who sees Batman
for the plot. Third everyone seems to know he is batman.*** spoiler alert ***Even worse everyone seems to be able to outsmart batman. He is supposed
to be a super hero with no superpowers, but he is supposed to be able
out smart the villains. He can be self destructive. He has bad moods,
but he is supposed to out smart the bad guys. It seems to me that after
the success of the last movie, Christopher Nolan got to do anything he
wanted to do, and every one needs an editor. The actions scenes are
good, but there are not enough of them. Instead it is filled with mind
numbing talk about batman's feelings. This is not a very good movie. No
wonder the website rottentomatos took down early comments.
			
Face it, the only reason anyone is seeing this movie is because the
last one was so good. This one is a huge disappointment in comparison.
Bane was not the Bane from the comics, which was fine as he was
reimagined to fit with the world of this trilogy, except that there was
nothing particularly interesting about him. He has no duality, no
depth, and no intensity. The plot was paper thin with holes big enough
to drive a bat mobile through. Most actions of the bad guys, with some
exceptions at the very beginning and very end, made no sense whatsoever
except to give time for the good guys to come back and save Gotham from
their vague idea of a plan. I kept waiting for Mr Incredible to pop up
and make a joke about catching Bane monologing again. The middle act
was a pointless return to the first movie where Bruce Wayne picks up
yet a couple of more mentors to help him find his way yet again while
the bad guys just sit around and wait for him to come back to ruin
their plan which they could have finished at any moment after the first
act. Catwoman was a bit out of place but was the only character
portrayed with any depth and they beat you over the head with it in the
repetitive dialog rather than let you observe the character evolve. OK,
the new cop was alright as well, but his character growth was a bit
forced. Scarecrow has yet another bit part like the second movie for
cameo effect. The tech was alright as they give a nice intro to "The
Bat" (-copter) but the exact timer on the unstable reactor was rather
dumb. The very end was sappy cute, but predictable.Did I forget to mention Batman, fight scenes, and special effects?
Well, there wasn't much of any of that, much worth mentioning anyways.
Batman makes very few limited appearances as the movie focuses on his
alter ego, and the fight scenes were few and lame. The special effects
were both good and bad. The good is that they were well done and
blended in with the reality of the movie very well. Bad in that there
was nothing particularly interesting done. Chase scenes were short and
simple, Gotham had little of the outlandishness of the first movie, and
the masked characters spent most of their screen time without a mask -
except Bane whose character had almost nothing done with the drug
dependency.In all fairness, it is really hard to top The Dark Knight, but this
doesn't even make a decent follow up. I'm starting to think that the
greatness of the second film was all do to Heath Ledger's acting talent
and nothing to do Nolan's directing. This movie also directly
contradicts the second on in how badly it portrays the people of Gotham
as completely selfish and the populous uprising was nothing but
criminals, whereas the second movie had Batman's faith in the common
man defeat the Joker's appeal to their selfishness, or how the second
one had the criminals realizing when things went too far, but this
movie made them mindless soldiers, or how the good cops in the second
movie struggled with the corruption within the police force where some
good cops went thuggish and even bad cops acted out of desperation
rather than malice whereas in this movie all cops are so shinny good
guys that even the most selfish moron on the force who puts his own
career ahead of protecting the people gets hero treatment. The gritty
lack of absolutes in any character that made the second movie so
noirishly interesting dramatically was largely lost in this final one.
			
Reading some of the positive reviews here I honestly feel like I
watched completely another movie the other night.The beginning was amazing, but after 20 minutes into a movie, things
got cheesy and boring. Lots of close ups, no plot, nothing new... The mask man was interesting for the first 5 minutes and became just
plain annoying. Was he supposed to replace the penguin man from the
previous batman series? COME ON!!!!!!!!!! No character at all!!!!!!!!!!Cat woman was alright, but nothing special. The connection between her
and the batman himself is unbelievable. There was no spark... once
again, BORING!I am honestly surprised because I thought it is impossible to ruin
batman. I was proved wrong. To summarize, I wish I didn't spend 3 hours watching it.
			
It starts promising with a daring raid on a plane in midflight. and
then you are in for a serving of 3 hours of boredom, stupid dialogues,
pointless side stories, ridiculous mass scenes and pathetic
grandstanding.At some point it seemed like the movie tried to go for a variation of
Citizen Kane, but it failed miserably by only setting up the scenario
and showing nothing of the consequences, apart from the laughable mob
tribunals.Oh, and you have to start a war on Iran soon, too, because this movie
clearly demonstrates how a nuclear reactor can be turned into a bomb in
less than an hour. sheesh ...Such a disappointment after the excellent second movie ...
			
It's amazing how many positive reviews of this film are essentially
just making excuses for it. Unfortunately, the flaws are literally
inexcusable. This is yet another entry in that endless line of
large-scale action films that just don't add up dramatically.It's not hard to understand how people have been misled. This is a
sequel to a great film. And it certainly *looks* great, thanks to a
massive budget and Christopher Nolan's unique directorial touch. It's
got spectacular action, larger-than-life villains, cool gadgetry and
some solid supporting performances. But it's got no logic at all,
starting from about the halfway point.So all the film's very significant assets are wasted, for lack of an
extra couple of hours at the keyboard. Why does Bane want to take over
Gotham? Why wait six months?? How does Bruce Wayne recover from having
'no cartilage anywhere in his body' *and* a serious spinal injury,
spend months in a dungeon, and find himself in shape to perform like a
circus acrobat?? (This guy is supposed to be human, remember. That's
the whole attraction of the Batman character.) Nothing really connects
dramatically, either. Alfred makes a contrived exit, for no reason
other than to add some semblance of emotion. Catwoman exhibits almost
no personality, and reverses herself so often it gets monotonous.There's even a rather ugly subtext, suggesting that anyone protesting
against income inequality and obscene misconduct on Wall Street is
probably an anarchist and a terrorist. (And possibly a super-villain,
to boot.) The right or wrong of this insinuation is irrelevant. It
simply belongs in a different movie, one that's willing and able to
deal with important and complex issues. Dark Knight Rises slips it in
subliminally, and never deals with it (or anything else) in any depth.On top of all this, we have a most unwelcome reappearance by the
idiotic Ra's Al Ghul, as well as a painfully arbitrary and meaningless
plot twist near the end.Plus, of course, a surpassingly dismal performance from Christian Bale,
which makes all his previous dreary output look Oscar-worthy by
comparison. When will people notice that this guy *cannot* act? He
makes faces and modulates his tone of voice almost like an actual
actor, but there's never anybody home behind the facade. And whatever
is the opposite of charisma, he has it in vast quantities. Batman
should be an imposing figure, a tragic presence, an anguished soul...
Bale has no soul, and the anguish lies in watching him attempting to
conceal this lack by over-acting for two and a half hours.All in all, this film does a good job of killing the Batman franchise -
for a while, at least. Let's hope the reins pass to someone with a
clearer vision than Nolan. Someone who can do for Batman what Sam Raimi
did for Spider-Man: discover the *man* inside the suit. All the gadgets
and CG effects in the world won't do it. It needs better writing.
			
Sorry but first two were great, but this was scattered, the soundtrack
was so loud i could not hear some of the dialogue. Michael Cane should
never have been Alfred, and his scene by a grave stone was
embarrassing, i for one think there was not enough action, and i hate
it when the hero gets such a pasting, Bane was wrong, were was the
bottles and tubes he has on him so he can inject overdose of adrenalin,
to make him crazy strong, and should have been twice the size of little
Tom Hardy. the negative reviews on this site are spot on, and i am
surprised that the dark night rises has so many stars, i am a fan of
batman movies but this was a total let down for me, i have the other
two on DVD but will not be getting this one. Cat woman was OK not
enough of her but Anne Hathaway was a bit wooden there was no quirky
cat like caricature. Don't bother with this movie after all the
anticipation it fails to rise, i felt nothing for Batman at the end.
			
Man of steel, lord of the rings (hobbit 1-...), star wars, the
Hangover, Expandables and now this boring saga's final episode. this
exemplifies what todays movie industry is all about; rather make more
money of the same than creating something completely new.Has the film industry made you all so numb that you'll happily digest
yet another microwaved Hollywood turd. faulted plots, dodgy sequences, half dimensional characters, all
carefully packed in a three hour computer animated fx gift wrapping.
However, regardless how you spice up a turd. It will always taste like
a turd.And with so many positive ratings it starts to look like IMDb or the
producers got into the business of buying Facebook- and like-me friends
in India and China. Money might buy you Good ratings but not a Good
movie...
			
Went to see it with my mates from work - was expecting a nice new
action movie. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a big disappointment.
Pretty good cast, but not put together in a film like this. Sadly, it's
the first time I see Michael Caine over-acting (in my opinion)...
Others were not much better either. Overall, the movie has got very
little energy, you can't feel much happening at any point in time. Very
predictable plot, you more or less know what's going to happen in the
next 5-10 minutes. The humour is also of a pretty low standard. I would
recommend watching it once just to form an opinion, but I am certainly
not buying a DVD.
			
The Dark Knight in 2008 was so incredible that my hopes were high. This
movie was possibly the worst I have seen, sorry - second worst, in
years. The Grey was slightly more lame. The movie had so much potential
but it took far too long to even try to get going and just did not work
in so many areas that I am shocked by how many seem to be head over
heels for this production. I really like the actors in this one and
most of them did a superb job but, in a word, lame and a waste of time
is all that comes to mind. I saw the movie with two other people who
shared my disappointment.Maybe we are the only three people who have this opinion? I doubt it.
			
Chris Nolans movies are always entertaining, well directed but
ultimately really gimmicky.Gathering massive plot holes for the sake of grandiose set pieces and
always (even with Inception and Memento) he's also seemingly totally
absent in the editing room where at least the most ridiculous ones
could've been smoothed out.There were plenty in The Dark Night Rises, but the one that really
stuck with me on this one was the hole-in-ground prison where Batman is
held and Bane hails from. Conceptually it's a great idea, but Nolan
botches it completely by showing us basically a scaled version of a
large dwell.Does he really expect us to believe that these prisoners are so
ridiculously inept they spent decades in this place without prison
guards and not coming up with ways to build even a common ladder?
They've got the rope set up halfway which does seem to suggest that the
guards don't give a rats ass. And there must guards or some sort of irregular maintenance since
they've just got to eat and presumably more prisoners get put in. Just
a few establishing shots of how these prisoners stay alive would have
done so much more for story than including "cat woman" (why does she
wear the cat ears and the mask on and off again?).For goodness sake these people would have built a god damn staircase
using every possible material within the prison cell. Or manufacture
spikes to climb the wall or just about anything real people would do in
that kind situation instead on resorting to dumb ass chimpanzee like
chanting every time somebody tries to escape. People escaped from
Alcatraz and they just didn't sit them on the shore practically teasing
them to have a go with a homemade raft.For the filmmakers all the effort it would have taken is to have made
the passage like 8 times deeper and let's say slippery with occasional
prison guards. Nolan just doesn't need to be bothered and his movies
keep getting more and more silly.
			
I am not sure what everyone is raving about with this movie. First, I
do think Christian Bale is a very good actor. Ann Hathaway was
partially believable, but can not top Kate Beckingsale with her fight
scenes. Morgan Freeman, had the funniest line in the movie when he said
"I like your girlfriend" in light of the revelation of him marrying his
step granddaughter. I found that too funny. But he is always and has
always been one of the most boring actors around, same type character
in every movie, no stretch appeal. This movie is boring, too long, jumps from scene to scene with no
connection since continuity was not managed and professional editing
was lacking, set production is lackluster, "star wars" car scenes and
Independence Day battle scenes are so 1990s, this movie is just full of
holes and stupidity. I don't see the purpose of Batman in this movie at all...he is in it
about 5 scenes at the most (ok just kiddin.). But his fight scenes with
Bane just keep on and on and on without ending or purpose. who was the
editor? he/she should not be allowed to edit again or should take that
course again in Film School. In closing, the connection to Robin for the next movie was not well
thought out or connected to the plot. I do like Joseph Levitt and his
section on the orphans was the best part of the movie. Sheesh Hollywood
is going to keep making these movies and make money based nothing more
than the "Batman" brand! A "reel" waste of time and money.
			
Granted, I found the first Nolan Batman to be overblown, dull, trite,
and a bit silly (does Christian Bale really need to talk in the Batman
voice like that? Thank goodness they made fun of that on South Park),
and the second to be a bit better I suppose, but the third might be the
worst of all. And the fact that there are those claiming it was "perfection" or
"flawless" must have either seen a different film than I or are taking
their job in the studio's marketing dept. way too seriously (most
likely the latter).Let's forget Bale's awful voice work which has marred the entire Batman
legacy throughout these three films (there continues to be one Batman
and his name is Michael Keaton; I'd rue the thought of how the
latter-day Burton would ruin the series further, but his initial two
remain some of the last great masterpieces of commercial/studio film to
be consigned to celluloid in the last era).Why did Bane need to sound the way HE did? I tell you, I'm not
expecting cogent story lines or apt character development from a film
like this or from Nolan, but as soon as Bane started talking in the
first two minutes of the film, my girlfriend and I turned to each other
and knew right away we were in trouble. Forgetting the fact he sounds like an arch-villain from an early 80s
action cartoon (or an American Sean Connery, perhaps), whomever did the
technical work on his ADR really dropped the ball. You can tell easily
that his voice was incorporated into the soundtrack in a way wholly
different from everyone else in the film. He sounds like he's talking
in voice over the entire time. Yikes. If this movie gets nominated for
Best Sound Editing, I'll know the Academy has absolutely no credence at
all anymore.Other technical and editing faults spiral throughout the film. I blame
Nolan again for this, as so many of the scenes in which characters are
talking to each other are clearly edited poorly. Really took me out of
the film. And, again, I'm not looking for artistry in a shoot-em up
comic book movie made for acne-face'd teenagers, but one would think
the filmmakers would AT LEAST get the spectacle/technical aspects of
the thing right. Shame. Lazy work all around.The acting was, as usual for these films, subpar except for possibly
Gary Oldman who for once didn't have a slew of clich comic book/TV
lines to spout ("Gotta get me one of THOSE!" Yich). Then, of course, there's the many, many, many plot holes that are truly
just befuddling. Namely the fact that we have an underground prison
that is a central focus of the film and is supposed to be enshrouded in
pure darkness, is to be "Hell on Earth," and one of the worst -- if not
THEE worst -- places someone can be exiled to... and yet whenever they
show the actual place, it's well-lit and the folks who "live" there
seem nothing but nice, as though inhabiting a communal little village
in which you have doctors and gurus and mentors helping each other out.
WHY is this place a Hell on Earth that would spawn "pure evil" like
Bane? I couldn't figure that one out. (And without giving any spoilers, the way out of the place was so
obvious -- even to the prisoners themselves -- that it makes one wonder
why more of the prisoners don't just up and leave.)You also have the total unreality of a booming metropolis under
complete lockdown for like six months and yet everyone still somehow
has electricity, water, heat, food, makeup, clean clothes, etc. and
even a relatively chipper attitude throughout? I would've thought
Gotham would digress into Lord of the Flies pretty quickly, but
apparently everyone just stays traditionally phlegmatic in Nolan's
yawningly dull cinemaverse. (Not to mention a police force stuck underground who seem to be kinda
fine with that after months of no light or clean bathroom facilities.) Sorry, there's suspension of disbelief and then there's just bafflingly
lazy writing mixed with lobotomized audience members.As with the first Batman, I was also so incredibly bored for the first
hour or so trying to stay awake for Nolan's signature needlessly
convoluted, chaotically discursive, and haplessly disorganized
"plot"lines that rather than being fooled like the illiterates who
found this movie to somehow be better than Sunset Blvd, The
Professional, or Once Upon a Time in the West according to the IMDb
score they gave it, I knew -- yet again -- that Nolan is no genius but
only a comic book enthusiast who thinks he's making a two-hour TV
drama.And two hours were two hours too long here. Even when the movie finally
picked up with some action about halfway through (aside from the loud
and obnoxious first few seconds that might as well have been one
explosion before moving into the doldrums for the next interminable
sixty minutes), I had trouble keeping awake, wondering how much longer
this seemingly five-hour marathon would go on for. Why didn't I leave sooner? Because $20 for an IMAX ticket is too much
to step away from in this day and age and I thought MAYBE there would
be some kind of pay-off in the end (there really wasn't; it goes pretty
much where you think it would go). So, in conclusion: 1) Fair to poor acting, 2) Awful sound design and
voice work, 3) Shoddy/lazy technical logistics, 4) Meandering and
hopelessly disorganized script -- surprise -- 5) And, sadly for an
action film whose one goal is to entertain popcorn flick style, BORING.
			
It wasn't as bad as a 2 but I gave it a one to counter some of the
other stupid people giving it a 9 or a 10. First of all, it wasn't even
close to batman begins or the dark knight let alone the Avengers. The
Avengers was 10 times better than this piece of garbage. I'll admit I
am a bit of a comic nerd, which is partly why I am so outraged by this
movie. I have huge respect for Nolan but he is too creative for his own
good. He butchered one of the best comics of all time. I'd say less
than 10% of that movie was taken from the comics. Even with that 10
percent, he grabbed little pieces from a bunch of different arcs and
tried to shove them together and kinda BS the rest. If I had to give an
unbiased ranking for the movie, the highest I could give it is a 7.
compared with the first 2 films, it was overly long, the acting was
poorer, and the action just wasn't there or just didn't dazzle. just
blah. The avengers had a much more difficult storyline to work with due
to its complex comics while batman is relatively simple. But this is
just my opinion, think what you will. just as an example I'll list a
few of the things that bothered me about the movie to give you an idea
of where I'm coming from. 1) Bruce Wayne cant go broke. it will never
happen. He is one of the top 3 richest people in all of DC universe. 2)
Obviously they didn't do traditional comic book Bane with the skinny
guy and venom infusion. 3) They didn't get Bane's origin right at all
other than the prison. 4) Talia Al Ghul never grew up in that prison.
In fact she was in love with batman and even married him and had a kid.
They were always allies in the comics and she would never hurt him. 5)
Talia hated Bane. she would never like him let alone work with him.
6)That Batman couldn't fight worth...lets just say the real batman
should be one of the top 3 martial artist in DC universe, and it just
wasn't there. 7) This isn't all that big but the real batman was pretty
much a genius and created his own stuff and outsmarted everybody. He
even created a plan to kill any member of the justice league in the
event that they went rogue. 8) Yeah kids,when you get your back broken
you can just snap it back in place. In the comics he had to go to raz
al ghuls Labyrinth to heal himself. 9) You cant just kill Ras Al Ghul
either! The one in the movie was a Hallucination 10) I left my most
irritating for last. Why couldn't they even get robins name right!!!!!!
Such a small thing. His actual name wasn't friggin Robin!! it was Dick
Grayson!!! its cool if you wanted to use an alias during the movie to
hide it, but at the end please use his real name for god sake. 90% of
the people should know who your talking about.Dear Mr. Nolan, Please don't mess up Superman. thanks
			
There were some people clapping at the end of this movie, and I was
thinking...geeez, those people must be on something, or a little slow.
NO WAY a properly functioning person would clap for this garbage. This
movie has so many obvious (I do realize this is a film BUT) plot holes
it is ridiculous. It really is.Second, the defence for people who admit it is slow but say it is a
really good movie, is basically, well if you just listened to the
dialogue then you would realize it is a good movie! Um no. See that
might be possible if they didn't decide to amp Bane's voice super loud
(Oh I get it, make him feel strong by making his voice really loud and
powerful.. OH SILLY ME!). I barely understood anything he was saying.
And when I did I thought, wow, that is really corny.And I know why Bane is strong in comic book land, but in this real
world for Nolan, it made no sense. So you're telling me he has
superhuman strength how? What now? And you don't explain it, just let
people figure it out. OK sure, whatever you say.Also, there are so many themes repeated from the past film. Oh boy...
You have outdone yourself this time Mr. Nolan. It must be from that
damn scarf you wear around your neck.Oi.Bad movie. I mean just bad. Seriously, save your money.
			
All right. I've said this before, and I'll say it again. Christopher
Nolan is a great director. Few people can put a story on the screen
like Nolan does. But the problem is that he's a terrible writer. How
many more times does he have to absolutely assassinate a perfectly good
story idea or character franchise with his amateurish, ham-handed
writing before he and everyone else realizes this? First, he always sets clocks in motion. Really? Is that all you've got?
A real writer can create a sense of urgency based on time constraints
without introducing an actual clock, especially one that is strapped
onto a device that seems to have no other need of a clock than to
display its imminent intent to blow everything to kingdom come.Then of course, there's character development, or the lack of it.
Batman is conflicted as to whether he should be Batman or not. Bane is
conflicted by, oh, let's say puppy love. Catwoman is conflicted by
whether or not she really wants to be bad. I mean, I know this whole
franchise is based on a comic book, but with a price tag of a quarter
of a billion dollars to make, does it have to play like one? Come on,
Chris. Hire a writer.Basically, this is a movie that consists of lots of scenes of people
either fighting, or walking aggressively toward a fight, with the
central characters standing still like a Greek chorus of narrators long
enough to tell the story, rather than participate in it, by presenting
long, boring diatribes and monologues like a bunch of kids breathlessly
setting forth a cowboys and Indians scenario before they run around
whooping and shooting, only to repeat, in this case for three tedious,
exasperating hours.I love superhero movies when they are able, like all good science
fiction, to transcend their admittedly contrived premises by presenting
witty and profound issues in clever and unique ways without hammering
you over the head or numbing your brain with endless sequences of
violence and destruction. Once again, Chris, you have failed in the
former by wallowing in the latter.
			
I loved the first two movies and completely disliked The Dark Knight
Rises. The action sequences are nothing special and some of the fight
scenes are like watching fight scenes from an 80's A-Team episode.
Watching the very predictable story unfold was like watching paint dry
and the dialogue was just as pathetic. It seems like this movie was
long for the sake of being long. The acting was phenomenal and that
just doesn't cut it. True Dark Knight fans won't lie to themselves and
pretend this was a good movie. I think Nolan tried to force an epic
Dark Knight story into this trilogy and it just doesn't belong. I've
read lots of the reviews of people calling this movie one of the
greatest and claiming Bain to be one of the greatest villains and I
challenge those people to try and sit through the movie again and see
how quickly their mind will begin to wander. Very disappointing.
			
I am a huge fan of batman director Christopher Nolan. He is the genius
who brought us such groundbreaking films as Memento and Inception, the
very good Batman Begins and the excellent The Dark Night.That's why my hopes for this third installment were so high. Boy was i
disappointed. This movie is a GRAND MESS. Here are some of the reasons why:Nolan cuts off batman's balls and holds them hostage the entire movie.
He is either hobbling around as Bruce Wayne looking like he belongs in
a Senior's Home or in his batman's suit trading punches like an aged
boxer with MS. No great fight scenes in the inimitable batman style
with the whooshing and swooshing and swooping and gadgets and
disappearances/reappearances. I would conjecture that this is both because of the post modern
philosophy adopted that no man is a true hero (including batman) and
also more practically because the fight team was actually changed from
the first two movies to a new one for this film, a change drastically
for the worse. They should have stuck to the Keysi Fighting Method.Another error is that any movie is only as good as its villain and Bane
is a horrible villain. He's really more like a big goon that the main
villain usually sends in the eleventh hour to do his bidding like the
big Russian guy in the Punisher for example. Don't expect another
performance like Ledger's Joker here. What really gets me though, is how the second film developed the whole
origin of Twoface as Harvey Dent (who was a great character) and then
just dropped it and brought in a much worse villain???? Extremely irritating was Nolan superimposing the Inception style of for
example heavy background music etc on this film where it doesn't
belong. Even the dialogue was hard to always pick out, especially when
you have two of the main characters growling through masks and the war
drums right beneath their voices.But it didn't stop there. Nolan invited almost the entire Inception
cast and stuck them into this film inflating the story by giving them
non- essential roles and by constantly taking you out of the illusion
of reality a film is supposed to create when it forces another much
better film to come to mind. He and his buds must have been having such
a good time on set enjoying the Inception reunion that they must have
forgot they were filming an entirely different movie.The cherry on the top of this egregious casting is when in the middle
of the film you suddenly have a cameo by none other than Cilian Murphy
the scarecrow villain in the first Batman movie as some minor people
elected judge. (And yes, you guessed it, he was also in Inception). To
me that's tantamount to giving Heath Ledger (Joker) or Aaron Eckhart
(Harvey Dent) a role as a cop or a waiter in this film. Seriously man,
is there anything else you can do wrong to break the movie spell and
keep reminding me i'm only watching a film with actors- something
totally fake?I wish i could stop here but honestly i could go on and on. The movie
spends time with characters whose story lines are not that interesting
and leads up to a clich climax that you and i have seen done in
previous TV shows like 24 and other films.I believe the production suffered from the all too common problem of
having too large a budget (250 million) that enabled Nolan to create a
spectacle of "Sound and Fury Signifying Nothing" instead of an
interesting film. The film alternates between dragging with boring
exposition and blasting your ears off with nonsense. There is a tender
moment between Bruce and Alfred that is very brief that was nice though
;)....Guys, I went into the theatre ready to love this film, willing to try
to like it, but it never even gave me the chance. Unfortunately it does not live up to the hype. Like the Godfather Part
3, there is no reason to watch it even though you enjoyed the great
Parts 1 and 2.Let sleeping dogs lie and let dead films die. For your own sake, do not
break the caution tape to watch this wretched bomb of a film.
			
One star for Joseph Gordon-Levitt's fresh and believable take on the
rookie cop with street smarts, ideals and courage.One star for Anne Hathaway's purr-fect performance as the Catwoman.One star for an aging Michael Caine, in memory of the man who was a
king.Beyond that, it's all a murky sea of meaningless explosions, sodden
speeches, missed opportunities, and plot holes you could drive the
Batmobile through.Some lowlights include . . .A super villain who mumbles so much he might just as well have a sock
in his mouth. And speaking of laundry, why can't Bane afford an
undershirt? A doctor who explains in clinical detail, with X-rays, exactly why
Bruce Wayne can't fight anymore. Just so his fight scenes will feel
even more fake than they already did.A pointless half hour in a phony-looking prison in some make believe
foreign country where guys walk around all day clapping and chanting.
Cool Hand Luke, this ain't. I really didn't care if Bruce Wayne climbed
out of that stupid hole with a rope -- but then, the guards didn't seem
to care much either. ("Climbin' out of here, boss!" "Yeah, Bruce, climb
on out of there.") All I wanted was for Bruce to "prove" himself by
eating fifty eggs, like in the Paul Newman classic. And at the end he
could send the boys a postcard of him back in Gotham City, wearing a
custom-made suit, with his arms around Miranda and Selena Kyle. And the
card could just say, "Boys, playing it cool -- Bruce."A staggering total of 3000 cops trapped in a sewer for three months --
yet they all emerge in clean uniforms, in good health, ready to beat
Bane's minions in a good old-fashioned street brawl. And even that was
more exciting than watching Bane and Batman go one-on-one. This movie could have been twice as good and half as long, with one
tenth of the money spent. All it takes is imagination, courage, and
respect for the audience.
			
I hate this movie. I just really, really, really hate this movie.
Everything about It is about as entertaining as The Room, the quality
of the acting is feeble at best and I'm pretty sure Christian Bale
gives the single worst performance of his entire career in this mess of
a movie. It tears apart Batman lore, It makes Bane into a lovesick
puppy dog that couldn't escape the friend zone and Talia just turns
into a cow without any of the honor her father or her clan had in the
previous movies. Probably the only redeeming factor about this movie is
the cinematography and the acting done by Gary Oldnan and Joseph Gordon
Levitt, as for the rest of the cast It was mediocre at best. To hell
with The Dark Knight Rises, almost everything about It can be
summarized by saying Christopher Nolan thought he could get away with
this, he thought wrong.
			
What a mess. This is one of Nolan's weakest movies and definitely the
worst in the Batman trilogy.I didn't expect much from the trailer, but it was even worse than I
thought. It's not terrible, but it's not a good film either.The characters were uninteresting, plot was a mess, lots of useless
fighting scenes. Tom Hardy's talent was wasted and Bane character isn't
even 1% as strong or as interesting as the Joker. Most of all I liked
Michael Caine's performance, but that was brief and the editor rushed
his few scenes too.Oh, and the movie is waaaaaaaaaaaaaay too long. Did they really need 3
hours to tell this mess???
			
I don't normally review movies unless I feel compelled to do so. In
this case, I feel I was duped into expecting a very good movie. Isn't
that what I should have expected with an 8.5/10 rating?I won't get into the details, they're well-documented throughout these
reviews. And I won't detail the nonsense that is considered a plot for
those that may not have had the displeasure of viewing this movie.
There are so many times that I was left shaking my head that I
sustained a neck injury just watching this.I like the idea of Bane as a physically powerful foe, I like Anne
Hathaway as Catwoman (although her character has serious flaws) and the
veterans do their normal commendable job attempting to bring stability
to this disaster.I gave it a 3 because I like Batman and I still want to like him. I
will put this movie out of my mind so that I continue to like him.
			
The last installment of this Dark Knight trilogy was absolutely
disappointing. I found many parts of the film to be laughable at times,
especially catwoman.The action was underwhelming and sub average which the mixers try to
cover up with unnecessary loud sound effects. The director of this film
isn't a master of action like Michael Bay and it clearly shows.One of the problems that i also had with this movie is too much
unwanted subplots and characters which created constant inter-cutting
back and forth and in turn gave me anxiety and I just gave up caring
for any of the characters. The twists that were set up with the
subplots also didn't pay off for me but came across more of just
reasons to cast actors from Inception then creating depth to the story
or film.
			
The characters of Bane and his team are good and represent a strong
cohesion, but the action itself, fights, and realization disappointed
me. It seems that the movie production has been accelerated to meet
some deadlines and that the realization didn't follow the initial
storyline. It makes a nice teenagers' movie though, for someone that
just wants to enjoy some special effects. Not much original things have
been done to make the movie an exceptional piece of cinema. Well,
Super-hero movies are in general not intended to make revolutionary
creative images and i guess that Batman fans would be very satisfied
with it, although it is a bit lower than the previous ones.
			
It takes over one-hour in this overly long miserable film to establish
the plot-another terrorist campaign against the city of Gotham and its
residents. The flashbacks relating to medieval times are of absolutely
no value here.The one redeeming item in this otherwise awful film is the performance
by veteran actor Michael Caine, as Bruce Wayne's faithful servant
Alfred. He knows when it is time to go; he is dramatic when he has to
be and he certainly knew when to pour on the tears.Anne Hathaway presents an interesting but conflicting character here.
She is a jewel thief, cunning, vicious and the ultimate lover for Bruce
Wayne.
			
The high rating of this movie here is unbelievable. Did they WATCH the
movie? Especially that it is given status as a "Top 100" in ANY forum -
absurd. This movie, though filled with all the FX of an high budget
movie, was a stinker. Everything had the feel of a contractor, over
budget, wrapping up a job before the holidays - contrived story -
lacking even abstract, "comic book" common sense. Packaged, 'out of
hat' storyline. I did like The Dark Knight - though Heath Ledgers role
Joker/Devil archetype, was what gave its greatest depth. Though it's
not new for a high budget movie to be a dud - the biggest
disappointment is how many people (here) laud it so highly. Kind of
like politics I guess - people will vote party line regardless of the
quality of the candidate. I'm glad I didn't spend any money to see
this. What a waste.
			
This film is just an example of when directors fall in love with their
own hype. Nolan has made some great films, The Prestige, Inception,
Batman Begins. This is not one of them!He got off to a good start to the trilogy with Begins, Dark Knight was
good when it came out but when I watched it earlier this year it hasn't
stood the test of time for me personally.Then comes this one, Nolan had the potential to make something
compelling and adrenaline pumping. He didn't. This was little better
than 2.5 hours of watching paint dry.1. The action sequences were terrible, I just could not get into the
fight scenes as they were so poorly choreographed. On a couple of
occasions I saw criminals just waiting to be beaten up, including one
scene where you see one guy with his gun trained on Batman who is busy
beating someone else up however instead of pulling the trigger he
thinks "hmmm, maybe I should just wait for him to finish with that guy
and then let him knock my teeth out?".2. Anyone that thought Bane was menacing scares too easily. The voice
while supposedly based on a gypsy bare knuckle fighter was laughable.
It sounded like a really bad Darth Vader impression by David Cameron
(current UK Prime Minister). Also his physical stature was not big
enough, Bane is supposed to be a man mountain, Tom Hardy is not.3. The Batman voice, how does sounding like you smoke 200 cigarettes a
day and could pass out from breathlessness any moment meant to strike
fear into the hearts of criminals?4. Joseph Gordon-Levitt becoming Batman - No No No No No, just No! 5. The story is basically the same as Avengers, but the Avengers was
more entertaining. As a life-long Batman/Superman/DC fan those words
taste like poison but could not be more true.6. The stock market scene was not needed, if you are going to isolate a
city from the rest of the country and take it over, money then becomes
useless anyway. I thought Nolan banged on about how much of a "tactical
genius" Bane was supposed to be in the lead up to this films release,
evidently Nolan doesn't understand what good tactics are.7. When the police were walking down the street with hardly a weapon
between them towards a mass of criminals armed to the teeth I heard
"Fish in a barrel, Fish in a barrel" being chanted in my head. Joss
Whedon 1 - Christopher Nolan 0.All in all I found this film to be far too preachy and pretentious. I
don't understand how this film has such a high score on IMDb, maybe it
has something to do with the death threats people sent to the reviewers
that rated it negatively in the first place and no one had the balls to
give it the review it deserved.If you are a weak willed, easily led by what people say you are
supposed to like Nolan fan-boy you will love this film, if you are a
true Batman fan you will hate this with a burning passion. If you want
to watch an entertaining Superhero film that was made this year, watch
Avengers.
			
I had to stop watching this movie about 2/3rds of the way through it. I
don't understand why people liked it so much. I found it to be poorly
written and poorly acted. I thought Christian Bale's performance was
weak and found the dialog to be pedantic and predictable.The character
of Bane would be interesting except for the pathetic description of his
'creation.' The 'toys' were pretty good, but that's far beneath what
this movie could and should have been. I have enjoyed all (or most) of
the other Batman movies but honestly found this one to be unwatchable.
I'm astounded by the good rating here because I usually agree with user
reviews on IMDb. Live and learn.
			
After raising the bar so high with The Dark Knight Nolan drops said bar
with nerve shattering force with The Dark Knight Rises. To say that I
had high hopes for Nolans 3rd go at The Bat would be criminally
understating the obvious.How could it be bad?!?!?The man had plenty of
time to hash out a good script & the full support of the studio behind
him.It has taken me months to bounce back from the disappointment I
felt after seeing TDKR.If this movie was rushed into production a month
after The Dark Knight I might have been able to excuse some of the
glaring issues.Maybe.I honestly don't even know where to begin.****************SPOILERS******************** 1.Batman spends 8 years
out of commission over a failed romance & no one notices that both
Batman & Bruce Wayne disappeared at the same time. 2.No cartilage no
problem just wear this bat bionic brace thingy & you'll be punching
holes in brick walls like a champ. 3.Robin knocks on his door & says
hey I know your Batman let me in & lets talk about it.OK sure come on
in. 4.Catwoman has the dumbest subplot.Worse than the entire Halle
Berry feature. 5.Robins name is not Robin. 6.Alfred quits?!?!?!?
7.Batman is broken in half.His spine is broken yet through the magical
healing hands of a a deranged prison masseur & some push ups hes up &
running in no time. 8.Somehow Bane manges to fly Bruce to the ass end
of the world to drop him in a hole then fly all the way back in what 24
hours?A week?Hello continuity! 9.With no friends no money no assets
somehow Bruce fully healed crawls out of Banes hole & what walks back
to Gotham?Hitchhikes? Gotham is under siege & taken over by terrorists
& the rest of the world just does nothing.Really?! 10.More than half of
the police force charges into the sewers after Bane & are trapped which
has got to be the dumbest thing I've seen on screen since Ernest
escaped from jail. 11.When the trapped officers escape MONTHS later
they are showered shaved & fit for an epic battle in the snowy streets
of Gotham. 12.Instead of oh I don't know planning to take back Gotham
they just charge at them with sticks. 13.Longest detonation time for a
bomb ever! 14.The second best detective after Batman Gordon is STUNNED
to find out Bruce & (SPOILER) Batman are one & the same.Nevermind that
EVERYONE in Gotham seems to have figured it out. 15.Bruce kills The Bat
& runs away with Catwoman leaving EVERYTHING to Robin. ****************END SPOILERS********************* These are just the
most glaring problems to me.There are so so many that I would be here
for hours detailing every last one. This is a skilled team of film
makers at work here.These plot problems continuity issues & poorly
written characters should be at a minimum not at an accelerated
high.Sure some of these issues I have are personal but most of them are
technical.The Dark Knight Rises is a BAD movie people.This isn't the
fault of the actors involved or shockingly the studio.Nolan & company
have delivered a well polished turd & it seems that mostly people are
very satisfied with it.Which is baffling on so many levels.Now I waited
for them to release the bluray thinking maybe we would get a directors
cut that at least tryed to reconcile the problems with this movie but
nope.Nolan truly believes he delivered a masterpiece & thats that.I
want to watch The Dark Knight Rises at least one more time with
commentary.I just have to hear its creators try to skirt or justify
this mighty mess of a failure.
			
This one fell WAY short of the rest of the trilogy. I usually need just
a tiny bit of realism to get into a movie like this, and while very few
'big' movies are all that realistic, this one didn't even try. Bane
takes multiple punches to his bare head from batman's armored fist? I
don't care how swole he is, no human could withstand this. The ENTIRE
police force of a large city going underground to fight an epic battle
against a bad guy army? The same cops marching slowly in neat lines to
fight another epic battle at point blank range? There is so much wrong
here I don't even know what to say. Nolan must have been watching Lord
of The Rings. Add to this some poorly written, clich ridden dialog,
and you get DKR. Bane's cheesy, non-threatening, and out of place voice
was just the icing on the cake.
			
When I heard that this movie would come out I was filled with
excitement since I love and own the first two. However when I saw this
movie I was bored for the majority of it and completely disappointed. I
you are expecting this to be as good as the Dark Knight beware it is
not. Batman has very little screen time and the only reason it is
thought of as good is because of it predecessors. IF this movie were to
stand alone without the rest of the trilogy it would be recognized for
what it is, a failure. I found the film very uninteresting, it goes
like this. Bruce is old and a new villain arrives, Bruce puts on the
mask and is defeated and sent to a prison hole in the middle east. The
villain decides to blow up Gotham to complete the league of shadows
mission. Ra's Al Ghul kicked Bane out yet Bane and later revealed Talia
want to blow up Gotham even though it is a good city now which doesn't
need to be annihilated, but they decide to do it anyway. The cops and
Bane go all out and Batman returns from the middle east "somehow" to
find out that bane is a subordinate and dies soon after as well as his
leader Talia Batman then says his autopilot doesn't work so he takes
the bomb on a bat-plane he randomly has now and we see the bomb explode
only to find out that Bruce is alive. And all that takes nearly three
hours with everything else that happens boring you to death. I love
batman and Nolans work ,but this movie just really let me down.
			
I know I'm swimming against a tide of opinion which lauds this is a
great movie, but for a number of reasons it fell very flat for me.
Though I am a big fan of Director Christopher Nolan, I'm afraid a
number of factors conspire to bring down his latest attempt to portray
the iconic Super-hero, some of these factors being, in fairness, beyond
his control. The first problem is merely the "jaded" factor; this is
the 7th Batman Feature film in 24 years, not to mention an animated
series and at least 3 feature-length animated movies. That isn't any
fault of Christopher Nolan, though he seems to try to address it by
making The "Dark Knight Rises" the biggest most intense Batman
experience to date, and that in itself becomes a problem. Where Tim
Burton's adaptation gets a balance of intensity while not taking itself
too seriously, Nolan badly over-cooks it. Christian Bale's voice is so
"growly" that it goes beyond dark and scary, and ends up just sounding
like throat cancer. The next big problem for me is the character of
Bane; Bane is the ultimate bad-ass on the comic page, in fact he's the
guy who brings Batman down. Because in the world of Cinema this isn't
allowed to happen (don't want to give away too much about the movie)
Bane, instead of ratcheting up the intensity, ends up looking a bit
bland and impotent. Next problem is plot-line. Okay, its a superhero
move; I shouldn't be expecting Hamlet here, but among other problems
the whole idea of holding Gotham City for ransom for months on end is
both ridiculous and kills the pace of the movie, making it stagnant.
Which brings us to the next problem; movie was way too long! A talented
editor could have cut out a lot of unnecessary scenes, moved the action
on quicker and made it a better movie in under 2 hours. We'll overlook
the problem of the bad guy who, instead of killing the hero instantly,
sends him off to die slowly and presumes all goes well. As Dr. Evil
would say "You just don't get it, Scottie." And my final gripe is a
shocking performance by the usually great Michael Cane (Bale, Oldman
and Hathaway are merely acceptable, Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Tom Hardy
were, in fairness, very good). All in all these problems for me made
this movie far less than the sum of its parts. This isn't the worst
Batman movie, but its far from the best.
			
Batman is crippled by the total lack of connective tissue in every
joint. He overcomes this irreversible infirmity by doing intense
physical exercise while starving to death with a broken back... not the
only ridiculous plot failing, just the major one for me. There was so
much unnecessary character back story eating away screen time, and
mostly for disposable characters not important to the current plot
whatsoever. Since, with Batman incapacitated the majority of the film,
a lot of the story focused on the Robin character. It might as well
have ended with a "to be continued" slap in the face like Matrix
Reloaded
			
This movie starts out shockingly violently in a mid-air scene I could
not bear to watch consistently.It then descends into a tiresome tale that is slow, dragged-out, and
utterly incomprehensible (I admit I skipped the first two Batman
movies). I can't fault Christian Bale's performance. I had never seen him in
anything and I liked his cool, understated presence. (I found ice-queen
Anne Hathaway annoyingly one-note and tedious.) The best part of this
film was its improbably romantic ending. I know my tastes aren't typical. But for IMDb voters to rank this film
9.1 -- when "Casablanca" comes in at 8.7 -- makes absolutely no sense. So many times during the course of more than 2.5 hours I wished I could
sneak away and go home. The only thing that kept me in my seat was my
two sons, ages 9 and 15, who remained interested but certainly not
perched on the edge of their seats.One indication we weren't alone in being underwhelmed was the fact that
the audience here in NYC barely uttered a sound. Not a gasp, not a
clap, scarcely a word.We had cops outside our theater to guarantee safety. It was eerie to
watch the scene in the movie in which armed thugs commandeer a packed
stadium. I looked around me at the crowd and marveled at how we all
could have so quickly gotten past the massacre in Colorado just four
nights earlier.This film is full of sound and fury, signifying practically nothing. If
I didn't have kids I'd never have spent $36 of my hard-earned money on
admission and $25 on unhealthy snacks.Such is summer "entertainment." Sheesh!
			
The Dark Knight Rises was the worst out of the three. Now I know all
you fan boys are going to attack me but let me explain. I liked Batman
Begins and The Dark Knight they are great movies. Dark Knight Rises
felt rushed. Christopher Nolan is a great director but is very
overrated. It didn't seem like a movie he would do it seem like what
George Lucas would do if he made a batman movie. Lets go threw the
movie now. It starts out where Bane is hijacking a plane. Bane sounds
like Sean Connery and Ernest Borgnine in a Darth Vader voice. After
that Bruce Wayne is hiding up in his room while a party is going on to
celebrate the anniversary of Harvey Dent's death. Catwomen happens to
be there and I'm I the only person that thinks Ann Hathaway is the
worst Catwomen? (not including the bad 2004 movie) Alfred is crying to
Bruce to stop acting like a weirdo trapped in your room for 7 years and
get a life! So Bruce does. He meets some girl who I forgot what her
name was. Bane is attacking a stock market place so Bruce dresses up as
Batman which he hasn't done in a long time to stop them. Bruce meets
Bane threw a tunnel underground. Bane beats Bruce to death and takes
him to a country which they don't explain and throws him in a pit with
dirty old men that feeds him chips dipped in water. (was I the only one
that noticed that) So Bane threatens Gotham with a bomb by reading a
letter by Commissioner Gordon saying he covered up Harvey Dents crimes.
In this scene he sounds like Bill Cosby. So he yells who wants to know
who will join him. Oh yeah sorry I forgot he blew up a football field.
Bruce sees Ras Al Goul and tells him his son is Bane. Bruce tries
climbing out of the pit. The men cheer him so he eventually does. Why
were there TV's in the pit, how did they get them down there, where
does it connect? So less than 5 minutes Bruce shows up. How did he get
out of there that fast?! He teams up with Catwomen they try stopping
the bomb. Batman fights Bane but Miranda stabs Bruce and says she's the
daughter of Ras Al Goul. Catwomen blows up Bane and the go after the
bomb. There's a character in the movie named John Blake who is a cop
that helps Batman. Batman has no choice but to sacrifice his life to
save Gotham. Batman in his plane straps a bomb to it and than gets
blown up and dies. They sell off Wayne manor and Blake goes into the
police station to quit being a cop and the lady says Robin is a good
name because that's his nick name. He goes to the Bat cave. Alfred is
sitting in a restaurant and see's Bruce in there with Catwomen and
rolls to the credits. This movie was better than the Amazing Spiderman
but The Avengers was just awesome!
			
Christopher Nolan's new film fails in terms of plot and directing.It
has great visuals but it remains just a action movie, nothing more.It's
not like Dark Knight anymore, a movie that makes u connect with it and
feel the situations.This one is just an action packed movie nothing
more. Bane's performance is not good enough ! sometimes u can't even
understand what he's saying through his microphone, Heath Ledger killed
it with Joker but Tom Hardy fails to create a character for Bane.the
film won't even let it's own actors to feel their situations.because
there is a short scene and then the next one starts, a very fast paced
movie that doesn't live up to the standards of dark knight or other
Nolan works.I think this must be one of his worst movies to date.
			
(Ha!) I couldn't believe my eyes! An atom bomb was detonated just 4
miles off Gotham City's shore and (get this!) it didn't even create the
slightest ripple in the water.(Ha!) Nor did this fierce explosion send even a trifling gust of wind
over the land, either.(Ha!) You know, if that's the way it was gonna be, then I'm not gonna
even begin to wonder about the complete lack of concern from all
Gothamites (?) when it came to the reality of radioactive fallout.(Ha! What a total scream!) To me, this one scene alone (which, by the
way, was clearly intended to be The Dark Knight Rises' (TDKR)
triumphant climax) was such a frickin' dud. And, with it being a dud,
it pretty much summed up the overall entertainment value of this $250
million production in a literal nutshell.And, what's even the worst of all about this is - I had to sit through
2.5 hours of tolerating the likes of Christian Bale (as the most
despicable Batman/Bruce Wayne character imaginable). And, at the end of
it all, what I got handed as TDKR's high point was the most pathetic
and limp-wristed atomic explosion ever recorded in Hollywood
movie-history. (Hey! I ain't kidding here!) You know, as something of a band-aid for this serious disappointment, I
would've gladly accepted it if Batman had finally unmasked the big-bad
Bane character. Yeah. That would've certainly served as some sort of a
second-rate compensation for the lame a-bomb explosion.But, I guess, with director Christopher Nolan being something of a
sadistic bastard, I was even denied this pleasure of seeing Bane
without his mask. And, with that, I was left ultimately deflated from
start to finish.In my opinion, TDKR's story, with its prefabricated sentiment, its
pretentious philosophical double-talk, its badly-staged fight sequences
and its numerous, badly-lit "filler" scenes, just went over & over &
over the same, old, tired ground which I've seen about 1000x before in
every other Superhero/Action movie that's come before it.The only slight satisfaction that I got out of TDKR was to be left at
the end with the ray of hope (as thin as it was) that Batman was, in
fact, really, and truly dead.Anyways - Regardless of whether Batman's really dead, or not - It
appears like it's now Robin's big moment to shine and carry on the
torch of being a goody-goody crime-fighter. And, you know what? I'm
totally bored with the prospect of that, already! P.S. - It really killed me the way that Christian Bale would try to
alter his voice and make it sound all tough and commanding whenever his
Bruce Wayne character put on the Batman costume.But, Bale, being such a second-rate actor, only ended up sounding like
an utter fool whose throat was seriously clogged with globs of gritty
phlegm.
			
To be frank, I absolutely HATE the Bane character. Right from the
moment I read that Bane would be the main villain in this film, I was
wary of it. That didn't stop me seeing it multiple times and buying the
Blu-ray, but the more I reflect on it, the more I realise that despite
its overall coherence and impressive action sequences, the narrative is
riddled with stupid plot contrivances and the plot itself is driven by
incredibly stupid actions by the characters. First, the idiot CIA man
who takes three prisoners on board his aircraft during a covert
extraction without checking either their identities or their cuffs (or
shooting them on the spot or even running them off at gunpoint, which
maybe he should have done). Bane himself takes a huge and probably
unnecessary risk in delivering himself into the stupid CIA man's hands
too, in that he already has the professor as a prisoner. Next, Bruce
Wayne being basically disabled and far less intelligent than in
'Begins' or TDK at the start of the film, a stupid contrivance that is
the basis of monumentally stupid actions by him later on. Next, Bane
breaks into the Gotham Stock Exchange in full view of the public and
executes a computer program that bankrupts Bruce Wayne (and affects no
other wealthy Gothamite, as far as we see in the movie); however Bruce
is too stupid to simply demand that an investigation take place, since
it's obvious (and he has evidence on the flash drive he takes from
Bane's hacker) that some form of ridiculously overt fraud has just been
perpetrated by Bane. Bruce then reveals the location of the clean
energy device to Miranda Tate, a woman whom I'm fairly certain from my
viewing of the movie that he's only ever met once, despite her
investment in his controlled fusion project. His background check on
her is also revealed to be useless, as he only finds out she wasn't
always wealthy when she tells him herself. Next, the ultimate stupidity
in the movie, how someone as intelligent as Bruce Wayne, having been
only recently told by his doctor that he's basically disabled, decides
to put on his old Batman suit (he could have even had Lucius rustle up
that stupid 'iron bat' suit from the 'Knightfall' saga to support his
wrecked skeletal system) and go toe to toe with someone who is clearly
itching to break him in half, without at least trying gassing him,
tranquilising him (which we see him do to other thugs later), tasering
him or even throwing a few concussion grenades at him, resulting in him
having his back broken and then dumped in an underground hellhole while
his nemesis converts a fusion reactor into a bomb with a countdown of
six months. Those who insist that despite the damage to his skeleton,
Bruce is still as strong as he was before clearly don't understand
infirmity and just to make sure no one misses the point, Bane actually
taunts Bruce's weakness as they fight. Clearly, Bane wasn't made
cleverer than Batman, Batman was made stupid to serve the plot. This
however is no more stupid than the original 'Knightfall' storyline;
Nolan simply should not have adapted it for his third film. Then
consider the stupidity of the GCPD in allowing themselves to be trapped
underground with no reserves to even direct the traffic (and if you
don't hold sufficient personnel back to function as an effective force,
you haven't maintained a reserve). Next, Bruce Wayne's broken spine is
miraculously healed by a punch in the back and a few sit-ups, one of
the most stupid plot contrivances ever, but worse, his other physical
disabilities are cured by him simply getting his push-ups program back
on track. While heroes making spectacular recoveries from life
threatening injuries is a clich of just about every movie genre, this
'recovery' actually insults the audiences' intelligence (I note here
that Batman was cured of his spinal injuries by magic in the
'Knightfall' saga too, another reason why Nolan shouldn't have used it
as the basis for this movie). Those who argue that Bruce's back injury
wasn't so severe as to paralyse him may have a point, but putting
myself in Bane's shoes here, I'd make damn sure that if I'd captured
BATMAN, that he wouldn't be walking ANYWHERE until well after I'd
executed my masterplan, if ever. Then, having been rescued by the
miraculously rejuvenated Batman, the GCPD then executes a frontal
assault against Bane's forces; fortunately for them Bane's forces
stupidly decide to give up the massive advantage favoured by the
defender (particularly in an urban environment such as Gotham) by
obligingly rushing into the attack themselves and almost everyone seems
to forget that the battle scene that ensues belongs in a movie like
'Kingdom of Heaven' or 'Lord of the Rings', because they're all
carrying 20th century guns rather than medieval weapons. Then, knowing
that Bane has the clean energy device, Batman gives Miranda Tate a gun
and turns his back on her, even though he should have least suspected
she might not be trustworthy. While there are a few other plot
contrivances that just laughable rather than dumb, mainly in the
handing over the role of Batman to John Blake, who will no doubt be
killed on his first patrol in the armour, having not even had Bruce
Wayne's ninja/league of shadows training (while I'm on the subject of
Robin John Blake, does anyone actually believe that Joseph
Gordon-Levitt could kick Christopher Judge's ass? Presumably that's why
it took place off camera), the out and out stupidities I've listed
above make me wonder how the director of the sublime 'The Dark Knight',
the incredible 'Inception' and the excellent 'Batman Begins', a
director renowned for the intelligence of his movies, could be
responsible for this stupidity-dependant travesty of a Batman film.
			
This movie has got to be the worst of the batman series! I was talked
into seeing this one and I was not looking forward it at all. But I
finally said whatever and went. When the movie started with the
"villain," the first thing that came to my mind was: "Where's the
joker?" Well, I guess it made sense that they couldn't, due Heath
Ledger's death. Anyway, I fell asleep through the middle of it and woke
up about 3/4s into it and I wasn't confused at all about what was going
on. I like Marvel, but I don't like DC. If you aren't into DC, this
isn't for you. I would give it one star, but the only thing that's
stopping me from doing that was Anne Hathaway's performance. 3/10
stars.
			
When I heard Bane was going to be in the last movie, naturally I was
hyped. I mean, he's my favorite comic book movie villain of all time.
What could possibly go wrong? EVERYTHING! This movie is full of dumbass
moments, poorly executed plot and Bane is wearing Darth Vader's crotch
piece for some reason. WHY?! Say what you want about Joel Schumacher's
Batman and Robin, but at least THAT movie had Bane in his natural form,
even if he was a retarded gorilla-monkey.The plot to this movie starts off strong, with Not-Bane clearly making
it known to us that he is a terrorist and he means business. Bruce
Wayne has stopped being Batman and now sports a leg injury and cane,
even though Christian Bale looks way to young to be the Batman from
Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns. He decides to be Batman again
after an also too young Anne Hathaway steals his fingerprints and...I can't recall the plot to this movie. All I remember is sitting in the
theater with the same bad feeling in my gut that I had when I sat
through M. Night Shyamalan's "Signs". It was only after I checked out
reviews of the Dark Knight Rises that everyone pointed out the same
problem that Signs had: all the plot holes. How did Batman recover from
being mauled by Not-Bane in a few days and yet take years to recover
from a leg injury? If Not-Bane is going to blow up the city, why give
the trigger to some random civilian? Because that random civilian turns
out to be Talia al-Ghul! BUM Bum bummmm...STUPID! Talia was given no development outside of sleeping with Bruce
Wayne (hey, isn't Catwoman supposed to be in this movie?) and that's
it. If you're going to have a twist, movie, you need to establish
elements within said twist before you execute it, like *SPOILERS FOR
ANYONE WHO HASN'T SEEN "FROZEN" YET* Prince Hans being established as a
nice guy and turning out to be a huge douche. Oh, that scene was
glorious...Another problem is that this movie suffers from the absence of Batman.
Instead, we get Batman's mentally challenged cousin Crazy Steve (who
made his debut in All-Star Batman and Robin #1) who gets tricked into a
trap by Anne Hathaway and then has the buhjesus beaten out of him by
Not-Bane. GOOD; he deserved it after All-Star BAR.Overall, this is NOT a fitting end to Nolan's Dark Knight movies. It
suffers from major plot holes and poorly executed story elements, as
well as Crazy Steve being an amateur when it comes to things like
thought. The only two good things going for it are Not-Bane, who is
still very enjoyable despite his lack of luchador masks, and the fights
in broad daylight, in which we get to see Crazy Steve get mashed up in
full splendor. Ah, it's the little things that make me happy, unlike
this giant piece of crap.
			
You know the hackneyed device used in many of the Bond films - the
overly talkative villain? He has to stop and explain everything or just
wants to gloat, which gives Bond a chance to escape whatever dire
situation he is in. That's this movie. I swear it seemed like all the
dialog in "The Dark Knight Rises" was exposition. All the characters
were saddled with clumsy speeches explaining what was happening. That's
just one of the many problems with this long, over-wrought, lumbering
excuse for an action movie.I was not a fan of the first 2 entries in the series, except for Heath
Ledger's performance as the Joker in the second film. This one has some
nice special effects, and Ann Hathaway is okay as Catwoman, but that's
about it.There are some very good actors in DKR who are totally wasted. Tom
Hardy is hidden behind a mask the whole movie as the villain Bane, and
his dialog is mostly incomprehensible. Gary Oldman and Michael Caine
are obviously just picking up a paycheck. Morgan Freeman gets to give
Batman his high-tech toys and then fades into the background. It's kind
of sad watching them sleep walk through this mess.Then there's Christian Bale with his cheesy grumbling Batman voice. Is
that really supposed to help hide his Bruce Wayne identity? There are
moments where it is laugh-out-loud funny.The script is convoluted and the pace of the film is awkward. Was this
really made by Christopher Nolan, the same guy behind the brilliant
"Inception"? Hard to believe. It looks like they are setting the stage for yet another sequel, which
will rake in the dough and and make all the fan boys happy. I will not
be rushing out to see it.
			
--------- WARNING! ALSO CONTAINS SPOILER FOR THE DARK KNIGHT ----------People are saying that The Dark Knight Rises is stupid compared to
Nolan's other Batman films. I think that's unfair. The Dark Night was
equally stupid, and Heath Ledger was its only salvation, kind of like
how Jack Nicolson saved The Shining from being a turkey. Don't kid
yourself. Imagine The Shining without him.So I liked Batman Begins, and then hated The Dark Knight. Here's a few
reasons why. - A variety of story threads that never really went
anywhere interesting. - Bothering to create the whole Two Face back
story only to kill him off before he did anything interesting as Two
Face! - Increasingly fantastical hardware and general overuse of "Cool"
effects (Especially the bat vision) - Emergence of terrible and generic
Hollywood cheese  the thing with the bomb and the boat. An absolute
behemoth of predictability. Agonising.So on to the Dark Knight Rises, or Why Didn't They Just Make The Dark
Knight Returns?Much of the film felt like there was a real underlying desire to make
the Dark Knight Returns. I can't help but wonder why they didn't. I
mean the overall theme for Bruce Wayne is the same in the sense that it
is about him trying to find a way to live without Batman. Did they
think they could write a similar but better story than Frank Miller?It happens all the time. A character that has survived on merit for
decades in another medium is handed to a flavour of the month director
and, rather than pick up one of the classic stories that has kept the
thing alive for so long, that director decides that they know how to do
it better. In reality they almost never do and in this case, just to
rub salt in the wound, there are more than enough classic Batman
stories to keep a credible Hollywood franchise ticking over forever.Who cares anyway. There's so much wrong with the movie that it doesn't
matter.The need to up the anti on the gadget front went into overdrive here
with a strange flying machine and a fusion reactor that was
astonishingly easy to weaponize. So after making so much effort to
ground this iteration of Batman in contemporary reality they suddenly
revert to Adam West world with a nice big round bomb. (Which  in case
you didn't know  some days you just cant get rid of.) Then there was
the inmate in the prison who can punch a broken back better! I suppose
that might have made sense to some people. It's like a musculoskeletal
version of Homeopathy.Also, the action sequences have become increasingly silly as this
trilogy has progressed and there were some moments that were hard not
to laugh at. The stadium sequence especially. This is a common problem
when certain directors are given too much freedom. The third Lord Of
The Rings movie is another recent example, and all the new Star Wars
Movies, and the Matrix 2 & 3. Is there a pattern here? Trilogitis?Roll out the mega cheese.First Mathew Modine's character. We all knew he was going to have a
heroic change of heart. Why? Because we've all seen that same shallow
character do the same thing a hundred times before in a hundred other
movies.Then came the horribly telegraphed ending. Once Alfred made his speech
about the caf I spent the rest of the film trying to pretend it wasn't
going to happen, but of course it did, I knew it would, and it was even
worse than I expected it to be. Why? Well because, in addition to being
a cheese fest of epic proportions, it made no sense in the context of
the Batman character or the movie. Batman is kind of a functioning
borderline sociopath with strong narcissistic qualities and it seems
ludicrous that he would one day just settle down and live a normal
life, with a career criminal that he barely knows. But it was only
later that it annoyed me on that level.So are he and Alfred never going to speak again?That was what I thought while I watched it happen. I mean Alfred is
like a father to Bruce Wayne. Are they really going to go their
separate ways? After everything they've done together? Just because of
something Alfred said that related to a different time in both their
lives? An extraordinarily superficial attempt to engineer an emotional
farewell.Some people that I have talked to about this have said that I am
emotionally limited. Paradoxically, I think the same about them. There
are people who cry at the end of ET, and there are people who cry at
the end of Brief Encounter. The two appear to be mutually exclusive.Then there's Bane. I never liked Bane in the comics. He was silly. So
it was quite a surprise to find myself watching a movie where Bane
appeared as a genuinely menacing cult leader, and everything around him
became increasingly laughable.Then we have one of my pet hates, the Deus Ex Machina. In this movie it
comes when Talia reveals her true identity. Much like Bane, I never
really liked Ras Al Ghul or anything relating to him and his, but the
Talia revelation annoyed me on a basic plot device level. I blame M.
Night Shyamalan for popularising this sort of nonsense as being
interesting or cleaver. Every time I see it happen my brain
involuntarily adds an orchestral Dun Dun Dahhh.The only positive here is that the movie looks great, but even that
becomes a negative as you begin to accept that you are viewing a
classic example of style over substance.Favourite bit: The hijack of the plane, before it all started to get on
my nerves.
			
In the months leading up to the release of "The Dark Knight Rises",
Nolan was quoted as saying that his goal was to "end the story". I'm
guessing because he was tired of it and didn't want to be pestered
about it anymore. I maintained all along that the story didn't NEED to
be ended, that it could continue indefinitely in the same fashion that
James Bond did; it wasn't necessary for each movie to connect to the
last, and it would have been easy enough to make each movie its own
unit. Because of Nolan's plans to put this personal pee on the
franchise, my expectations weren't high, and I refused to see this
movie in the theaters.Time passed, and I ended up watching it on DVD at a friend's house.
Rating film adaptations of comics is always a value judgment depending
on what you consider important. My criteria and ratings are as follows:Is the movie campy, seemingly designed to sell toys? Grade: A. Like its
two prequels, it's an adult-oriented film given a serious treatment.
The Star Wars franchise could learn much from this, but probably won't.
Movie studios (excepting New Line Cinema) are about selling action
figures today, not creating enduring artwork that will generate money
for decades to come.Is it a Batman movie? Grade: D. I saw very little of the Batman costume
in this and a whole lot of Blake. Instead, it's a long and rather
depressing story of Bruce Wayne in decline. Had they done away with the
costumes and changed the character names, no one would have known this
was a Batman story and it could have just been marketed as the latest
Lethal Weapon sequel. Many of us were hoping to see the Batmobile or
the Batcave at some point, and we never got it. You're left with the
impression they might appear in the story after the movie ends, but in
someone else's hands. Instead, what we got was a "Bat Harrier" that
doesn't even look like it could fly, a seeming attempt to cash in on
Avengers Mania; one major edge that "The Dark Knight" had on the Marvel
movies is that it works its characters into the frame of reality
instead of forcing reality to fit the characters with hasty and
unconvincing CGI.Did it follow some semblance of the comic storyline? Grade: F. Selina
Kyle's treatment was spot on, true to her story roots. But so much of
the other character story lines were altered to fit Nolan's vision of
killing everything off in one movie (ala X-Men 3) that it was hard to
sit through to the end. "Batman and Robin" was what happens when a
studio exercises too much control over the director to sell toys and
t-shirts; "The Dark Knight Rises" is what happens when they exercise
none at all to retain a director. Surely what the Warner Brothers execs
learned from "The Dark Knight" is the formula for a successful
superhero movie... you'd think. "The Dark Knight Rises" crosses the
line between adaptation and re-imagining, and I can't recall any
re-imagining that was an improvement on the original. What the fans
want is NOT a total reinvention of the story, just a legitimate take on
it without campiness, stupidity, and special effects overkill.Casting; Grade: B. This is Anne Hathaway's finest hour, and she REALLY
looks good in the suit. This is the best reason I can think of to see
the movie. Talia Al Ghul? Good. But Tom Hardy? His speech sounds like a
perfect cross between Sean Connery and Elmer Fudd. The rest of the cast
is a holdover from the first two movies, so there wasn't much to screw
up.In the end, Nolan did what he set out to do: terminate the series as
fast as possible. But I won't be watching "Man of Steel", and I'm glad
I didn't shell out $20 for popcorn on this one.
			
Despite being a Batman fan since a was 6 (now 33), I got to say that
this movie was not my cup of tea. In fact i found it a bit stupid. So
where to start? Many of the new characters where not at all introduced
properly, the longitude of Bruce Wayne being held prisoner was fuzzy at
best, the idiotic dialog, the total lack of timeline, etc. etc.I think my major problem with this movie (and the two before), is that
its action movies with Batman in them. Not Batman movies with action in
them. I really enjoyed the Tim Burton movies because they had both the look,
feel and characters of the comics and the Batman universe, where the
new ones a basic Hollywood action (with better acting than the common
blockbuster though) with Batman as almost the lead.Grumpy old man? Perhaps. Disappointed? Yes indeed!
			
I waited so long to see the final chapter in an amazing series.I missed
the movie in the theaters because I was busy so I waited some rough 4-5
months to release it on DVD. I am a die hard batman fan and I follow up
all his past cartoon series movies and cartoon movies.Batman cartoon
series 1992 established that Batman is not only for children and so its
series. Then I watched Batman begins and I was so happy that some
director bring the Batman I like (and I think most of us like) Dark
knight was good too due to Its Joker But this last part sadly undone
all the hard work .It was like I am watching a common Bollywood (Indian
movie) ,Because of these reasons 1- Movie was almost 3 hrs long like
Indian movies but even then It didn't provides important details for
viewers about bane , ras al gue's daughter 2- Its started so slow that even being a hardcore fan my mind send me
5-6 signals to switch off the movie. They started it very slow and
ended in so hurry that even forget many details to tell.3-Some reviewers already pointed out the huge mistake and clinch in
story like -All the policemen went in tunnels and stuck in there for 3
months and walked out fine clean shaved ,wearing new cloths ,healthy
(don't know how they got food)-The Nuke reactor had an timer attached to it like a nuke bomb ha ha-The nuke bomb (LOL) batman carried away in sea for 2 mins and it blown
away and still city is fine .How on earth you can put as climax in a
Batman movie.I mean no tsunami , no side effect of the nuke bomb that
was suppose to swap the 3-mile radius (that make it 6 mile circle) Nice4-There is almost no batman in movie Yes NO batman .Yes there is a Guy
who wear batman suit appears for 14-15 mins in whole movie .This guy is
even not batman.I tell you why because Thats mean any guy who is more
physically powerful then batman can easily beat him .Batman we know
always find a way to solute the problem when he realize there is one
But not in this movie .He just ran to villain who beat the hell out of
him broke his back and throw him into underground cell 5- Almost everyone In the city knows Wayne is Batman ,ooh come on there
is this scene where Robin(haha) tells us that he saw bruce wayne fake
smile somewhere and as an orphan He himself use fake smile to hide his
sorrow and pain and by this calculation he got to know that Wayne is
Batman.But That make every 6 out of 10 men Batman in the city who do
the same 6-I can write down a whole book on this but I give it a rest (But my
limited English wont allow me to do that :P) as policemen running
towards bad guys like they don't have guns but swords, Poorly done
fighting scenes where 10-15 guys circling around Batman having gun but
not the single one of them firing but getting close to batman and then
throw their faces toward his punches Come on Finally Bad action scenes , poor storyline , error details , This movie
even don't deserve 3/10 but I have to give'em up for Batman sake and
and and 8.8 rating on IMDb shows that IQ level of general population is
on decline
			
What's all the fuss about with these new incarnations of Batman? The
first one was instantly forgettable, the second only sparked when the
Joker was on-screen, and the third is a confusing, overlong waste of
time, save for the wonderful and super-sexy Catwoman. Grrrrr.After a messy, incoherent opening sequence during which neither myself
or my wife had any idea of what was going on, we then found ourselves
wondering at numerous points in the movie exactly when it would finish.A major flaw of the film is the music, which is so loud the characters
are constantly shouting to be heard over it. I missed so much dialogue
I gave up trying to follow the 'plot'.It's also a bleak, dull, depressing affair which doesn't encourage the
viewer to endure repeat screenings.On the plus side, I loved Anne Hathaway's Catwoman, a sleek, sexy
feline who stole the entire show for me, just as the Joker did in the
previous outing.Apart from her, though, there's nothing to get even remotely excited
about here, unless you're impressed when comic books are filmed in dark
colours and there's much frowning and glowering, etc.I think that's what accounts for the vast appeal of this trilogy - the
fact that comics aren't supposed to be adult in theme or presentation,
yet here they are.I'm afraid, there needs to be more for me than a grown-up version of
Batman.POW!
			
It is difficult to write a bad review of a Batman movie. The franchise,
started for most of us in childhood,grew to reach major movie studio
treatment. That being said, the Dark Night Rises is a laughable attempt
at completing the Batman story. At a very long 2 hour and 45 minutes, I
eventually felt I was being held against my will. In fact, by the end,
I was hoping that Metropolis would once and for all be destroyed. As
luck would have it, that did not come to pass. The movie was filled
with plot holes, a cardboard villain and contrived drama. As the clock
on the bomb counted down from the overused 5 seconds, a silent cheer
could be heard in the audience watching with me as it appeared the end
was near. The plot line, hard to call it that as it is more of a plot
meander, like a slow moving stream that carves its way snaking along
the unremarkable flatness of the mid-west, covers far too much
territory far too glibly. The only character that was actually fun to
watch was that of Anne Hathaway, and not for the most obvious of
reasons. Her snide and cynical portrayal seems just right for this
abomination of a film. I lack the ambition to finish this review as it
makes me relive nearly three hours when I was held prisoner by The
Batman!
			
I just finished watching the movie and the first thing I wanted to
Google was, "The Dark Knight Rises plot holes," because I COULDN'T be
the only one who saw them all. Lo and behold, there were hundreds of
people writing about them. I then breathed a sigh of relief that people
were actually critically analyzing vs. blindly absorbing. BUT, then I
went to this website and saw the movie rated 8.6 out of 10!!! The 46th
best movie of all time??!! Are you fu*king kidding me??!! What a joke.The sad part is, I bet the people who gave it a 10 out of 10 don't even
know what a movie plot is and what makes for a good one. I bet they
have no idea what character development is, a movie timeline, logical
event sequences, etc. They probably just see guns, explosions, car
chases and fighting and thus rate the movie as EXCELLENT...I mean, with
all those cool things how could it not be? (eye roll) This is one of
the major flaws in a democracy, too many sheep get a vote.Batman Begins was excellent, don't get me wrong and so was The Dark
Knight, but this one was not, it's that simply. They didn't even try.
Just Google "The Dark Knight Plot Holes" if you want to know what I'm
taking about. It takes more than cheesy action scenes to make a great
movie...oh who am I kidding, if you gave the movie a bad rating I am
preaching to the choir, if you gave it a great rating I wouldn't be
able to sway you anyhow.To sum it up. The Dark Knight Rises was cheesy, illogical, ridiculous,
unbelievable, and went against common sense...but, it did have some
really cool graphics and fun toys. However, even if you did combine all
the coolest machines and you placed them all in one movie, in the end,
it never adds any depth of the plot, it just distracts from it.
			
I DARE you to watch this film objectively and judge it on its own
merits, and I guarantee you that it will be found wanting. I loved The
Dark Knight: it wasn't perfect, but it was very, very good. The Dark
Knight Rises takes all of the bad bits from TDK and makes a lengthy
film out of them.Number 1: If I pay to see a Batman movie, I should expect the Bat
himself on the screen for a good portion of the movie. Without going
into spoilers, I was very, very disappointed of the lack thereof in the
second act.Number 2: The pacing is dreadful. So few action sequences it hurts; so
many panning shots of Gotham it's tiring.Number 3: The plot: not immersive, unbelievable, far from exciting or
stimulating. The main threat to Gotham in the finale (I say finale,
it's the latter hour-and-a-half) is weak, and, if it were featured in
any other film, it would be poo-pood. Why on earth the choice to set it
years after TDK? It adds nothing to the story; it only invites further
disbelief.Number 4: The action sequences - absolutely terribly-directed, with the
hand-to-hand stuff being reminiscent of West. Just wow.Number 5: Bane. Lol. I mean, seriously, lol. So unthreatening it's
hilarious.If you've seen it already, do so again. But this time, put out of your
head that it's the sequel to 2 very good Batman movies (not hard, given
#1). Then we'll talk.I can honestly say that I wish I had not seen this movie.
			
Before the movie was released i was excited hoped that Christopher
Nolan would come up with some new fantasies in the concluding partBut i was deeply disappointed terribly frowning this doesn't look like
a Nolan directed movie it had so many flaws the story was the worst
ever made in his career (second most disgusting film made by him was
his Shutter Island)I love his twist and turns the first two parts are watchable The Dark
Knight 2008 is an epic irreplaceable movieIn this concluding part Nolan believes his audiences easily to be
fooled so many blind followers of himMovie is overratedI am disappointed with the story magnificently full of flaws!!
			
I had great expectations when I went to see this one. After 30 min I
was thrilled, thinking this would be the best of the 3 Batman movies by
C Nolan, then after 1 hour I was bored, just watching the watch to see
how much more I had to suffer through this over pretentious movie.Not to mention deaf by the way too (much) loud sound effects, and
struggling to hear Batman's voice (warf warf) and Bane's metallic one.And Bane?? Even Kick Ass would ... kick his ass .... easily, not to
mention what Hit Girl would do to such a lame villain.Hugely disappointing movie that I had looked forward to for months to
see, good thing I didn't spend more of my money seeing it at IMAX. For
ones, most of the newspaper reviews got it right, and film magazines as
Total Film and Empire got it all wrong (they do more and more, just see
what they wrote about "worst movie of the last 1 years" Kill List).
			
What can I say about the year's most anticipated finale to an utterly
exceptional trilogy (well, exceptional for two-thirds of it)? Lots of
things and few of them positive. I saw this as part of a
triple-billing. So I dare say that a combination of factors prevented
my enjoyment  perhaps the late night, the freshness in my mind of its
two fantastic prequels, or simply the strain of sitting through over
nine hours of ear-piercing action. Whatever it was, I'm sorry to say
that TDKR has left me baffled, frustrated and completely unsatisfied.
Spoilers abound herein.I'll begin with the solitary aspect of the film that WAS done well.
Bane was awesome. Outdoing the Joker was never going to be an easy
feat, and no, he doesn't really outdo him, but he manages to be a scary
character in his own right without ever making you think, "Man, I wish
the Joker was back." Nothing will ever erase memories of the Joker, but
you're able to accept Bane as a totally different character in a whole
new story, rather than just a crude remodelling of his predecessor. He
is a little hard to understand at times, but in my opinion that just
made him even scarier. The accent, the voice, the half-covered face,
the unbeatable strength, the fact that he's unclouded by remorse,
conscience or delusions of morality  he was a brilliant, bad-ass
villain played to chilling perfection by the wonderfully changeable Tom
Hardy.Sadly, he was the only well-written feature on-show, and as the whole
show is not all about him, that should tell you something about the
rest of the film's writing. Christopher Nolan is one clever cookie. He
wrote Inception. The Prestige. MEMENTO, for God's sake. He is normally
very careful to avoid plot holes, inconsistencies and things that
aren't tied up very well. All three glitches are shamelessly paraded
here. The gist of the storyline goes something like this: Batman
begrudgingly returns to the superhero business after retiring at the
end of TDK, but soon has bigger problems on his hands than Gotham
City's devious fiends; his enterprise has been hijacked, causing him to
lose all of his money. He tries not to let it break his spirit, but
after being beaten to a bloody pulp by Bane, is sent to a grimy prison
outside the country  where, after a series of nonsensical healing
procedures (how does one recover from a broken back that easily?), he
must learn to regain his power, agility and, most crucially, concern
for humanity. Once better, he returns to Gotham to stop Bane, whose
posse has taken over the town and brought quite a literal hell on Earth
to its residents. So...ahem...how did he get out of the country when
he's broke? How did he get back INTO the country when he's broke? Did
he have a spare credit card on him that hadn't been affected by the
liquidation? How'd he get back in when Bane had irrevocably closed off
every perimeter of Gotham to ensure that nobody could escape or enter?
There's even a scene where Alfred does something that the Alfred whom
we all know and love would never, ever do  gives up on Bruce and
resigns from his service. He then disappears for the last half of the
film and doesn't reappear until just two minutes left to go.
Where...the HELL...did he go all of that time?And oh, the endless enigmas of Catwoman. I love Anne Hathaway, but her
involvement in this film didn't work for me either. She starts off
exasperating as a character and ends even worse. Now I knew going into
it that she'd been described as more of an anti-hero than a villain, so
I prepped myself for the inescapability that she was always going to be
tricky to figure out. But that, too, is spewed out at the wrong angle.
It actually infuriates me that, by the end of the film, they try to
convince you that she's not really a bad person per se; she's secretly
a hard yet soulful person thrown into bad situations that she must use
any means to escape from. What pathetic, complete and utter horses***.
She chooses to do everything that she does. She slinks through the film
using just about every idiotic excuse you can think of to justify her
actions  including the perennial favourite "A girl has to eat"; honey,
you can't eat diamonds  and is even the primary cause of Batman being
left for dead at the hands of Bane, something over which she shows no
regret later. And her reason? Something along the lines of "They were
gonna kill me." This coming from the woman who shows in several
previous scenes that she's capable of taking down whole roomfuls of
guys. But when it comes to risking the life of Gotham's most imperative
hero, there's no way that she can get out of it? And Bruce's constant
forgiving of her, all because he believes that "there's more to her
than what shows on the surface" or some sentimental bullcrap, just
makes him look like a d***less idiot. He is never once given ANY reason
to think this. Would he be asserting the same outlook if she was a guy?
I ended up losing respect for him on these grounds. And there's another
problem - Batman just isn't Batman in this outing. Worst of all, her
scenes were predictable. Anybody with an IQ higher than their shoe size
would know why she kisses Bruce after dancing with him in an early
scene. This trick is like 60 years old. How could the Caped Crusader
fall for it? And the kiss that they share later is equally stupid
because, well..."MORONS! THERE'S A BOMB ABOUT TO ERADICATE THE ENTIRE
CITY!" Ruurgh.My two cents. Now I'm gonna go watch The Room. At least the plot holes
in that film were funny.
			
This movie should be morphed into a cartoon for kids 7-10 years old. I
can't believe that people are allowed to spend so much money making
trash like this. And that we still go to see it. Heartless acting
ridiculous screenplay and dialogue. Poor production, could barely
understand what anyone was saying but so what ....what they were saying
we've heard in every other film of this type anyway. And the scene
development was chaos. I never knew what was happening or why. When the
cops attacked Bane's men who were armed with automatic weapons as
opposed to the cops with flashlights and steel bars what a joke, they
never fired their weapons!. My advise is don't go to see this shovelled
manure anymore at the theaters for $9-12 ea. Rent it if you really need
to see it. Also how much of a weepy Michael Caine can anyone take?
			
Well,managed to get through the two hours and forty five minutes!Not
much of batman in it....... not for those that had to pay to see it.And
Robin? Where was Robin?In this version of a very popular comic book
hero Robin spends the movie as a cop.There was not really any plot,the
acting was below standard and even for a batman flick a lot of the
scenes were totally unrealistic.Also the bad guy Bane was lame.Is that
all Hollywood could come up with?A bloody joke and a waste of money.This has been the way of many movies over the last few years.As the
viewing technology gets better and better,what comes out of Hollywood
gets worse and worse.$250,000,000 to make Batman?.....that has to be a
typical Hollywood exaggeration,What a load of rubbish!For a movie with some great special effects it was boring.
			
I had no real expectations for this movie but never thought it would be
that bad. The tone is sort of alright, but the pacing is terrible, not
to mention it just didn't had to be that long. Acting is mediocre at
best and the action scenes are unimaginative. Compared to the other two
movies its just crap.I believe when it comes to superhero movies in Hollywood they are just
generally getting the whole picture wrong. And its especially tricky in
the case of Batman since he is also a unique animal" among all the DC
and Marvel superheroes since he doesn't have any kind of superpower.You know there is a difference being Batman and a guy wearing a bat
costume. There must be a reason why a character dresses like idiot".
In the comics and cartoons Batman is intimidating and turns out to be
an extremely clever guy, always planning ahead and bringing interesting
moral questions into the equasion while Bruce Wayne is like any other
generic person. Here Christian Bale is a guy wearing a bat costume and
this time there is no Heath Ledger to save the movie. Don't get me
wrong its not just the actor's fault, creating a perfect Batman
requires the cooperation of the director, the writers etc...Apart from that there are many problems with the movie bu I don't feel
the need to list them on a wall of text.
			
Just plain awfully dull. Okay, it started off nicely with Tom Hardy as
Bane. Tom Hardy as usual was smooth and had a strong presence in the
movie. I was hooked. We then got to Wayne Manor with a hurt Bruce Wayne
that is only a shadow of what he was. For the first time since 'Batman
Begins' I felt that he was vulnerable, human. That made me even more
interested, Catwoman was just plain annoying but I wasn't going to let
her ruin the movie. Anne Hathaway has got to be the most annoying
actress I've come across, she was so serious yet hollow in her
portrayal. But like I said two things hooked me: Bane and Bruce Wayne
finally appearing vulnerable again. Then we got to the point of Bruce
returning as Batman Again and one scene with the rookie cop in the
tunnel after the heist gave me goosebumps. Batman was like a
mythological creature coming to life, that was great stuff. Except for
the occasional appearance of Catwoman and thugs running again at Batman
pointing their guns without shooting although they can just shoot him.
But still I was as excited as a 6 year old kid for Batman to meet Bane
and when it happened I wasn't disappointed. The rise and fall of Batman
was a tragedy worthy of mention like that of Shakespeare. Amazing.But then we got to the other half of the movie, then it is in that half
where it turned from being a great movie to being an awfully dull
movie. Nothing interesting is happening. What Bruce was doing from then
on as with Bane is something of a hollow trip on tired clichs that we
have seen so many times. Dumb, incompetent cops as in the first Dark
Knight trilogy, a scheming invincible villain, Rocky wannabe return of
Batman minus humanity inside the character and overly sentimental
(hollow) way of portraying good vs. evil. How about it took Bruce only
a couple of months to recover from spinal dislocation and possibly disc
herniation? Seriously, it is Batman but Batman is not superhuman it
would have taken him a year, possibly many years to even to be able to
walk normally. That's "*beep logic!" logic that lets itself down. Then
we go to the end and the wannabe twist that desperately tried to give
its audience "holy *beep*?!" feel. At that point I just didn't care for
the movie anymore. By the way, modern cops charging forward like it was
a battle from the era of Spartans? Now why establish the movie as
sci-fi, modern and realistic when you have moments such as that? I
mean, with promises of making Batman more realistic it just turns its
back on it and says: "*beep* logic!" That's immature. I love the first
half but the second half really makes it awful.
			
"The Dark Knight Rises" popped up on some "Best of 2012" lists, and my
sister-in-law wanted us to watch it over the holidays, so we did. But I
really can't understand how anyone over the age of maybe 18 could think
this was even watchable. The script is childish, clumsy and riddled
with unbelievable plot problems. The direction is immature. Christian
Bale is so wooden and un-charismatic it's literally painful to watch
him. The main bad guy seems to have this inexplicable surround-sound
amplifier embedded in his mask that, and the sound level in general
goes from "I can't hear this" to "aaahhh, turn it down" throughout the
picture. Granted, the production values are pretty good for the
tens-of-millions spent on it, and there is some inventive military
equipment. But seriously....by no stretch of imagination could this be
considered one of the best movies of the year.
			
Falling into the trap of so many recent second sequels, having to live
up to the hype of its prequels, a bloated meandering story, a huge
budget, and a giant cast of characters to create a loud, blustering
finale.The huge cast stops us from truly delving into characters, and we are
left with actors turgidly spewing a stale script about wealth and
redistribution and other poorly written themes.Fighting for space amongst the action, the thundering soundtrack booms
repetitively, growing in intensity throughout.Nolan this time seems unable to edit his movie into concise chunks
instead layering, action scene upon action scene, with little lay up
except for a short gasp between action scenes. He is unable to build a
steady rhythm and I find myself exhausted after the first hour of
fireworks.The production is fantastic, the effects truly amazing, as objects
explode, crash, and hurtle explosively all over the screen. A
disappointing finale, that struggles with its serious aims, as it sends
its caped hero in a violent adventure to overcome other violence, with
his particular brand of self-righteous vigilante violence. A grand
disappointment.
			
Frankly I was bored throughout this film and I checked the time several
times to see how long it had left to run. The main characters had lost
their zest and the only shining star was Michael C as Alfred.the villain of the piece was 2 dimensional and wasn't menacing or
psychotic or anything much really. Did you want a cracking villain like
the riddler or joker ? well you don't get one. what you get is someone
talking gruffly and appearing to want to be somewhere else. It seems he
was as bored as I was.the fight scenes are fairly lame and instead of the stunning grainy
look of a smoke filled and grimy city with an air of menace that filled
the earlier movies in the series you get just another American city
with a few bridges. the mood just isn't there either in Batman or the
visual drama of a well shot film... no mood, no atmosphere, it's ...
welll... plastic.Don't expect anything wonderful in the special effects and gizmo. It's
just same old same old... no stunning car chases and nothing to put you
on the edge of your seat or catch your breath...if you have a cold and wet afternoon on your own then it's better than
watching cartoons... just.
			
Let me start by saying i'm a huge Batman Fan.Now... if your're thinking of renting/watching this movie, put your
cash back in your pockets and instead just think about all the other
batman movies y6ou have seen. Done that? good, you have just saved your
self money and not ruined your view on Batman.How do I even start, OK, everyone who likes this movie must also like
the George clooney batman movies (with cheesy Robin) the plot is
Pathetic, Dire, poor, and awful, Bain is ridiculous, he cries, has a
projected voice from a mask that keeps him alive, speaks with an
English accent, that sounds a bit high pitched and camp, (why must all
Baddies be English, come on Hollywood get out of the 90's) the fight
scenes lame, the mass fight on the street all just punching each other,
then with guns then not, oh dear, All the cops go in the sewers, - all of them... really? OK now the reason Batman works is that its believable, that he is a
slightly mad millionaire, not with super powers, this makes the film
believable, in fact Batman begins tried very very hard to make us
believe in him... Then they made this film and turned him in to a
laughing stick beaten by a stupid villain, in a silly mask with a silly
story, crying, with a silly twist and a silly end.Batman? no Sillyman yes.
			
What happened? I really loved Nolans second Batman and was more than
willing to embrace this one as well. But then I sat in the cinema and
waited for it to become interesting...I guess my main problem with the movie is the following: I did not
understand (sometimes literally) the bad guys plan. Did they want to
prove a point by giving the power to the people or blow up the city? Or
both? Blowing up the city would have been easy. They had the bomb, they
had the trigger, so why wait? What was the point? And why didn't they
leave and blow up the bomb from a save distance? Fulfilling "father's
destiny" includes dieing with the city? The movie wanted too much and did not have time to deliver. The
Batman-Alfred-conflict did not work for me (suddenly Alfred leaves,
after everything that has happened before?), the love-stories were
simply confusing (First he likes the one who turns out to be evil and
then suddenly he likes the other one...), the big emotional journey
into the pit, pulling himself out "of his death-wish" was very
foreseeable.Why, oh why...?
			
This movie is very overestimated. In general the movie contains to many
clichs and bad one liners, and the acting is very bad. Both in general
and compared to the prequels. A couple of times its almost so
embarrassing that i felled sorry for the director because the scenes
must have been very awkward to make. The story line dos not follow any
traditional rhythm. Not always a bad thing, but in this movie its very
annoying. A lot of scenes are very short and just give you a feeling of
emptiness, because they lack purpose. When Catwoman for the third time
lets Batman down and he still trust her you just get angry because not
even a superhero would act so naive. In general the lack of realism
makes the movie boring because you don't fell anything will watching
the movie. I heard something about Oscars? That must be a joke.
			
After the first two installments of Batman we were looking forward to a
fun and entertaining conclusion. Instead, it seemed this movie dragged
along at a snail's pace, other than for a couple too-long fight scenes.What happened to the characters? Three hours and only Robin showed any
real character or depth. Cat Woman came in about 4th in the Cat Women
of the past. Not only Michelle in The Penquin, but also Eartha Kitt and
Julie Newmar far surpassed the latest model.As for a villain, there was nothing remotely special about this
incredible hulk, other than his muffled speech. We found him totally
unbelievable and had far too many followers who were suicidal. I mean,
who in their right -- or wrong -- mind would follow this guy to their
certain death? I guess we must have seen a different movie than those
who are raving about this. Sorry, but we call 'um as we see 'um.
			
There was no reason why this silly comic book movie should be nearly
three hours long . With proper editing they could have shaved this film
down to 90 minutes without losing any memorable scenes . So what do you
expect when you see a super hero movie anyway ? Yes, an endless amount
of fight scenes , chase scenes, machine guns blazing , rockets flying
everywhere , doomsday plots , sub-plots , neck twisting , cops running
every which way , innocent school children looking very bored on a
bridge , one liners , minor romances, and so on and so on . Anyway ,the
only thing I came away with after the movie was over was : Catwoman was
very capable and sexy , Batman was the king of all mumblers , and Bane
was a fairly entertaining and cruel villain that sounded a lot like
Sean Connery . The rest was all water under the Gotham Bridge . My
advice to anyone that is not obsessed with comic book super hero movies
is : rent the DVD and fast forward through the boring stuff . Don't
worry about the silly doomsday plot . You've seen it a million times
before ! ...The Dark Knight Rises , Not Hot ( except for Ann Hathaway
of course ! ) PWH
			
So I've finally seen the new Dark Knight movie and I can honestly say,
without even comparing it to those that came before it: it sucked.Honestly, it's as if the writers just went on vacation and left a
couple coke heads to bang out a script and stamp "Batman" on it,
confident that the money would just roll in. This movie was so riddled
with continuity errors and inexplicable plot holes, that even my rather
forgiving willingness to suspend disbelief was seriously challenged.The rest of this is full of spoilers, so if that bothers you, you'd
best stop here. To start with the obvious: Bruce Wayne, a billionaire
playboy in prime condition and with no more villains to fight, locks
himself inside his mansion for eight years and his body somehow just
falls apart. A doctor x-rays his legs and tells him that there's no
cartilage in his knees, at which point Wayne responds by jumping out a
window and repelling down the building. He later proceeds to beat down
a bunch of bad guys and participate in a motorcycle chase. That little
brace on his right leg must have been pretty amazing.Then there's Bane's destructive campaign and the over-the-top plane
hijacking at the start of the film. Bane, with all his resources and a
small army of devoted followers is able to line a city of 11million
with explosives to detonate concurrently, but can't kill a few guys
guarding a scientist. Instead, it makes far more sense to highjack a
plane... from the outside... while in flight.While a pair of glasses appear to be enough to hide Superman's
identity, a kevlar suit, cape and cowl just don't seem to cut it for
our hero. Batman's true identity is apparently so easy to guess that a
beat cop figured it out all on his own by the expression on his face.
Bane knows too, some crazy how.Tate's mission is to destroy Gotham, and the smartest way to do this is
a convoluted plot to develop a brand new clean energy technology, build
a reactor under the city, kidnap the only scientist who knows how to
turn it into a bomb and fake his death. With resources like that you're
telling me she couldn't riddle the sewers with regular explosives, or
even just build a regular fission bomb?Every good guy is either rich or a cop. The rest of us are apparently
willing to follow a guy who blows up stadiums full of people. The
exception to this rule is Hathaway's Catwoman, who was fun to watch and
I'd love to see her get her own flick.Commissioner Gordon's soul-searching letter, revealed to the public by
Bane, while shooting up the city is supposed to somehow betray Gordon
to the public and make Bane look what... righteous? Wasn't he just
executing civilians? Why would anyone believe anything this man has to
say?Catwoman wants a blank slate so bad that she'll kidnap a congressman
and kill people, but she can't find a way to sneak into Cuba.Bruce Wayne, literally beaten and broken, with a piece of vertebrae
sticking out of his back is left at the bottom of a pit in some far
away failed state to watch his city burn on television. The solution? a
good punch in the back (that'll fix that pesky back bone) and lots of
push ups. He then manages to climb his way out, at which point he
magically transports his barefoot and penniless self back to Gotham, a
city under siege and barricaded on all sides. All of this takes place
in the span of five months. He shows up just in time to have a relaxed
conversation with Catwoman, grab his gear and with his cartilage-free
knees, still fight the bad guys to save the day. And then there's the
nuclear explosion which, really just.... I'm so mad about this.Look, if you have a thermo nuclear device on a really big string, and
you fly it out over the ocean for 1:30, you're just not going to get
far enough away from the city to save anyone. I don't care how fast the
SuperAwesomePhysicsDenyingBatPlane is. You're detonating a nuke *in the
atmosphere* off the coast of a major metropolitan city. At the very
least we're talking massive nuclear fallout poisoning the air for
hundreds of kilometers in all directions, and that's not even
considering the flesh-melting effects of the initial nuclear flash.
This was a bomb designed to destroy a city of 11million... a little
distance isn't going to help anyone.Lastly, a big screw-you goes out to the writers for comparing the 99%
to the murderous cult of Bane. From Kyle's heavy-handed foreshadowing
about the poor taking back what the rich stole, to Bane's populist
revolt murdering rich people in their homes, it's nice to be equated to
terrorists and thugs. Screw you guys.So no, I didn't like this movie. It's possibly the most overrated flick
I've ever seen and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
			
I am amazed anyone could give this film a positive review. I didn't
like very much about this movie and cannot recommend it.Even taking into consideration that this is a comic book story, it
makes very little sense and has so many holes in logic that it should
make your head throb. To fully explain all the problems with the plot
would require four paragraphs of spoilers! Also, there is a completely
uneven sense of time. While often time drags for what seems an
eternity, months pass in an instant leaving you wondering what's going
on.With the exception of the opening scene, I was disappointed in the
special effects. The film is too dark to see anything clearly, the Bat
Cycle is dreadful and the copter only fair. Give me a good old
Batmobile any day. The military vehicles given to Bane's mercenaries
looked like modified shoe boxes.The film is too long and here would be something nice, actually have
Batman in the movie. It felt like Batman appeared for only ten minutes
in the first two hours. Christian Bale mumbles in his role of Batman
that half the dialog is lost. Bane too, is unintelligible, speaking
through his mask.The highlight of the film is Anne Hathaway as Selina (Catwoman). She
gave the screen such energy every time see made an appearance. But her
performance is not enough to save this film. If you are a Batman -
comic book fan, see this movie. But if you like a well made movie, this
isn't it and I recommend you skip it.
			
After all the realism and psycho thriller of Batman Begins and The Dark
Knight, this film disappointed me.A huge first half of the movie was slow, which it needed to be to
explain the story, but the script was poor often resorting to lines
just for explaining stuff that were already obvious. And despite those
over-explanations and predictabilities, there are places that actually
lost me, and I usually follow film's trickiest plots.When the action does arrive into an epic batman vs bane fight, it
hadn't built me towards it at all. Then there's the predictable and
predictably pointless "dark knight rises" in a hole section. There's a
lot of action at least, and a lot of terrorism and economics aspects
which add some reality compared to the older movies. The story was
still predictable and uninvolving in my opinion.Whereas the other 2 movies pulled away so amazingly away from the camp
comic core characters, this one keeps trying to tie into those with
camply done catwoman and references to robin. The robin actor is good
though.The one thing that annoyed me the most really was the film not living
up to the title. When batman is down a hole with a broken back there's
nothing particularly epic, evoking or important about his "rise" for
me. I think they just named it The Dark Knight Rises to keep the ties
to the excellent previous film strong. But everyone knew it was
following the last 2 great movies. Surely there is a better title
option to describe what this film's focus is...
			
For the ones who are not acquainted with Mr. Christopher Nolan's work
prior to the batman trilogy, the Dark Knight Rises is a good movie.
Typical action movie, with effects, pursuits, betrayal and so onThe
visual will keep you on the edge of your seat. This third film closes
the loop to the two prior movies in the trilogy. We have the
introduction of Catwoman (with a kind of a sensitive side) and the end
might let us wonder if Christopher Nolan will keep making some other
Batman movies since we get a hint we might have found a Robin for
possible future Batman's adventure films. But let's be honest, the plot is thin. If it was not for the main
actors/ characters (found in each of the trilogy's movies) such as
Christian Bale, Gary Oldman, Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman and if it
was not for the reputation of Christopher Nolan as an "once upon the
time" great director, the movie might not be so popular. It seems that
Christopher Nolan has sacrificed talent for big production films that
bring money at the box office. When you have seen Following (which is a cinema classic, made with less
than 4000 English pounds), Memento (which is a piece of art), Prestige
(which makes you want to watch it again as soon as you finish the first
viewing), you cannot help wondering what happened to Mr. Christopher
Nolan. Even Inception and Insomnia were still way above average and the
first of the trilogy "Batman Begins" was interesting because it
explored the origins of Batman (excellent idea). But there was no need
for the second or third Batman movies. Nolan finally can now be placed
among directors in an American/ Hollywood environment but, at what
price? Maybe just a dollar figure!If you like movies such as Mission Impossible or the alike, go see the
Dark Knight Rises. If you like the genius of Mr. Christopher Nolan that
we were lucky to discover in his first movies, please try to let him
know that his talent should not be wasted anymore.
			
Batman is among my favorite childhood superheroes and I used to collect
his comic books when I was a child. Therefore, I am a fan and I always
look forward to see Batman movies.I had the greatest expectation with "The Dark Knight Rises" due to the
IMDb Rating and the hype surrounding this movie. Unfortunately it is a
completely overrated and boring feature with stupid characters and
situations in an awful and ridiculous story. We were in four watching
the DVD and neither one of us liked this flick. Batman should have
taken the director and the writers of this crap together with the bomb
and detonate them. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): "Batman: O Cavaleiro das Trevas Ressurge" ("Batman: The
Dark Knight Rises")
			
First, as a comic book fan, I will try not to bring that too much into
play in my review. Overall, I left the movie theater disappointed. I
looked at my watch around an hour in and realized that there had been
all of ONE batman scene. As it moved along, I kept thinking, wow, I
didn't know this was going to be "Bruce Wayne Rises"In earlier movies, I loved things like the interactions between Batman
and Two Face or The Joker. In this one...it's Bruce Wayne and Selena
Kyle. I guess I like my superhero movies to actually feature a
superhero. Secondly, the whole pit scene came off as contrived. I knew what to
expect, and I was just waiting for the "Rocky Training Montage" to
happen. I just was disappointed there wasn't 'Hearts on Fire' playing
in the background during the scene.Next off, and this is where I bring in a little bit of comic book
reference, but an important one. Batman was originally featured in
"Detective Comics"...and there was no mystery to solve here. This was a
tried and true war movie. No hint of detective work is needed, other
than the "twist" at the end (which from a comic book perspective made
no sense, but that's OK). It was Army vs Army, with Batman FINALLY
making an appearance to ride in and save the day.Which was my last problem with the movie. After all the buildup during
the entire movie, the final fight between Batman and Bane was over HOW
quickly? I figured there would at least be a fight scene spilling over
from one place to the next, while a war raged around them. Instead, we
get...a fast predictable outcome that is over in the blink of an eye.Overall, I found the movie more of a war movie, with a man (not
superhero) making his own introspective journey of growth, and a flashy
ending that is over way too quickly with a 'twist' that I guess was
supposed to wow the audience from how unexpected it was due to
neglecting any good foreshadowing.
			
Over Hyped, and people will soon see that this movie is not as great as
they think it is when a new movie comes out. I love batman, but it took
2 hours for anything of interest to happen and it wasn't even worth it.
Anna should never have been Catwoman and Bane sounded like Shawn
Connery. Put any explosions and shinny new gadgets and any monkey would
be interested...It's sad that this movie is being called 'THE BEST I EVER SEEN!!!!" I
mean really, the first two movies were great, the moved at a good pace,
they kept our attention, and the villain made the movie. Bane just
doesn't work without his Venom. I know it was meant to focus on a real
world Gotham/Batman/Villains but they pushed it with Scarcrows drugs,
and Two Faces's destroyed face, he couldn't live without the surgery or
bandage on his face. He would be in so much pain and it would have been
infected. But back to Bane, drugs like that won't work for long and
ODing would happen.Sadly, The Dark Knight Rises did not meet my expectations and it's a
pity to see so many people enjoying the plot holes and broken pieces of
what could have been a great movie.
			
The Dark Knight Rises almost completely fails. There are some good
things about it and then there are some absolutely terrible things
about it. The Good: I was not aware that this movie was coming out until about 3
days before I saw it. You might wonder: Does this guy live in a hole?
No...I just don't pay attention to this type of thing in my daily life.
So when I watched the movie I was pleasantly surprised to see some new
faces in the series. Particularly Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Burn Gorman,
even if his part was very small. I wasn't too happy about Anne Hathaway
as Catwoman, but she pulled it off and was actually quite good in the
roll.Another thing that was nice was how everything from the previous two
was tied together in this flick.That is the extent of the good.The Bad: Batman. He isn't really in this movie and when he is, he's a
wuss.The dialog. I couldn't stop laughing. I wasn't sure if this movie was
trying to be funny or take itself way too seriously. Bane...The guy's voice was so incredibly bassy I couldn't understand a
word he was saying. On top of that, his jaw never moved when speaking,
driving me absolutely insane!I'm not sure I understand why anybody would take over a city with the
intentions of letting it tearing itself apart, only to get rid of the
police force. OK, then the criminals create a court system? REALLY?? So every single cop in the city, aside from 2 or 3, is stupid enough to
go into a sewer system and get trapped there for 3 months. None of
which has any problem dealing with the fact that they are trapped...for
3 months underground. All this while Batman is thrown into a pit that he can't escape from
because of a broken back until it is healed by a single fist blow while
he watches his home city rip at the seams. This drives him to escape,
somehow swim across the world and get back into Gotham, which, by the
way, has been completely sealed off from the rest of humanity. And then there is the ending with the alien spaceship and the nuclear
bomb. I couldn't stop laughing.There are many other reasons why I hated this movie...these are just a
few. I've given it a 3 and not a 1 only because I was surprised to see
a couple actors that I wasn't aware would be in the film. I am not
convinced by any means at all that this was a good movie. Laughable, as
a Batman flick, at best.Just my opinion.
			
While fanboys and those under 21 will doubtless find this a fantastic
movie, I spent most of the film hoping the end would come quickly.I'm not going to fault the acting, cinematography, or effects, but I
simply couldn't find a connection with any of the characters, and the
plot of menacing baddie who wants to destroy Gotham City, was so tired
and has been done so many times before.But the worst thing for me was the lack of humour or flair. Batman
spent most of his time in fist fights or flying a huge ugly black
helicopter, which in no way lived up to the legacy of beautifully
designed Batman gadgets and vehicles. And there was almost no humour,
certainly none that even raised a smile from me. No joker at all!The one redeeming point? Catwoman. She stole the show, though there
wasn't much to steal.
			
Anne Hathaway is a revelation in her surprisingly good turn as Catwoman
and Gordon-Levitt is great as a policeman who knows the secret of
Batman's true identity. He represents the only slice of reality in this
popcorn flick, but unfortunately his role is underwritten. Caine and
Oldman aren't given much to do and that leaves us with the usual
heavy-handed Bale and Tom Hardy's bland, one-dimensional villain whose
voice has been dubbed by an actor who sounds remarkably like a highly
intoxicated Sean Connery hamming it up. The screenplay is rather silly
and has too many dull stretches, which the producers have tried to
cover up by adding an extremely noisy and very annoying soundtrack to
scenes that are too boring to discuss here. Add a couple of ridiculous
plot twists, a perfunctory timebomb ending which would be more at home
in the Batman series of the late sixties, except for the numerous loud
explosions which only serve to cover up that this film could have (and
should have) been wrapped up within 90 minutes.
			
I'm lost for words when reviewing the praise heaped on this Batman
finale. I can't tell if it's blind faith or bribery, but The Dark
Knight Rises fell far short of Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. The
plot is ludicrous with an absence of excitement or action. Bane fills
most of the screen time and yet fails to show any menace or strength.
In fact Nolans vision has pushed the realism of Batman to such an
extreme that the original imagined characters look like a bunch of
idiots running around in Halloween costumes in broad daylight. Without
revealing any spoilers I cannot emphasise enough how ridiculous the
plot is, filled with sequences that make no sense from the beginning to
the end. It's bad enough that the director has turned out a really poor
film to what was an exciting re-envisioning of a Batman trilogy; but
for critics to then heap praise on top, just turns this film into one
large stinking pile of garbage. Shame on you all! In summary... liked
the Catwoman, Batman was absent and overall I was BORED!!!!!!
			
I can't remember the last time I found myself fidgeting in my chair
feeling uncomfortable in a movie. This movie honestly felt long and
once that feeling sank in you endured the remainder of the film. I
found myself at points unable to keep my attention on the movie and was
actually looking around the theatre.The franchise would have been better off ending with the Dark Knight or
taking their time to get this movie right.This ranks as the worst super-hero movie of the summer in my opinion.
This was not a movie that I got all hyped up about, it's one that I
thought I might enjoy if they followed the same formula as the Dark
Knight. It's really sad to see a director get one film so right and
then turn around and fall flat on his face into the piles of money that
we gave him in the hopes of receiving entertainment.I would definitely not want to see this in theatres again, I don't
think many others would either based on the maybe 5 people who clapped
at the end.
			
It's not easy to make a good film. Thats why people can be so
passionate about film that evoke real emotion when they are gripped by
plots which enthral them, characters who touch them and themes that are
instantly absorbing and recognisable. Not many individuals can attain
par excellence in story telling, as it is a finely balanced art that
little understand yet alone can duplicate frivolously. If any such
individual today can create masterpieces of entertainment, then
Christopher Nolan should surely be high up on the list. I had high expectations of a movie that would be well sculpted, like an
old master who delicately forms his creation with a finesse that only
years of experience and an absolute love of their work can produce, but
not so. Here's why...The movie seemed hurried, despite me willing it to end during the last
half hour and it being almost three hours long! It felt overly scripted
and complex like the script writers were tying too much almost. There
was no real enticing flow to the narrative and there were far too many
side plots happening simultaneously which was tiresome and frustrating
to follow in a 'blink and you've missed it' way. The fight scenes were
poorly choreographed and lacking substance at times with no real
emotion in them. The plot twist did surprise me, however, I felt it
lacked creativeness and credibility due to the poor character
development. Character development was a weakness which plagued the
movie. Some characters seemed underdeveloped and unconvincing and whats
more I felt the actors thought this too, as proved exceptional acting
talent seemed unable to deliver the gritty realism that they are
renowned for with more than one lacklustre performance.So what's good about the movie?Visually it ticks all the boxes, dazzling your senses with big bold
cinematic cityscapes, pyrotechnic frenzies of explosions and an
atmospheric melancholy that visually captures Waynes persona perfectly
and harks back to the previous movies, establishing the new film as
being cut from the same cloth. A credit to the camera/production crew.
The special effects also showed the skill of some of Hollywood's best
graphic talent, not cheap. Amongst the humdrum of acting lethargy there
were some Sterling performances, mainly in the form of Bale who's
inspired acting manages to not get dragged down by the wooden staleness
surrounding him at times.To sum up...It felt like a poor effort and a typical Hollywood 'money in the bank'
job. (Commercial exploitation of previous greatness which is to be
expected and frankly, who wouldn't? The film industry is a business
after-all) You'll still watch it though. I hope Nolan's next work is
not pressured from the money men and his creativity is given the
unfettered freedom it deserves. Ultimately this movie should make you
realise what an extraordinary talent Heath Ledger truly was.Thanks for reading!
			
Quick short comment; DARK KNIGHT RISES is boring, the action scenes are
not interesting and the plot is absurd. Acting is fine but some
dialogues are unintelligible. Now; let's expand: - At almost three hours, this movie pace is
terrible. - Action scenes are very spaced but not spectacular (aside
from a few mass movements the rest is pretty rudimentary). Even the
airplane highjack, publicized as made without digital effects, does not
look that impressive. - Most of the actors deliver; but trying to
understand Michael Caine long diatribes or even Tom Hardy behind Bane's
mask requires a lot of effort. - There are outstanding performances
like Gary Oldman and Joseph Gordon-Levitt as the real heroes and most
developed characters. Anne Hathaway gets easily away with the
treacherous CAT WOMAN and Marion Cotillard completely take over the
screen when she is in it. Last, the plot; even fantasy requires a logic; but this is not the case
here. In order to justify the revolution and kaos, Nolan created a
series of unrealistic events: - A respected senator, gives up
everything after a few hours of meeting CAT WOMAN; and an army of SWAT
teams, appears in a matter of seconds after someone use the senator's
phone. - A computer scam puts a billionaire in state of bankruptcy in a
matter of hours; causing even his car to be repossessed - Why taking
over Wayne's company when Bane knows everything about everything; even
BATMAN's identity. - The newcomer Blake, knows BATMAN identity; but the
police chief has no hint at all (even when he ask somebody to contact
Bruce Wayne about BATMAN). - What is logic on taking over a city to be
blown up three months later? . Besides; what GOTHAN has to do with the
personal vendetta behind all this ?. It is not the first time, Goyer's writing breaks logic just to justify
some event and Nolan did the same in INCEPTION making the last act
absurd; but this time the went as far as breaking almost every possible
logic just to make the movie darker and force twists. It is even worse
(or lame) that following up on the previous movie; they insist on
stating that real facts should be hidden for the common people and the
creation of FAKE IDOLS (heroes) are necessary to keep society
controlled (a very fascist concept also used by Stalin ).
			
Dark Knight Rises is a tale of two movies. The first half is engaging
and Cat Woman is stupid hot. They also introduce an interesting
Character in Gordon-Levitt. Then the movie looses itself. The story
falls so flat I don't even think the actors can get behind the
on-the-nose writing and terrible character development. It becomes hard
to watch at times. Get ready to cringe at all the clichs you see
coming a mile away. The Villain is awful. The choreography brings
nothing new to the table. The Gordon-Levitt characters story line in
the second half is so under-written that it makes for some of the worst
scenes in the movie. All brought together with the most ridiculous
ending imaginable.
			
Ladies and gentlemen I knew from the very end of this movie that I was
on the fence about whether I liked the movie or not. It wasn't until I
watched the movie on the small screen that I was able to sit down and
watch the movie without the blaze of sound effects and the giant
screen, to see what the movie actually was... a let down.I don't even really know where to start. I guess it will be with the
story. The story was nothing all too groundbreaking. It has all the
same stuff as Batman Begins and The Dark Knight but it seems to be a
little lack luster. Bane isn't really the menacing character that he
could have been. The major dubbing that was done with his voice made
him sound over the top Shakespearean and I just couldn't take it. I
never really was sold on Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle and was even less
impressed with the terrible one liner (Cat got you're tongue?)from her
and from every other character(So that's what that feels like?).I also want to add that the last hour of this movie is just complete
crap. The way Bane gets taken out is lame, the bomb being carried off
by the Batcopter into the ocean is lame, showing that this character
that we had started to like was actually Robin was by far the LAMEST
part that Christopher Nolan added. Especially since I thought he said
there wasn't going to be a Robin in the movie.Overall, I felt that the movie wasn't made with the serious frame of
mind as The Dark Knight was. The previous two movies in the trilogy
were fantastic and while they have their great themes in it I think the
99% that was supposed to be represented in this movie really took a
back burner to the complete lunacy of the whole movie. I've often had
to compare it to The Avengers this year and I typically say this, " The
Avengers is a movie that knows it's not serious and doesn't try to be
serious, The Dark Knight Rises was a movie that was supposed to be
serious and came out comical. I'm fully prepared to take heat from the
haters out there and I just want to say I couldn't care less. Enjoy the
movie if you like but I hated this terrible movie.
			
Except how bad this movie is, there where no real surprises, but on the
other hand many holes and bad writing. Just to mention few: Why Bruce
Wayne is a cripple? Yuh Yuh he got bitten up at the end of TDK, but he
stands on his legs, speaks without any pain, than even runs. Why the
hack they need to jump on the prison wall? I was eyeing that wall,
there was no sticking out part, which they would stand on in the first
place, or would explain why the jump is need it to get out of there.
How Blake founds Gordon? Seriously even Bane and his mans admits he can
be anywhere, not to mention Blake have no clue he managed to jump in
the water, but yup he magically finds him. Etc Its long, and boring, spend to much time on things which how give a
crap about, even so You barely see Batman. Even Begins had more Batman
action than the third film. In the end of TDK Batman showed that no
matter what anybody throws at him he haves the strength too take it,
and do whats right, and don't really care if people hate him for it.
That whats made the movie amazing, but hm... lets forget about this,
lets make Bruce Wayne a cripple, whine bitch how still hanged up on his
love died after 8 years. Okay okay, but at least if You made this thing
than stick to it, and don't make him bang Miranda Tate suddenly, than
he kinda don't even reacts when the chick dies O.o Thats just none
sense. As well his linking with Blake. How magically puts together his
Batman since he meet him once, with that logic half of Gotham would
already know by now. And yuh yuh they said he just test it, and since
Bruce did not say a thing he know he was right. But seriously? Bruce
Wayne don't even tales Gordon till the very end. His one combat ally, a
person how have much developed and deep relation. But some guy how he
knows nothing about walks in and lets him figure it out? Out of
character bullshit. Another thing about Blake. What happened with "we wont include Robin
since it don't fit in the movie." "I wont play Batman if it will
include Robin" And than again Robin is there and has more spot light
than the freaking batman. And his character is boring!There are so many things what I could say that whats wrong with this
movie, but not enough space, and I don't care to waste more time on it.
			
First things first there is no Riddler, that ruin my expectation to
begin with from gossip news. The movie could of be done without
Catwoman didn't add anything to the story except being as a cameo and
used up precious time which could of been used on something else.Its like when someone has so many ideas, they want it all in the movie
instead its a mess and they forget to summarise. The end result is too
many plot holes. e.g. thousands of police go underground and get
trapped and have to get out and fight their way above ground in human
wave formation against guns blazing? Trying to get kids across bridge
with school bus? willing human sacrificial pieces? etc etc just so many
irrelevant ideas. Why wait for a few months until winter arrives, why
stick around when the bomb goes off and all of a sudden Bruce Wayne
travels across the planet to Gotham in time with a teleporter?Biggest problem is not enough character development or background
details, for example Bane. There was an opportunity to explain why? At
least it was explained with the Joker. Stop trying to show all
perspectives from all non-main characters like extras. Just focus on
the villain, hero and subcharacters thats it. Not on the army,
reporters, stockbrokers, children, president of the united states or
some well in the desert.. oh sorry jail pit with a rope to climbed.I like the mystery about batman's identity but its ruined when just
about everyone close to contact with Bruce Wayne knows his Batman
(facepalm). I enjoyed the brief fight between Batman and Bane but I
wished it ended with Batman making a comeback from his spinal injury
and defeating Bane. Instead Catwoman had to interfere by shooting off
the batmobile. Poor Alfred was not even around when batman got snapped,
he cant even stopped by and say "how you doing, master Bruce?"
Bruce:"Nothing particular Alfred just got my ass whooped where were
you?"This movie doesn't resemble batman from its predecessors its lost its
batman theme of staying hidden in the shadows and in the end of the
action scenes it was like watching michael bay's decepticon wingfighter
(it was bat hover flying vehicle). If the title is The Dark Knight
Rises what is the epitome, Nightwing? If you want to see it that badly
see it on DVD otherwise don't see it at all.An unsatisfying end to a trilogy 'Cafe' and water platform? Just show
me the Batman basking in his coolness (dark theme music playing).
			
this kind of batman is not the cup of tea for those who loves batman in
noir and Gothic atmosphere, and with more wit in it as well.. its no
Gothic nor "dark" as in Burton's style, OK.. Nolan's version was going
to be different of course, but is more shallow and feels more plastic..
its like a G.I.Joe film with all those machines..Nolan took Batman to a
new direction, yes.. for those who enjoyed other Nolan batman versions,
will enjoy this,too.. but to me, its lacking of something.. something
missing in visuals, story, characters and talks.. and it is still
predictable for some extend. Thanksfully a trilogy has been completed
now so we might get to see another versions of Batman. like happened
with spider-man and the amazing spider man
			
So many problems with this movie, people.It has more plot holes than a Swiss cheese:1. A 60 sec. Mid air blood transfusion is NOT a way to fake a nuclear
scientists death. 2. Tom Hardy's voice in this film is so retarded. 3.
Cat woman can ride the Dark Knight's bike better than he can. 4. A
prison in the middle of fvckng nowhere is hooked up for electricity and
Wayne is able to watch TV In the pit. 5. Wayne busts out of a so called
inescapable pit in 3 months with a totally tweaked back while others
have tried for years and failed. 6. The pit appears more comfortable
than our modern day slab and steel prisons. 7. Why Bane needs to wear
that fvckng face mask is never fully explained and his whole story is
not well fleshed out. 8. The neutron bomb gets taken far enough to not
totally destroy Gotham in less than two minutes. 9. WHY is Bane so
insanely strong? At least Popeye ate his fvcking spinach. 10. Everyone
in the movie is white except for token black man Morgan Freeman in a
throwaway role. 11. The police response of just rushing into a hail of
bullets coming from armed thugs with kalashnikov's is embarrassing - NO
cop in his right mind would ever do that.Insert number 12 below and keep going: 12.
			
1.It's so horrible, that with all experience and possibilities Mr.
Nolan and company couldn't create understandable and complete main
character of the movie - Bane... Who is Mr. Bane? His motivation totally unclear! Is he a revolutionary
and socialist or just a stupid pawn in hands of the lunatic girl?2. All movie looks like a compilation of ridiculous scenes.3. People, that know nothing about montage, give my money and time
back!!! :)))))))165 minutes? Really? Clowns! :))) It's all about money! *)
			
The Dark Knight Rises was nothing near what I was hoping it would be.
The movie plot and characters are alright but it is the length and
action that are lacking. The movie was about 30 minutes to long because
of the extremely slow pacing throughout. This causes me to lose
interest in the characters halfway through the film and begin to wonder
why everything was taking so long. When the action finally does come,
it is a huge letdown full of overkill, clichs and little surprises. It
was also hard to take parts of it seriously because of the
rediculousness of the Batman's character ( his absurd voice, and an
outfit the that doesn't seem to belong in the setting) A movie like
this that makes you want it to end so you can leave, has failed to do
its job in capturing the audience!
			
This is my first review on IMDb and I have started writing just because
I had huge expectations and was letdown.There were a few good parts but overall, it was a disappointment. Even
if I didn't consider the hype around this movie, I don't think it
would've impressed me as much as its predecessors did. This probably
ends the series on a note Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy ended, with lots
of plot-holes and a disappointing finale. Though people were so close
to this franchise, they may not accept this movie was a letdown. But it
was. There were too many faults to be listed. But faults are forgivable
if the story is engaging and enjoyable. It seemed a bit rushed, like
they planned to make four movies but just to fit it in three films they
made it overly long and boring.Bane was a joke by the end of the movie. The twist wasn't that bad, but
the death of Bane was stupid. Even Talia's death was not that great. In
her final scenes, Cotillard's acting was funny. And just to satisfy the
fans they gave it a happy ending, over a childish feature which they
had to explain the entire movie, The Auto-Pilot. If Tumbler could be
driven by an Auto-Pilot why not The Bat.People may have a different opinion but this just wasn't a right end to
the trilogy. I wouldn't be surprised if the makers realize it and carry
on further. But for me this was the most disappointing film this year,
just because of all the hype it was surrounded by.
			
How does the guy who did "Inception" make something so very poor? I
think on purpose.This thing was so listless, lazy, rambling, badly acted (from great
actors), nonsensical and stupid. Even surprisingly poorly shot vs. his
other films.Based on the first two movies, I never really thought that Nolan liked
the material. The first was talky and pompous. The 2nd only
entertaining. I didn't think he liked action movies. After "Inception",
I had to abandon the action movie theory.1. There are devices that are done over and over in movies for a
reason. They work. They can be bad if the director is bad. They can be
good if the director is good. This includes story elements and
execution in the film-making itself. 2. I think Nolan considered those elements and, for whatever reason,
said "I'm not using those." Thus, he replaced those with a variety of
elements that were substantially inferior to the others. 3. My theory is he wanted to make a movie very bland and labored that
still made a lot of money. Maybe to comment on how much the public will
patronize bland movies if the broad elements are in place. Why go to
the 1st midnight show when the exact same movie is shown at 3pm the
next day?Now let me comment on the elements of the movie itself.1. I didn't buy that Bruce Wayne went into seclusion. Batman, yes
(because of his hypothesis of making Dent a hero, which was weak and
labored to begin with). Wayne? No. His motivation was 'cause his love
was killed. But there were no flashbacks to solidify such. And I didn't
feel it in Bale's performance. And it was out-of-character for Wayne. 2. The middle 1.5 hours was talky, preachy and a roundabout to the
siege. A parade of stale-looking shots of talking heads in small and
boring areas.3. Hathaway's vamp image and power over men wasn't workin' for me. No
work was put into it.4. The siege of Gotham. Why? Why wait for five months from when you
take it over and then destroy it? 5. How does Bane NOT get word that Wayne has escaped? 6. The logistical impossibilities were silly, even if you consider
dramatic license and satire. 8. Clocks-a-tickin' on the bomb and Batman takes the time to set-up the
burning bat symbol on the bridge? And he's always in the exact right
place for dramatic effect.9. Why let the cops in the tunnels live? 10. Why run towards a group of bad guys that are firing guns right at
you? 11. They just stand around and let the bad gal ramble on as she dies
while the bomb ticks away? Then the exchange with Batman and Catwoman?
Then the exchange with Batman and Gordon? PLEASE! Clocks-a-tickin'.12. (Was it me or did the bad gal go from trailing the bomb truck, to
being in the passenger seat of the bomb truck, to driving, to
passenger, to driver?)13. Okay, Wayne fakes his death, takes the first train out of Gotham
and sits in that caf at the exact right time so Michael Caine can have
closure? Send a postcard. (He sure got over his lost love and his
one-night-stand pretty easily.)(I have to admit I totally missed the Robin reveal at the end 'til it
happened.)I personally was offended by the premise. It suggested that Bane was
the champion of the 99% and thus made the 99% the bad guys. It made the
rich the good guys. It made the city a Garden of Eden. And its savior
the rich man. Romney would be proud!You're going to see it. Out of curiosity. That's why I went. I just
didn't expect it to be so much worse than the other two.
			
this review doesn't contain spoilers, the movie itself does. it spoils
all the fun, you might have had with previous batman movies (not all of
them, i know). the plot is so simple, yet familiar. Christian bale as
always quite okay as Bruce Wayne and absolutely ridiculous as batman.
the voice and the costume, which is even worse than all previous
outfits, really threw me off, again. this movie is as entertaining as
the Joel Schumacher ones. which puts it even below the Adam West
series. and please stop calling this batman film, dark or gloomy, it is
not. most of it takes place in broad daylight, so we can better see how
shitty batman's costume is, while he is engaged in fighting that
reminded me of saloon fights from bad western movies. some fighting
scenes are uncut medium long shots, like Fred Astaire's dancing scenes.
the only difference is that Fred Astaire knew what he was doing. i give
3 points: 1 for Michael Caine, 1 for Morgan Freeman, 1 for Hans zimmerpeople, go watch the Keaton/Burton batman films to see how the matter
is dealt with properly.
			
In 2008 when I watched "The Dark Knight" which in my opinion is one of
the best movies ever made I automatically became a big fan of the
Batman, and everything related to him, even though I didn't really like
Batman Begins. But then again I thought Batman Begins was just the
beginning so it had more of the story telling part and Bruce Wayne
becoming the Batman.However Dark Knight Rises completely let me down. It's one of the most
boring movies I have ever seen. The worst part is the trailer of the
movie is as much as you can expect from the scene in the actual movie.
I mean come on I was hoping to get blown away with this movie after
"The Dark Knight", and all that was left was 3 hours of complete
disappointment. Well I wouldn't say complete only because I liked the
end but that was just probably 20 minutes of the movie the rest is
extremely boring. I really think the movie could have been edited a bit
better. Most of the action scenes were too dark to understand what was actually
happening even though I saw the movie in IMAX and the audio was too
mumbled up. Anne Hathway did a very good job as Catwoman, I liked her
the best. I found it very hard to believe that Bane who is this super
villain who broke the Batman, died so quickly that I don't even
remember seeing him die. Oh Talia and her death was the worst scene,
couldn't they just retake that scene, it was so obvious she was acting. There was just no punch to this movie, I mean, "So you came back to die
with your city" and Batman's answer to that was "No. I came back to
stop you" is one of the worst dialogues ever written.
			
I was a big fan of the first two films and had high expectations for
Nolan's third chapter of the series however 45 minutes into the film,
all hope faded of this being a memorable finale. Here are some of the
many reasons why:If your going to give your chief villain a face mask, at least make his
voice clear enough for the audience to understand, not just the on
screen characters. Too many times I found myself guessing what Bane was
talking about based upon the other characters responses.The storyline was too long, too complicated and the ending a big anti
climax for a trilogy finale. By the third film, you expect all the
loose ends to be tied up. Yet this film (with the exception of Bane who
was needed as a villain) was intent on introducing more new characters
such as Robin and Catwoman. This wouldn't have been a bad idea but the
film concentrated too much on these new characters with hollow 'seen it
before' stories and seemed to neglect the old ones such as Commissioner
Gordon and Fox with painfully dull, secondary narratives. The film jumps from one scene/plot to the next very quickly, often not
giving a clear explanation of how a character got to a location or how
a character achieved an action. You were often left guessing or
'filling in' the gaps yourself which became annoying and added
confusion to the storyline.The fight scenes in the film were also disappointing. In the previous
films Batman often relied on his gadgets to aid him in fights, yet this
film dismisses this aspect altogether with the exception of 'The Bat'
which never really got you intrigued or excited. Most of the action
scenes were characters 'slugging it out' and quickly became boring to
watch. What disappointed me the most about this film was the lack of emotion.
There was no feeling of a tense struggle between good and evil like
number two. There was no feeling of hatred or darkness which made
Batman Begins and The Dark Knight what they were. In conclusion I think
this Batman trilogy will be remembered as great but unfortunately,
because of the short comings of The Dark Knight Rises, it will never be
remembered as a masterpiece.
			
I love the Batman saga, read the comic books growing up and especially
have been pleased with all of the newer batman movies. In this one, the
director was far too in love with his work. While the movie had a few
good moments, most were drawn out and if 30-45 minutes were carefully
cut, it might have been the great movie that it deserved to be. I felt that the Catwoman character was great and actually all of the
characters were pretty well done, there was just way too much time
spent on special effects and not enough on the real meat of the story.
After about an hour, I was fighting to stay awake. Having fewer story
lines might have helped also.I am sure that there are some that loved this movie, but if they took
the time to actually think about it they would realize that this was
just one loooong special effect.
			
I really liked the first two. I did. It was clear from the first
gratuitous, plot-crushing soliloquy of Michael Cane (there were four in
total) that this was headed for disaster: a disaster that even Anne
Hathaway in black latex couldn't save. There was unintelligible
dialogue from everyone, especially Gary Oldman; Bane never had a chance
to be understood, with that auto-tune mask set to 'distort' on his
face. People around me were constantly asking, "what did he say?" What
little action and Bat-gadgetry there was just couldn't save this
bloated failure. The names 'Waterworld' and 'Indiana Jones 4' will
justifiably be raised in comparison. I really liked the first two. I
did.
			
Can't really think of much positive to say about it. Very gray and dull
like the last Batman film, but without much of a story to really get
into.Some "twists" that seemed very contrived. Very Nolanesque scenes of
arbitrary exposition, followed by very Nolaneque scenes of very
staged-feeling, over-elaborate action scenes.Just seemed to have no heart behind it. Perhaps it looked more
interesting as storyboards.Wouldn't recommend it under any circumstances unless you're a really
big Nolan fan.
			
This was a major-drop off from the Dark Knight, which was great.
Honestly, I would have rather seen Arnold as Mr. Freeze. BUT this movie
could have been great. What went wrong? SPOILER Bane all of a sudden
dies after one hit from "Catwoman?" (And I say that name jokingly) Come
on! One hit out of nowhere? HE IS THE MAIN BAD GUY. Where is the epic
ending? Where is the final fight?? Batman ALWAYS has a final
fight....always. The joker is laughing at this one. BTW, why was Bane
the villain anyways? Why not use a classic one instead of a
user-created villain...should have done the Riddler. This movie was
worse than what the Phantom Menace did to the Star Wars
franchise.....and although it gets high ratings...how can it possibly
be averaging 8.6 stars......really?????????
			
Okay, first of all I'd like to compare how much time we see Batman on
screen, to how long we see Bruce Wayne recovering from not being very
well, after some injury or other. It's about equal. Who doesn't love a
film about someone recovering from a serious injury ? Secondlt, he gets
his ass handed to him by Cat Woman , twice ! And it's HER who saves HIM
at the end ..oh sorry ,should have said spoiler alert.He meets McBain twice and LOSES both times...?!?! Sure, he kicked a few
henchmen around but WTF ? So who does he manage to dispatch ? A rather
petite woman , who's main weapon was a small penknife...so much for
Morgan Freeman's bat armour and his spider senses...oh, yeah that's
from one of the other guys.Also McBains Darth Vader speeches, were hard to understand and
ultimately unnecessary because he wasn't the villain after all... he
gave about six different speeches about...we'll I'm not really sure
because, as I said, it was hard to understand.. but that was six to
many.Hero's are simple characters, they are better than us, better than any
of us ever can be. That is their purpose, to make us strive to be
better human beings. When you reveal the hero is as human as the rest
of us, you destroy more than the finales atom bomb can , because you
remove not only the man but also the myth.
			
By far the main problem with this movie is the FANS, this is fiction or
fantasy and not real, nor could it be real in any sense. That is the
reason for my 3 rating. Even as fantasy it does not hold true to the
most flimsy of common sense logic, it is not consistent with its own
rules in the "Batman" Universe. In the previous 2, Bruce Wayne is
intelligent, overcomes his fears, and honors his parents by protecting
those who for whatever reason - cant. In this movie, he is scared, a
quitter, and pathetic as well as stupid - wtf! The first kick to my
groin was the revelation Batman stopped fighting crime after he took
the rap for Harvey Dent's death and his deeds. Now they are those that
will claim - "Imagine how you'd feel...blah blah blah effin blah", as
if it was real. The Batwing can't fly, who was that idiot designer?
Fusion is NOT Fission, there is no Uranium, no rods. Big spoiler here:
You can't fly a 6 megaton nuclear bomb (300 times more powerful than
Hiroshima) to safety in 30 seconds, or even 20 minutes with that
B-wing. And lastly it is my huge regret I did not post this review
sooner when I first saw TDKR at midnight here in New Zealand a day or 2
before the USA. My main turn off for this movie was the stupid and over
the top violence, that seemed to have no point other than to make Bane
look bad. He only looked stupid, but smarter than Batman - again, as
if. It was the same reason I didn't like TDK, but here the Joker WAS
smarter than most and his excuse was obvious - he was insane! Another
spoiler: Why did Bane want to die? And why did all his psychotic
followers feel the same way? Anyway the Avengers were better - there I
said it!
			
This for the most part was a bad film (and I was a huge fan of Dark
Knight)... The editing,pace and rhythm was all wrong with certain
scenes chopped up to lose their impact and other scenes like the jail
was overplayed and just came off really cheesy. Then you combine this
with Bane who just doesn't work outside of a comic as no acting can be
done through the mask. But perhaps the biggest let down was there was
no growth of the characters to engage you to care what was going on
(again due to I suspect bad editing) .... leaving it all a bit dull and
uninspiring (and without a lot of the film with Batman not even making
an appearance)... Was there redeeming features yes..its not a total
travesty but as mentioned the whole thing to me at least felt like an
edit rescue desperately trying to make a coherent story out of
countless hours of film.On leaving a full cinema just I found it interesting that so many
snippets of discussion of people leaving disliked the film (or
commented on disappointment)finding it a bit cheesy and dull.
			
If you're like me and expecting another Batman film, you're looking at
the wrong movie. It must have been close to the 60 minute mark before
Batman even appears in the film. The whole thing is meant to be deep
and dark and powerful and people are praising the musical score which
accompanies the title but for the vast majority of the movie there is
no music at all and just dialogue. It may just be me but if i want to
watch a movie with mass amounts of dialogue I'd rather watch something
by Kevin Smith than Christopher Nolan.There were some really good scenes in the movie. Unfortunately, if
you've seen a few trailers for this film, you've probably seen all the
good bits. And those bits have long dragged out sequences between each
one. I was literally falling asleep in the cinema. If it wasn't for my
brother's constant prodding I would have missed the second half of the
movie!For me, I was told to expect epic and had visions of LOTR and instead
got a bowl of over boiled cauliflower instead. This is one movie I
won't be adding to the Blu-ray collection upon release and in fact,
I'll be telling my kids that there never was a third installment to
this franchise....
			
The Batman series have had a rather negative course since Batman
Begins. It was a near perfect action film that had no real faults. Then
we had the overlong and pointless Dark Knight. I never thought Nolan
would do even worse film but he succeeded excellently.Let's start at beginning. Bane's kidnapping of Dr. Pavel was futile and
unrealistic scene. That looked more like 90's Batman than Nolan's. It
gave a very bad first impression. After that the only action for an
hour is that Gordon was shot and Batman decides to rise again. Gordon's
hospital trip was tried to make dramatic with Gordon's over-epic lines.
Needless to say it failed with it's own search for emotion. Batman's
return was terrible. He has spent the last eight years in his house but
when a completely unknown cop tells Bruce he believed in him as a child
Batman decides to return. Pitiful writing...Then there's Bane. A villain so evil that it began to seem hilarious.
He looked terrible and his voice was horrible. I wonder what Nolan
thought when invented how we'll beat him. But the worst side in him was
his motives. Seriously, did they have to mess him up with The League of
Shadows. Since when they wanted anarchy? And why Bane didn't at least
do anything in the first film? One would guess he would wish to see the
victory or defeat of his enemy. That was the film's worst failure and
from the moment where we learned that I knew the film was beyond
redemption.The other characters were just as bad. Batman's allies didn't do really
anything, Blake was pointless and Catwoman And Miranda were terribly
written and even more worse presented. When the best developed
character was Dr. Jonathan Crane who was for some 2 minutes we know
something's wrong.I must agree with the critics that the film was overplotted. That
wouldn't alone matter but when they are completely separate and they
don't work together that really does matter. I mean Batman's cell trip,
Catwoman, Bane's history, atomic bomb and Blake's story at the same
time. That just doesn't work.Hans Zimmer's score was (as usual) forgettable and unimaginative. The
scenes that were supposed to be dramatic were ruined by the music. You
may say I'm a hater because I really despise Zimmer (he repeats himself
too much and his music is boring) but that's my opinion. The good things were the ending, as it was completely new to superhero
films and the setting. Crane as a judge was a great idea. Visuals were
great but so they are in The Transformers... Overall this film fails to conclude Batman trilogy in style and is a
bad film in it's own right. Even if it does come in black doesn't make
it a good Batman film. The few good things doesn't save this but but
they make some rise with my score.
			
I think this movie is very highly overrated.most of the reviews are by
crazy batman fans i think..so they have rated above 9.i am no fan of
batman nor of Christian nolan.i like his direction though.this movie
was so boring..everything is predictable and the background score is so
good that it does not fit to this movie..some guys posted comments
saying the graphic work is better than avatar...what a kiddie
comment.its not a superhero movie..its just another action movie.when
you speak of action movies there are several better flicks than this
..for example the bourne series.whoever has given rating of 9/10 are
either crazy fans or they don't see the movies regularly...if they have
seen they would not rate this as 9.or may be they are paid to rate this
movie well.who knows.?
			
I have never been a Batman fan, and this tripe is why-- I could never
invest any emotions into a guy with a rubber suit who has been around
too long (cinematically speaking). Frankly--I hope this is really the
end of this ridiculously silly idea.(I mean the guy cant even fly !!
Not like Superman) I have to say.....on a more positive note......he
sure has nice big ears. The franchise could run for ever of course
(like Spiderman and the other "Super Heroes"). Yes there are people
around who hang their brain on the front seat and "actually enjoy" this
pure form of garbage. (the script is awful) It says a lot about the
decline of the world--wide I.Q. This movie is for those who have baths
with their little rubber Batman figures (yes Big Ears CAN
swim..!!!!!)----- (and they are...in heaven) Poor Things !!!!!
			
People, people. Please stop with "This movie was so awesome!", oh I
have to believe this movie was so good, and I have to repeat it because
of the tragedy associated with it. It was not that good.(period) My
bottom line for critiquing a movie is entertainment value. when I see a
movie, I want to be entertained. I don't want to be preached too. I
don't want political messages sandwiched and purposely slid into the
creases of the movie. I don't want to be made to feel guilty about the
environment or some filmmakers, or the Hollywood types personal agenda.So, based solely on the entertainment factor, I was disappointed. The
first problem I had was with "Bain". Really? Was this guy kicked in the
nuts? what was the deal with his Vienna boys choir voice? Whenever he
talked I half expected him to break out into a monologue of
Shakespeare. A villain should have some fear factor. It was so bad I
was pre-occupied with thoughts of - what pro wrestler did they hire to
play this guy?, and who's voice did they use to dub over this goon?,
and why doesn't it match up? Make me afraid of this guy!!!!! Secondly,
the special effects were......sad. When the highlights of the special
effects are the motorcycle turning 90 degrees and having the wheels
flip over?.....Really? Usually excellent special effects can hide some
deficiencies in story and plot. Was I missing something? Next, there
were excellent actors but they had nothing to work with. Lets do 500
really quick scenes and not spend any time exploring anything. Lets
spend all the plot capital on Bain, and Bruce trying to climb out of a
hole? And then have the the men in the bottom of the hole chant, "rise,
rise, rise, rise." How genius! Now we can title the movie " The dark
night.......Rises" Oh awesome, that makes me all warm and fuzzy inside.
The title makes so much sense now.Lets also write a really bland part for "Robin" and have him become the
scout leader or some kind of weird babysitter for the orphan
boys.(can't wait for the next installment with creepy and other than
masculine Robin.) The gal that played Catwoman? Didn't work for me.
Couldn't take my eyes off her freaky collarbone that the pearl necklace
perched eerily on. I think I could stack books on that thing.Obviously four years was long enough for Nolan to lose what ever magic
he had early on in this trilogy. I guess when the first one was so
awesome, it's inevitable that it's going downhill from there. I was not
entertained comparative to the amount of money spent. Save yourself
twenty bucks and wait for it on DVD! You can put a label on a pile of
pooh, and call it batman whatever, but it's still a pile of pooh.
Unless you drank the, oh there was a tragedy so that immediately makes
this movie awesome - kool-aide. The real tragedy is that i saw this
movie on purpose!
			
I was quite sad that the movie turned out to be like it is, because I
really had high hopes for it, especially after the amazing movie that
The Dark Night was.I think that the movie simply has too many inconsistencies and just
plain badly done scenes:1. The scientist takes about 10 seconds to fiddle with a
state-of-the-art reactor and make it into a bomb. 2. They had never
seen this reactor before, supposedly didn't even know it existed, yet
somehow, they have a "nuclear" piece that fits right into it and
magically turns it into a bomb... 3. How batman stays still like he
can't move when he's stabbed, yet 2 minutes later everything is fine
again and he's running around. 4. How when the truck with the bomb
crashes, the woman who's in the front of the truck dies, yet Com.
Gordon, who's in the back of the lorry, in a huge metal compartment,
with no seat belt, no nothing, is just fine. Not even a scratch on him.
5. How they make people walk in ice, yet in the next scene where they
show a view of the city supposedly 1-2 days later, there's no ice to be
seen. 6. How when Robin goes to save the cops and tells them to come up
the manhole, the cop is immediately shot. Also, if the manhole was
there the whole time and it was open, why didn't the cops just escape?
7. The scene where all the cops charge up to the criminals, how come no
one shoots at the running cops before they're like 50 meters from City
Hall, and also, how do Bane and Batman just stand in the middle of
hundreds of guys with guns and yet nobody thinks to shoot at them?Seriously, I could go on, but the truth is that at one point I could
not stop realizing how many sloppy twists and events were happening on
the screen, and how little attention had been given to detail. On top of this, the story becomes weak by trying to include so many
different, irrelevant little things at the same time, which leaves
nothing but poorly developed characters and too many scenes that add
nothing to the plot...All in all, a huge disappointment. I mean, if I hadn't had such great
expectations from such a good director as Nolan, then I probably would
have considered it as passable, nothing to write home about. But after
seeing what he was able to do with The Dark Knight, and then to see
such a crappy followup, leaves me feeling disappointed and sad for what
could (should) have been a great movie.
			
I felt compelled to submit my first IMDb review after seeing the film
today and looking at the IMDb rating and some of the reviews which have
been posted.Nolan has been praised for his gritty realistic portrayal of batman,
yet chooses to focus this last film on a giant cartoon bomb with huge
digits counting down to destruction.WOW...Social, moral and political issues are hinted at but never truly
addressed, instead mind-numbing punch-ups and chases play out with
inevitable conclusions.
			
Well I'm not going to delve too much into the plot of this film, I've
marked it for spoilers so if you're reading this you've either seen it
already or don't care. So lets jump right in, the acting in this movie
is obviously a step down from TDK but that's to be expected. You just
can't top what Heath Ledger did in TDK but overall everyone gives a
good performance. The action is also well done, no complaints there
either. So, good action, good acting, the music is obviously great, why
don't I like this movie? To sum up what is wrong with TDKR, instead of
carefully setting its big moments up like the previous films did, the
story in this film is lazy. If you'll indulge me, lets jump straight to
the laziest part. How did Bane manage to hook up American cable
underground in the middle of Africa? How did Bruce Wayne fix a
completely broken back with rest? How did he get back to Gotham within
24 hours of leaving the hole? How did he even get anywhere since he
climbed out of that hole with no passport, money or identification of
any kind? I'm not someone who usually allows a plot hole to ruin a
movie. But there were just too many in this one to stay invested. They
just throw a bunch of stuff at a wall and hope all of it sticks, which
is a stark contrast to the storytelling excellence of BB and TDK. Maybe
it's because they tried to go too big, but it was a huge
disappointment. I think the positive reputation this film earned was
solely done on the backs of its predecessors.
			
THEY CHANGED THE ENTIRE CHARACTER OF THE VILLAIN. All of the stuff that
made Bain interesting, they didn't even include in the movie. The
premise was idiotic. Batman fans always except that for some reason
villains want to take over Gotham City, who knows why; especially since
they are stuck in the late 50's with the old cars, slum neighborhood
etc. But this was just dumb. First of all they really gave no reason
that this would be so in this movie, they usually give us that. Then
the costume Bain wore served no purpose except to make him look scary,
or in this case like Hannibal Lechter. And then the complete departure
from the storyline that took us out of the country for what seemed like
hours in real time, before "the Dark Knight Rises" which everyone knew
he would, and they didn't even bother to make that interesting. What
they succeeded in doing with this movie was making my butt hurt because
I had been sitting waaaaay too long. So if you go see it, buy the extra
large popcorn, dump a gallon of butter on it, buy a hotdog, a huge
soda, lots of candy, take a cushion, because you're gonna be in there
for a while, waiting for what you already know is going to happen.
			
I understand why people like this film, Bane is fantastic, the music is
epic, and the prac effects are wonderful (also, the first bane batman
fight is brilliant) and it could've been great if it wasn't so full of
massive gaping contrivances, conveniences and pseudo-intellectualism. I truly hated the Disney-esque ending. So Batman entrusts the fate of
the entire city to an autopilot that has been established as being
prone to breaking down? What a jerk! Also, he turns up in public
unrecognised by anyone? What about the skyrocketed crimes now due to
bane, they need batman more then ever right? They also need a
philanthropic billionaire more than ever! (Him losing his fortune via a
criminal act is stunningly absurd isn't it? I'm not the only one who
realises that would never happen right?)But the 3 worst things about the end 1. it ruins the core theme of the
franchise that being Batman has consequences for everyone by giving him
a shmaltzy fairy tale ending with catwoman 2. It ruins the brilliant
Caine performance, I was really touched and forced to think when I saw
Alfred crying at Wayne's tombstone, but that was destroyed by the
penultimate scene. YAY! No consequences, everything is perfect! 3. Bane
was no longer a revolutionary, he was a friend-zoned dog on a leash of
a woman who hates Bruce Wayne so much.... she sleeps with him? WTF?
			
The Dark Knight Rises is a film that gets worse the more you think
about it. I would say this film was damaged by the tragic death of
Health Ledger. As I believe he was intended to be our behind the scenes
main antagonist. But the character Talia Al Ghul was shoehorned in
after plan 'A' was off the books. This film has many MacGuffins e.g.
the presence of Bane. As soon as we find out he is no longer relevant
to the story he is instantly killed off. The Bruce Waynes leg is fixed
by a magic knee brace. Bruce Waynes broken back is fixed by getting
punched to the spine. The whole GCPD stupidly marched into the Gotham
sewers and got trapped for like 3 months. Bane turns the whole city
into raging criminals by reading a statement James Gordon wrote
confessing the truth about Harvey Dent that Bane somehow got, which no
one questions the authenticity of. They just eat it up like good little
sheep. I could go on and on and on. People blindly love this film by
ignoring all its faults. Which is why it has a 8.5 film rating. But
when you think about it long and hard, all you see is a not so great
film hiding in its own hype.
			
Not may, it does!Super villain appears and he is mean and half robot and speaks strange.
Loud music, villain clichs. Batman has to come back, and the cops just
get full retarded when he appears. Hello, Mr. Wayne, close scene, in
bed after sex. Like some old Bond movies.Super villain steals an amazingly sophisticated machine to create with
the help of some super engineer a nuclear bomb, because, you know, he
cannot get an actual nuclear bomb that is just too main stream. Make up
a plot that involves some of the most powerful people of the city for
months of planning, to trap all the police men in the city, why won't
you kill them? You plan to kill them after all as revenge against the
city right?A slow 5 months timer detonating bomb ffs, if you plan to bomb the city
why won't you just detonate the damn bomb when you got it? And the
trigger is in the hands of a citizen..., just when you think Bane lied
about the trigger, the actual super villain appears and tells you, ha
ha! see, there was a trigger and it was a citizen who has it. LOL Then
the previous super villain, that the movie is built around, just
happens to be a regular bouncer of some stupid secret society of super
villains each one more stupid than the previous one.Then every once in a while some cat woman that we know nothing about
from this movie appear, and Wayne feel some warmth in his pants, and
because of that he tries to get her to the bright side. And after some
chasing they fell in love with each other, because of, you know,
reasons.Then they make everyone believe that batman dies, just to come back few
months later in the life of his friends and tell them, aha! I lied for
no good reason! Of course just after 3000 cops with short guns defeat
some tens of thousands of soldiers better equipped, motivated and
positioned, by charging William Wallace style + some stupidly heavy and
slow flying machine "the bat" supporting them.The whole plot is just terrible, makes no sense at all. It is a very
stupid movie. Sometimes it is so bad it is funny. That and the sexy
Anne is the only worthy things.
			
Great director, unbelievably brilliant cast and two outstanding movies
of this trilogy already out - this had everything needed to be a
masterpiece... but it just isn't.I loved two previous Batman movies and was expecting at the very least
a good entertainment from this one. There are so many things wrong with
this movie it's hard to know where to start.1. The plot is flat and very unrealistic. 2. The brilliant cast, actors
who are my absolutely favourite, act as if they don't really know who
their characters are supposed to be, what to do and which emotions to
convey. 3. Lame fighting scenes, seriously just stupid. 4. Batman made
into an old, falling apart fool who then miraculously recovers to be
beaten up again and then again recover. I could go on for ages in this manner. It lacks everything I loved in
the previous ones and on the whole it's so unrealistic it made me go
through all sorts of different emotions every few seconds (not in the
good way), one moment I was laughing (not when it was meant to be
funny), then I was just disgusted only to be extremely bored the next.
It really pains me to say this as I expected a lot from this movie but
it's really not worth watching - unfortunately so...
			
What a disappointment this movie turned out to be. First it is over 2
hours and 30 minutes long. Batman doesn't even show up in the first 45
minutes. It was too drawn out and so much stuff in it had me asking
why. Also the bad guy is someone named Bane. If you don't know anything
about the comics like me, Bane made no sense. Little was explained
about him, did he have super human powers? It seemed like he had extra
strength but the guy that played him wasn't in hulk type shape. The
body type didn't go with the character. Then catwoman gets thrown in.
Why, she steels some stuff and some how has contact with Bane. And
Bruce Wayne is so torn up, he can't do anything in the beginning.
Batman hardly does anything. And at one point Bane captures Batman, how
does he get him to some desert country to put him in a pit prison, then
how does Wayne get back to Gotham. It made no sense.FINAL VERDICT: There's not anything about this movie that would warrant
a recommendation. I'm glad I didn't pay to see it.
			
i suppose going into this film it was easy to believe that it was
beyond criticism. You knew before it was released it was probably going
to become one of the most successful films of all time etc etc and at
least you do see the money on screen. You see where the huge budget has
gone and how expensive it all looks but with most Nolan films, I always
seem to end up admiring the achievement rather than liking the film
itself. In fact, it was tediously boring for me and seemed to get worse
as it went on. To begin with the villain was laughable and indeed I
heard sniggers in the audience as his incomprehensible Casio keyboard
voice was uttered and whilst hardy looked the part, you had to feel
sorry that he'd been turned into such a joke rather than a menacing
presence. I also despaired every time Batman showed up as you waited
with dreaded breath for Bale to put on that ridiculous heavy breathing
voice which really should have been stopped as soon as he first tried
it in rehearsal. The whole thing is humourless and takes itself so
seriously and the only glimmer of fun is to be had with Anne Hathaway
who is definitely watchable in the first half as at least she seem to
be enjoying herself amongst the other 'thespians' doing there 'let's
treat like this like Richard 111'. Sadly she disintegrates as the film
goes on but the whole film gets worse after the enjoyable first half
hour or so. There's no doubt that the scene when the city goes through
it's destruction is breathtaking. In fact it is a huge achievement to
dramatise an act of terrorism in a way that is extraordinary, in these
post 9/11 times and the aerial shot of New York where random explosions
and the bridges fall to dust really creates a nightmarish vision.
However my other issue is Gotham itself. Virtually no attempt was made
to create this city and so you know full well you're in New York. Why
not just call it New York? This is not a Gotham that has been stylised
or created - at least with Tim Burton you got a new architecture and
landscape. I suppose it is snobbery to moan about the writing but
surely the most enthusiastic of enthusiasts must frown at lines like
'you can't save the world until you start trusting it'. I realise films
like these are not about great writing but at the end, I'm left with
nothing else either. Glad I saw it but could never watch it again.
			
I consider myself a huge fan of comic book movies. They're basically
character studies with huge budgets and great special effects. I have
to admit I'm not the hugest fan of Nolan's trilogy. For a movie that's
supposed to be so serious and realistic the movies stop to have really
dumb unrealistic moments for the sake of being "epic". Not to mention
whenever Nolan writes dialogue for the mystique or mythos of Batman
it's ALWAYS corny. He writes such great dialogue for his villains but
anytime he tries to write for Batman or people talking about the idea
of Batman it gets super cheesy *SPOILERS*****. The result we have here
is basically Nolan sleepwalking through the movie with poor dialogue,
plot inconsistencies, character motivations that aren't clear, poor
fight choreography, and probably the worst ending I've ever seen in a
superhero movie or a Nolan film in general.To get the good out of the way.... Ummm I honestly have nothing good to
say about this movie. All the pieces are here to make a great movie. I
can see why people love this movie, because it's basically a copy of
The Dark Knight. Everything good gets undercut by the end of the movie.
Tom Hardy as Bane turns in a great menacing performance that is worthy
being held up to next to the Joker. He almost saves the film just like
Heath Ledger did with the first sequel except towards the end of the
movie he is totally underused and undercut. But all of his scenes where
good or at least set up well. There's also two cameos that where great
and really pumped me up for the rest of the movie that I won't spoil. I
could say the movies greatest strength and crutch is that it ties so
well into the first movie, but that also slows the movie down and makes
it trip over it's own feet several times. The Score is solid if a
little repetitive and the movie looks great at points.Now to the bad. This movie is so slow. I'm not going to say boring
because that's subjective, but even people who loved the movie can
attest to the fact that this movie's pacing is a big problem. What's
more is the story pacing which takes it's time inching along until the
final act which just breezes by important details leaving anyone
besides the core fan base cold and unsatisfied. The editing is horrific
and I don't know if I can blame the editor or Nolan's top heavy script
which just like the last movie brings in the overly complicated story.
The problem with such a convoluted narrative is that in order to get
people to know what's going on the audience gets their hand held
through scenes as actors have to constantly repeat what we're supposed
to take away from the scene, which makes the movie predictable. I knew
the ending to every single scene either from knowing the way it
mirrored a scene earlier in the trilogy or just the way it's
telegraphed. The acting isn't very good either aside from Bane who
ironically gets more expressiveness out of his face when it's mostly
covered up. All these actors are normally great but they're literally
given only one expression. All the characters are one note throughout
the whole movie there is no real character progression. The ending is
stupid in so many ways i won't get into and this is just an unpleasant
experience for anyone who isn't already loving the movie walking in.Now to hit some personal points I think Nolan is a good director who
gets a lot of credit for using a very specific bag of tricks and makes
crowd pleaser's that function as thought provoking movies. Much like
Tarantino once you see the formula a lot of the magic is gone. Nolan is
no David Fincher or Sam Mendes. He doesn't have the teeth to end a
movie in a dark way everything always works out in the end and it's
frustrating. *****SPOILERS***** The last act is probably more boring
because there's no sense of tension. I knew from the beginning no main
characters where going to die because Nolan is so soft. If I had to
give the last harry potter movies credit they killed off a lot of the
main cast so there was a genuine sense of not knowing whose going to
make it. Another problem is that this is the most indulgent movie I've
seen this year. There is no reason this movie needed to be so long. It
pretends to be some great thoughtful movie, but it's not. There are so
many themes in this movie that are too obvious or don't come into play
into the movies ending. Not to mention the themes in this movie heavily
contradict the ones in the previous movies. This is a really dumb movie
pretending to be a smart thoughtful one. There are so many moments that
are exaggerated to a ridiculous level to be "epic" that made me roll my
eyes, this is on a Spiderman 3 level of trilogy ending.I'm giving this 4 stars because the average movie audience isn't going
to care about story structure and not look as deep into it as some
cinephiles may. It's a very polarizing movie, but it's really insulting
at times and the more I think about it the more I dislike it. I'm
really worried that superman might be 3 hours long now.
			
I was really excited when this movie was finally coming out. Seeing as
it was Christopher Nolan, I thought it would be great as I've liked
every other movie he's been involved with. But I couldn't get myself to
like TDKR. Too much was happening and Nolan introduces all these
problems that are solved moments later which makes me wonder why they
were introduced in the first place. Nolan also gives us all these new
characters(Catwoman, Robin, etc) and why? They didn't serve much of a
purpose and I couldn't get myself to care about them. Also, nothing
about this movie was clever. The twist at the end that reveals the real
mastermind behind destroying Gotham wasn't all that surprising. The
second Miranda showed up, I was immediately skeptical. This movie was
just full of plot holes and I honestly wish they just hadn't made a
sequel to The Dark Knight. I loved TDK and I really wanted this movie to be great. I really did,
but I just didn't think it was. I think everyone feels obligated to
praise this movie because it's Christopher Nolan and won't admit that
even the greatest directors and screenwriters make bad movies.
			
After taking the fall for Harvey Dent's tragic demise multi-millionaire
Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale returns) turns into a semi-crippled recluse
hiding out in his mansion, reducing his companionship to the faithful
butler Alfred (Michael Caine). Gotham is now a city governed by the
rigid Dent Act, which has cleared the streets of crime, but overfilled
the prisons. With Batman now both obsolete and wanted the war on crime
is seemingly won and even the hero Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman)
contemplates a hard earned rest, while still troubled by the Batman's
sacrifice. That is until the up-and-commance of the masked mercenary
Bane (Tom Hardy voiced by Sean Connery) topples the facade and awakes
Wayne's past demons. Batman reemerges - together with Selina Kyle (Anne
Hathaway) karate high-heeling and street-cop Blake (Joseph
Gordon-Lewitt) as the moral fibre of the city.The masterful "The Dark Knight" together with a relatively spectacular
career spanning from "Memento", "Batman Begins" and "Inception" the
Nolanite army has become a powerful force (as proved by the
ridiculously high IMDb ranking of this movie). Despite apparent flaws,
idiosyncrasies and an inexplicable flush of "Batman and Robin"
reminiscent cheesy one-liners, the ending to the trilogy has garnered
an astounding 8,8 rating. Much is owed to the brilliance of the
previous two outings of Nolan's Batman, especially to the mind-warping
villainous and already legendary Heath Ledger Joker (not toppled by the
slightly bombastic and naive ending of the boat conundrum). With the
whole film world in awe everyone wanted and expected the Batman trilogy
to end as a masterpiece.Alas - it was not to be. Naturally the final part lacked the same
captivating evil-doer as Joker and no one expected anything of the same
magnitude to be possible. Although Hardy as Bane does a great job
making himself a credible and deadly opponent to Batman, he lacks the
same story impact (unable to carry the movie as Ledger did in his
outing), which is even more diminished as he is inexcusably downgraded
and lazily disposed of before the denouement. Therefore it was quite
apparent that the weight of the final part of Nolan's Batman will lay
strongly on the shoulders of the plot and story, which would have to
outdo the already sturdy scripts in the first two outings.
Unfortunately for the Nolan brothers their creative genius is vastly
overrated, as they embark onto their final Batman adventure with a
nonsensical script ridden with holes as vast as an exploding stadium
and several iffy performances (featuring the most laughable death scene
in living memory). These flaws are glossed over by the technical and
narrative brilliance of Christopher Nolan, who manages to bring
together a pretty looking picture with framing to die for. However
instead of coherence Nolan goes for the effect factor, regardless of
logical bearing (like the visually engulfing, but literally dumbfounded
police squad fist fight).After giving the movie a second chance, the incessant problems instead
of receding, start overflowing and expanding (instead of one sore thumb
down your other thumb starts feeling numb). Essentially "The Dark
Knight Rises" does best as a pure action flick, even though sequences
are rather sparse and interlope with many dramatic sequences of varying
valour. Nolan's picture is mostly dissatisfying on a cerebral level -
various moral questions appear, but function mostly as superficial and
purely instrumental plot points. Given Nolan's capabilities a more
focused look into the morality of the Dent Act or the underpinnings of
the nod to the Occupy Wall Street movement would have been very
welcome. Instead Nolan offers us outtakes of cheesy superhero
one-liners like "This isn't a car" and ventures in soapy melodrama with
a side order of overcooked pathos. Not quite Michael Bay's
"Transformers" or "Batman and Robin", but much closer in class to those
productions than to the previous Nolan Batman movies or Tim Burtons
comiccy gems.
			
This is probably a totally different kind of review, but it does have
to do with the movie, so I'll just get started.You know, I've been writing this book and at a point when I was stuck
and needed inspiration I decided to watch this movie, hoping it would
inspire me so I could connect the dots in my story line. I have a plot,
but all the pieces don't fit together. It's been incredibly important
to me to make sure that anything that happens in my book doesn't just
pop out of the blue; that it's explainable and the audience can
understand why it's happening or how it got to that point.When I was watching this movie, it was the first time I really paid
attention to the plot....and realized that it's FULL of loopholes! For
instance, how does Robin - just by looking at canisters full of
explosives - realize exactly what Bane is trying to do with them? That
certainly wasn't explained. Yet it gets an 8.8 rating on IMDb? How did
that happen? Now I'm confused on how this movie got such a great rating
with a plot that's full of unexplained gaps.
			
The ONLY reason this has a high rating is because it is riding off the
popularity of The Dark Knight with the Joker. That is IT!! First off
let me say this: Batman was seen in costume maybe 18 to 20 minutes out
of the 2 hour movie!! Secondly, the movie went against what DC portrays
the Batman to be. He showed himself to be a defeatist, a person of
weakness, and fear. The fight scenes with the lame Bane was almost
hilarious!!! This movie was SO predictable I found it quite boring
after 40 minutes into it and, get this, Batman not believing in guns,
Bane was shot with a gun at the end. I mean, COME ON! The ONLY reason I
gave it a 4 was due to the last 30 minute battle scene. Other than that
it was a joke and wish I could have gotten a refund for this movie.
			
So Let's see, The Conclusion to Chris Nolan's Dark Knight Trilogy.
Starting with Batman Begins which was a great movie that pioneered the
new wave of superhero films with blockbuster action and near art house
philosophy with superheroes at the center. It took the concept of fear
and turning it into power. Then came what is considered Nolan's
greatest work, The Dark Knight. The Dark Knight brought in an engaging
villain, ideas of anarchy vs control, real tragedy and analysis on what
it takes to turn a hero to the dark side. Then came this movie...Well I personally don't care for it. It's long and pretentious and has
loads of laughable moments. Bruce Wayne is written to be a little
annoying and out of character. There are GAPING plot holes, nonsensical
writing and odd creative decisions.First, what I like about the movie: Bane and Cat-woman. Bane is great.
Tom Hardy is a great actor. He can be just a little hard to understand
at times but did a great job nonetheless with an intelligent yet
intimidating portrayal. That said, the character he played was Bane, in
name only. No characteristics were taken from the comics otherwise.
Cat-woman is great and that's all I can say. Her scenes are the most
fun to watch in the movie.So where did the movie go wrong? Well, it has a lot to say but never
takes the time to say it. It's also over 2 and a half hours long, which
I don't usually mind but the editing and pacing are very hectic. It
never takes the time to examine it's characters. Batman is a whiny
recluse now and that character change plays no real part in the story
later. The Batman voice is even more annoying in this one. The plot of the
Dark Knight is made completely useless. They could have skipped that
movie and gone to this one and everything would have been fine. the
only remnant is Bruce Wayne's trauma (which goes NOWHERE) and the Dent
act which caused peace (which goes NOWHERE). Things they could have cut
out of the movie to save time since they clearly lengthened the movie
ad cut bits and pieces everywhere.Bane has an overly complicated plan that involves (yet is not limited
to) stealing Bruce Wayne's fingerprints, bankrupting him, breaking
batman and throwing him into prison, destroying the city for the next 5
months, taking over the city and revealing the lies of commissioner
Gordan, using tech from Wayne industries to break open black gate
prison, then nuking the city. In that exact order. Why not just break
Batman then nuke the city?Some Questions: If Bane has Bruce's fingerprints why is he stealing his
tech? And why bankrupt him if you're just going to throw him in a pit
and take over the city anyway? What is Bane's motivation really? He
says the criminals are oppressed by the government but never explains
how. His MO keeps changing though out the movie really Why is he
attacking Gotham and claiming it needs to be saved like this when the
first 30 minutes established Gotham is perfectly fine and at "peace
time"? If you're going to say because the commissioner lied about
Two-face you'd be wrong because the league of shadows has no problem
with lying and deceit to gain power (evidenced by Batman Begins and
this movie). Why put Batman, WORLDS GREATEST DETECTIVE, in a prison A
CHILD once escaped from? Why keep him alive anyway? The entire "your
punishment must be more severe" line has no logic in it. The league of
shadows kills its enemies but now it just keeps the most dangerous ones
alive?Talia al Ghul appears. I have issues with this. Why do her and Bruce
Suddenly start having sex completely out of nowhere when they've JUST
met? she says she hated her father for banishing Bane but still wants
to carry out his plan. WHY? Why send EVERY policeman in Gotham to fight
Bane in the sewers? couldn't they have gassed the sewer instead or kept
some officers on the surface?Aside from those questions, there is really no chemistry between Bruce
and Talia or Batman and Cat-woman or Bane and Talia. These romances
happen without any prior indication and just confused me.It's not very faithful to the comics, but Nolan never wanted it to be
anyway. I don't mind that and the other 2 movies did it pretty well,
but in this case it's so far from the comics that there's no reason for
this to be a Batman film. NONE. Other than the costumes. Where is the
detective work? Where is the use of intelligence? Where is the dark
atmosphere? most of this movie happens in the day time. Where's the
noir feel that Batman is known for? Bane is nothing like this in the
comics and for that matter neither is Talia.But I'd let that slide if the plot made logical sense. Bane's and
Talia's deaths are both completely lackluster scenes. The ending was
predictable and foreshadowed heavily by both Lucius Fox and Alfred. And
speaking of the ending... BATMAN DOESN'T QUIT!!!!! WHAT IN THE WORLD
WAS THAT ABOUT? ONE OF THE MAIN FOCUSES OF THE COMICS IS BATMAN'S
OBSESSION WITH CRIME AND HOW IT CONSUMES HIS LIFE!! HE STAYS BATMAN
TILL OLD AGE. It might sound nit- picky but it's a major trait that
batman has.There's just so much wrong with this movie. It has great scenes but
they don't make sense in terms of the over-all film. Things aren't
really explained very well either. to each their own I guess. This was
not for me.
			
I loved the first two Batmans because he was Batman, but this one was
such a let down! There wasn't one moment where the audience or anyone
in the movie was like "wow thats Batman!". I kept thinking: "after this
scene they are really going to make him come back" and then, "oh after
this scene we are really going to see Batman!". Never happened. I am
pretty sure if I had counted he probably only put the suit on five
times the whole movie and they tore him down never to bring him back up
in any real Batman capacity. Basically the entire movie was him getting
his you know what kicked. And the end was left open too. I am so
disappointed.
			
I didn't really enjoy the Christopher Nolan trilogy, and I am not sure
why. I don't think there was anything in them, thematically or
otherwise, that really interested me. I liked the villain, Bane, mostly
for his cool accent. The movie had a decent build, with Bane defeating
Batman and taking over Gotham, but I really didn't follow what it was
for. Then the final sequence where they are trying to find the bomb in
time felt really generic. Another
superhero-saves-the-world-at-the-last-minute type of deal that had zero
interest or suspense. I really don't care about any of the questions
that the movie might be raising about how far does Batman have to go to
stop terrorists who don't play by any rules. I didn't care about any of
the characters or performances, except maybe Gary Oldman. By the time
we find out about Talia and who everyone is, I felt like everything had
deflated. It was well made, but I was just never into it.
			
Interminable, interminable, interminable, interminable, interminable,
interminable, interminable, interminable, interminable, interminable,
interminable, interminable, interminable, interminable, interminable,
interminable, interminable, interminable, did I say interminable yet?
What a waste of acting talent, the only bright spot was the good
casting /production values which made the film tolerable to sit through
but I never want to see it again although I did enjoy the first two
films and have watched them several times. The directing was poor, the
writing was poor, character development was poor, and the actors were
not allowed to act to their potential. Scenes were drawn out, some were
dead ends (long and drawn out dead ends, perhaps this was an even
longer film and too much was cut out to shorten it? The film was as a
dirge. Perhaps it should have been named the "The Dark Knight Trudges
On". Only ONE moment of comedic relief and it was not original but the
film was so droll the joke, any joke, was appreciated. This movie could
have been standard length and been much better or much longer (with
fewer dead ends) and perhaps better. Another film which was clearly
done to just rake in the residual dough.
			
A good action film but it disappoints in a big way. So what's there in this that's better than the other Chris Nolan films,
is style and the magnanimous production design where now, we have
exceptional aerial shots and many of them hovering over the fictional
city of Gotham. But what's missing is the soul of Nolan, the
screenplay. The music by Hans Zimmers is OK OK and more melodramatic
than action packed. The editing is too very bad coz too many details
that lead to nothing are presented in this 2 hours 25 minute saga that
could have been done in 2 hours, only if the extra characters of the
board members and others were cut down and those many aerial shots were
cut down too. The dialogues are way too bland for Bane (Tom Hardy).
Bane is not anywhere close to be menacing but at the end he turns out
to be doing, what Miranda Tate (Marion Cotillard) says. No, great
villain either. And coming to our batman, he fails in a fight and he
has to redeem his freedom, he takes an ordeal of doing a climb that
takes more than 10 minutes of screen space. Was so much necessary is
what I ask now. Also, there are identities revealed only at the end
like that of Robin or Talia, ah too much suspense being held till the
end is not a good thing, we don't need oil when the food has been
cooked up. The saddest part turns out that Alfred who has protected Wayne for such
a long time, cries for he has failed Bruce Wayne. The much sad part is
Bruce Wayne has to now live in exile as he is presumably dead just to
be shown in a frame to reveal that Batman cannot end. OK, yes so he
used autopilot too but that's so impertinent at the end coz we would
have been exhausted by dialogue after dialogue for a large part of the
film which take away the sheen. The dialogue I must say, is very
clichd and even amateurish from a man who has written Dark Knight and
Inception. Now, remember this is a sequel for Dark Knight so we do expect a big
ride, so nothing like that anywhere, this is rather a slow paced
dramatic and less action packed turmoil that takes us through the
torture of being a superhero. The blessing in disguise, although is
Catwoman (Anne Hathaway) oh, she comes up with some good acting skills
and is in fact our hero, coz she killed the villain. Yeah, we know that
'he who kills a villain is hero'. So, it has got good things but they are far away from each other. It's
an okie dokie kinda ride and a 2/5 would be apt as per me. But if you
have high expectations coz it's NOLAN you are a welcome aboard member
to a disappointment group.
			
I don't doubt it will be regarded as total heresy to say so, but The
Dark Knight Rises is confused, muddled, bombastic nonsense.I remember quite liking Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins, not rating
The Dark Knight very much, but this, the conclusion of Nolan's trilogy
(there were other, to my mind more successful, editions of the
franchise) really doesn't take off. And the only folk we can blame are
director Christopher Nolan who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother
Jonathan. (I don't much like Christian Bale, and never have, who seems
to take himself just a tad too seriously in whatever role he plays, but
that is, at present, beside the point.)To be blunt the film is a mess from the plot up. I'm not even too sure
what the story is: what is going on? I'll leave to one side ludicrous
elements such as how Batman/Bruce Wayne manages to heal himself after
having his back broken and, once escaping his jail in India, somehow
gets to Gotham City within a day; or who and what are Daggett and
Stryver, introduced as apparently essential part of the story, then
dispensed with in a trice; or 'Dr Pavel'; or the about-turn of Miranda
from being Batman's love interest to being the villain of the piece in
an odd twist on the deus ex machine ruse.But on it goes, from one careless obscure detail to another. And this
is great filmmaking? Where is the rooting for the good guys we expect
in such a blockbuster aimed at the adolescent in all of us? Where is
the suspense? What suspense there was is so synthetically contrived
that there's no suspense at all.There are some good things in it and some good actors (and why are
Aidan Gillen - who I didn't even notice - and Cillian Murphy, two fine
actors, reduced to bit parts of no consequence whatsoever?) But none of
them do anything to redeem the film.In previous incarnations Batman was played by Michael Keaton, Val
Kilmer and George Clooney. I haven't seen the Clooney version, but in
those earlier films the whole exercise did not take itself too
seriously and they were enjoyable and cartoonish. Under Nolan that has
changed: it is all so ponderously, bombastically done that where there
should be a liveliness, a sense of fun, the heart of it all is dead. By
all means see it (if you are reading this to decide whether it is worth
your time), but you have been warned. It isn't at all good.
			
This is just a review from an average movie watcher, I don't claim to
be a Batman expert or anything of the like. I just want to start by
saying I love Christian Bale as Batman. However, this movie was not up
to par. It was way too boring in the beginning and felt like a 5 hour
movie! I was disappointed in the ending and quite honestly, I really
could gone without seeing the movie. (Spoiler if you don't read celeb
news or if you haven't seen the movie...) I probably won't watch any
more of these movies after hearing that Christian Bale is hanging up
the cape. The dude from 3rd Rock might make a good Robin, but not a
Batman. Just my opinion, of course.
			
Lets start with the GOOD BITS-Very good use of drama for effect, when Bane blows up the playing field
and all you can hear is the soft voice of the boy singing.Good special effects when it is present.Awesome bat cars/planes/bikesBAD BITS-Almost everythingBatman would surely have died from that nuclear bomb and everyone in
Gotham would have died of radiation.Why would all the police officers in Gotham go underground when they
know that Bane has lots of explosives to trap them(which were used to
cut off every way into Gotham).When Bruce's back is broken it would have paralyzed him or even killed
him but miraculously is cured by a kick to the back. And even if this
were possible it would take months to recover but Bruce is back up on
his feet within days.Robin finally turns up (not in costume) at the end of the trilogy when
there's no more left!!VERY LONG AND SLOW AND GETS QUITE BORING AFTER THE FIRST HOUR OR TWO!! VERDICT: I was quite hoping for it to be "the ultimate ending to a
brilliant trilogy" but I felt as though it was very slow and didn't
even compare to the first 2 (batman begins and the dark knight).Bane, although a very good character is not explained as well as he
could of and you cant understand what he is saying through most of the
film. This is also the same for Catwoman.You only get to see batman in costume for no longer than 20 minutes in
the whole two and three quarter long film which is quite disappointing.I suppose its better than watching paint dry but not by much and its an
okay movie that does kinda finish the trilogy but if you haven't got
much time to spare, don't waste your time watching this as its a
complete waste of 3 hours unless your the ultimate Batman fan.
			
Strip away the visuals and the cinematography, and this movie screams
self-parody. There's nothing new to say in this franchise that hasn't
been beaten over your head in previous movies. It's no Batman Begins or
the Dark Knight, which were solid movies. But this time the franchise
jumped the shark.The formula broke under the weight of its own hyperbole. So tired and
overwrought, I completely lost interest. Self-important high drama, big
bad city terrorism, evil trying to outdo itself with every sequel,
fabricated family drama we've seen many flavors of before. Even the
surprises were no longer surprises.I felt nothing watching this flick. Well, with the exception that I
just wanted everybody to die in a fiery ball of neutron bomb death to
end the franchise as a mercy killing.Please make it stop, Nolan.
			
-May contain spoilers.- I don't even know where to begin with my
criticism of this film. What I can start off by saying is that after
the sheer amazing storytelling performed in The Dark Knight, this movie
failed utterly to follow it up. I think the main reason was because in
The Dark Knight it was not Christian Bale as The Batman you found
yourself relating to, or even rooting for, but Heath Ledger as The
Joker.Once more we find a film where the bad guy seems more human than the
supposed hero. I found that I could relate more to Bane than I could
Batman. Though not as good as The Joker, Tom Hardy does a decent job of
playing his role as Bane, the once-imprisoned mercenary whose only sin
was losing his humanity for the love of a child. His frank honesty and
seemingly heartfelt desire to liberate the common man really struck a
chord with me and I spent the entire film hoping he would pull it off.Once again Christian Bale delivers a wooden, unbelievable role as The
Batman. Poor acting and the pure goofiness of how he changes his voice
once he dons the costume lose it for me. Unlike the first one where a
large portion of the movie is spent with The Joker, Bane's appearances
are far and in-between so you get to spend more time with Bale as
Batman on screen and this killed it for me. One scene in particular
towards the end where he is beating on Bane, asking about the detonator
had me cracking up at how campy Bale's "angry voice" is and how stupid
his mouth looked as even it moved over-dramatically with his spoken
words.Sadly, even Michael Caine's performance as Alfred was cheesy and his
supposedly emotional scenes were unbelievable and just plain dumb.
Though I have to say that Anne Hathaway provided some form of relief
with her performance as Catwoman, though she looked the part more so
than any previous attempt at Selina Kyle, she could not put a "scratch"
on the surface of Pfeiffer's 1992 performance as the same.As I like to make my reviews unbiased, I can honestly say that even
from the standpoint of someone who enjoyed the comics, this movie took
one too many liberties. Where the original Robin was the child of
circus performers, this movie tries to introduce him as an orphaned
police officer.I only give this movie four stars because of Hardy's redeeming
performance as Bane. Otherwise, this film did not come close to
touching even the worst of films in the Batman series.
			
I don't know if this is a legitimate reason to not like a movie but it
just seemed so ridiculous to me. Like unbelievable. Many specific
moments to cite that are just...... like there are just too many plot
holes in the universe. i guess it's natural for it to be that way
because it's a comic book movie (sorta) but it just seemed unnatural to
me.OK well this thing isn't letting me submit under 10 lines of text? Bale throws a rock at the TV when he's in that one jail scene kinda
ridiculous in general and why have people even stayed in Gotham? and
how isn't everyone running away from the city in any way possible like
the second anything happensi guess I'm not giving it enough leeway - it was cool. twist and stuff
were pretty cool. but that's all i took out of it - it was cool. i'll
re-watch it for sure right after re-watching the first two though, I'll
probably feel a bit differently.
			
Have I seen a worse movie? No I can't say that I have. This was
pathetic. If the director is still alive: 1. He shouldn't be. 2. He
should be ashamed. 3. God, how I would like to take out my 2 completely
wasted hours of time on his a$$.To give you guys a few pointers of the "film": 1. (I'm a male) and I would rather give myself a papercut on the
opening of my urethra before viewing this again (seriously).2. It does have a few known names in it (Casper Van Dien, Erika
Eleniak, Coolio). They don't help, and their careers in cinema after
this "film" are officially over by the way.3. The dialog is the worst I've ever heard. "I want to ejaculate on
your bozonkas."? What kind of writer did they have on this film? Was he
still using hooked-on-phonics and just got his letters mixed up to make
these horrible sentences?, or was he trying to get the Director killed
by the few people who saw this? 4. Watch this "film" backwards. Because I PROMISE you that you do not
want to watch it forwards.5. This "film" would make Helen Keller get up and walk out of the
theater.6. The set of the movie looks like an adult sized McDonald's playplace.
I was just waiting for this so called "Dracula" to fall in the ball pit
at some time in the movie.7. Also, I like that in the year 3000 they still have headsets with
wires that go to their mouth. No bluetooth, no wireless headsets, no
chips placed in the brain, but they use headsets borrowed from a
telemarketing agency that went out of business in 1983(Nice job Set
director on this one. Real professional. I hope you're currently
unemployed and reading this.) 8. I don't know who was in charge of special effects, but I could have
done better in my backyard with my VHS camcorder that doesn't have a
battery.9. I was a devout Catholic before this "film". But since viewing it, I
know there is not a God, because if there was, he wouldn't have let
this film be produced. I am now an atheist.10. I'll be honest I can't talk about the ending. Last time I tried to
explain it I fell into a coma.Folks however bored you get, however curious(or brave) you are, however
many laughs you THINK you will get out of this movie, please DO NOT
WATCH THIS. It has literally ruined my life. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!Comment to the director: I hate you. You have ruined my life. After
viewing this I feel empty inside. My wife and kids have left me and
hate me because I couldn't speak or hardly move after seeing this. I
lost my job, my dignity, and above all my pride. I will never forgive
you in this life or the next(which is not looking good from my newfound
beliefs) .
			
Considering that they wanted to do a vampire movie in space, I thought,
"Well, it'll probably be pretty cheesy, but at least interesting enough
to see a different take on the whole genre." Whoops. I don't care what
kind of movies you like; even if you're the biggest vampire, horror,
thriller, or suspense fan in the world, or adversely, if you've never
seen a horror movie before and would expect that your first would be
impressive in any way whatsoever...you're wrong. I don't think I've
ever seen a "made for TV movie" or after-school special this bad. I've
never seen a TV pilot show this bad. I've never seen footage of animals
sleeping or shitting that's as bad as this. This is, by far, the single
biggest waste of hours you could otherwise spend contemplating the
importance of dish towels and their effect on your life. I would far
rather be trapped in a bathroom for weeks with nothing to consume but
my own urine and excrement than watch even a single clip of this movie
again. Watching this made me wish for the fates that the characters
fell to instead of dealing with knowing that I paid money to watch it.
It was, however, like a train wreck: so bad you just couldn't help but
watch, hoping something good might happen. It didn't. Please, for the
love of God, if you or your friends - even if using illicit substances
while doing so - even consider watching this movie, choose instead to
have a contest to see who can shoot a snot-rocket farther. It will
bring you far greater enjoyment and entertainment.
			
I'm at a loss for words. This movie is beyond description. I don't
believe there is a language on Earth that has a word that can describe
how horrible this movie is. If you do attempt to watch it, be sure to
stick around for the "suprise ending". I only made it about three
quarters of the way through this piece of crap before I couldn't take
it anymore. Fortunately(or unfortunately) a couple of my buddies stayed
till the end. When they woke up from their coma and after a couple of
weeks of therapy they were able to fill me in on what I had missed.
This movie has no story, no plot, horrible writing, and even worse
acting. If you enjoy watching train wrecks or auto accidents then this
film is for you. I think my IQ dropped about 30 points from watching
this (insert expletive here).
			
Space is a vacuum, right? Therefore, space sucks. Vampires also suck. A
really bad vampire movie set in space would have twice the sucking
power, right?It started with what could have been a fun premise. Retelling Bram
Stoker's Dracula story in the future. There's a salvage crew that's
sent out to investigate a cargo ship that's lost in space called the
Demeter. Fans of the original novel will unwittingly assume that this
is to be a straightforward retelling of Dracula set in the future...
unfortunately, short of sharing character names, this one takes the
lowbrow route and goes into the B-movie galaxy twenty minutes later
when Coolio becomes a vampire. Trust me when I tell you he's the best
actor in the movie, and that's not saying much.Casper Van Dien should be peddling his wares on daytime television.
Erika Eleniak should have quit after she left Baywatch and poor Udo
Kier is having trouble reading from the cue cards. The guy who plays
Dracula in this one is more ridiculous than Frank Langella was in the
1970's version. If you can manage to sit through the whole movie, you
will be rewarded with the worst ending imaginable. The ending makes one
wonder if the actors and the crew realized what a piece of garbage they
were making and walked off the set.Take heed, vampire fans. This one sucks twice as hard.
			
My goodness. And here I thought that there were no directors worse than
Uwe Boll.Imagine the number of decisions necessary to produce a motion picture.
Conceptual approval. Scriptwriting. Dialogue editing. Casting. Set and
prop design. Location selection. Acting. Timing. Cinematography.
Lighting. Music. Sound and video editing. Direction.Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.Result: Dracula 3000.For a film supposedly set in the 2900s, this movie looks surprisingly
like a cheap gangsta flick of the 1970's. The set is ridiculous for the
period. The dialogue is atrocious. The timing of each scene is
ludicrous. The acting is beyond abysmal. Everything stinks.Let's just take props, for example. If you have a movie set on a space
freighter built in 2900, how likely is it that it will have the exposed
piping and hydraulic doors of a 1960's era oil tanker? What, technology
hasn't changed in 900 years? The 'Professor' uses a standard tandy
keyboard and Radio-Shack flipswitches to "reprogram" the computer.
What, they haven't figured out voice control yet? Of course, the Prof
is tethered to a wheelchair. With wheels. Even though, you know,
they've got intergalactic hyperdrive...but apparently not even a
motorized wheelchair, much less a floating one, or bionic legs or
something. And apparently this freighter was carrying an intergalactic
consignment of rosewood caskets. How convenient. Then there are the
weapons -- the crew carry standard late 20th-century firearms. In a
ship. In the vacuum of space, where one bullethole would kill them all.
Nice planning there, prop department.Oh, why go on.
			
Dracula 3000 is the epitome of painfully cheesy cinema. From the
get-go, I assumed I was in for something pretty nasty. With a cast line
up that featured Casper Van Dien, Erika Eleniak, Coolio, and Tiny
Lister, what could be expected? Well, let's just say that expectations
were crushed...If I really start up, I feel like this review will go on for ages, so
we're gonna keep this simple. The vampire isn't even named Dracula. The
space crew is carrying coffins from the Carpathian sector of the
Transylvania system. In his big scene, Coolio speaks of the most
horrible things ever spoken of in film history. In the year 3000,
everyone wears bad clothes by today's standards, they don't have
anything more advanced than a modern wheelchair, and they decorate with
neon lights that appear stolen from a roller rink.To top it all off... the ending. Sweet merciful God. It doesn't deserve
to be ruined. It has to be sen to be believed.I've rated this movie a "1" and I wish I could give it a zero... yet I
feel compelled to make you watch it. What madness is this?
			
This might quite possibly be the worst movie I have ever seen. I knew
it was a B-movie before watching it (it was actually the reason for
watching it), but I'd never thought it could be this bad. The title
promises Dracula in space and does deliver, however, the story makes no
real use of the fact that Casper van Dien's character is a descendant
of Van Helsing. And watch out for the ending of the movie, it comes at
you fast. I've never seen an ending scream out "And now we're over
budget!" in a clearer fashion. Their resolution of the movie was rather
comic though, the story had so obviously painted itself into a corner.
If you feel you have to see it, watch it with a friend who shares your
love of B-movies. If I hadn't, I wouldn't have made it to the end.
			
Being a huge horror movie fan, one of the most difficult things to be
considering the lack of abundance of good movies in the genre, and
having seen hundreds of them in my lifetime, I have to say that Dracula
3000 is by far the most uninspired, lame and poorly done piece of trash
I have had the misfortune to see. STAY AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE! It's so
bad it's not even laughable. The special effects (did I say "special"?)
were probably achieved spending a couple of grand, the acting is
terrible and the script should have ended up in the trash bin after the
first read by the studio that decided to take on this miserable
project. The whole movie was literally filmed in a warehouse. Also, for
you guys out there who like nudity in your movies, don't be fooled by
the R rating. If you're thinking you get a chance to see Erika Eleniak
even half-naked, you're wrong. She is fully clothed throughout the
entire movie. And the cover art is completely misleading! There is no
scene in any part of the movie that even marginally resembles the
awesome cover art they put on the box to draw unsuspecting horror fans.Too bad the rating is only 1 to 10. I would give this movie a -10. Be
warned. Don't waste your money or your time on this one.
			
Dracula 3000 or Van Helsing "Dracula's Revenge" (Cheap cash in on
another lame Vampire flick) as I saw it is a master class in how not to
make a movie. A rag tag collection of misfit salvager's board a
previously lost cargo ship "The Demeter" in the (cough) Carpathian
System (which later is upgraded to the Carpathian Galaxy) and awake a
relentless evil (in this case the script). The film is a bizarre
bastardization of Event Horizon and whatever the lamest Vampire film of
all time is.****Spoliers Follow**** After a plethora of production company logos
and a credit sequence that most of the budget must have been blown on,
we open with a cheesy exposition type speech from Casper (silly name)
who plays Captain Abraham Van Helsing (sillier name) and in lieu of
actual character development, goes on to describe the twisted,
unintelligible oddities that make up his crew. Van Helsing himself
sports a spray on stubble and wears a body warmer throughout in a sort
of retro 80's tribute to Han Solo (I guess). Now and again the Captain
of the Demeter pops up in some sort of mad video diary to tell us
nothing of consequence in a pronounced German accent (subtitles sadly
not included). Crewmember Mina boards the derelict ship (alone???)
armed only with a gun shaped torch and thick east-European accent while
conversing with Van Helsing on his ships bridge (which is basically a
single glittery wall). Mina wearing a gas mask with rubber hoses glued
to the front, encounters what can only be described as a skateboarder
in a black cloak who continually glides by the camera. Why this happens
as the Vampire is not yet made flesh is never explained. This leads on
to a shaky camera chasing Mina down the hallways until she runs into
Humvee. It's possible Will Smith could have been drafted in to write
Humvee's lines as most of them consist of Humvee reminding us he is
black every ten seconds and saying the word "ass" enough for a Guinness
book of records entry while delivering all this in a "from DA hood"
accent (this is the year 3000, does "DA hood" even exist?) One of the
main problems with this film is that it insanely tries to pretend its
set in the year 3000. Unfortunately anyone with healthy eyes won't buy
this, as the Demeter looks suspiciously like a soviet style ocean going
tanker. Possibly the film crew thought it would be okay to leave hammer
and sickle symbols everywhere and a sexy poster of Lenin next to a
bunch of lockers and explain it away as some sort of futuristic
communist comeback special. The crew's clothes look as if they were
raided from a Oxfam collection box (sealed since 1993) and they are
armed to the teeth with latest in 20th century automatic weapons (with
added year 3000 zing when fired) which of course are absolutely no use
against vampires. Healthcare is a thing of the past (in the future) as
the simpering Professor not only has glasses but is in a wheelchair???
My god what happened to all that genetic engineering stuff.The professor is an interesting character as he is a direct rip off
from Alien Resurrection who had their own rag tag misfit crew with a
guy in a wheelchair (who oddly wasn't killed). Fans didn't take to Prof
as he appears scared in a lot of scenes If I were entombed in a
non-wheelchair access soviet ship pursued by bad acting vampires, and
everyone left me because I was such a whining wimp, I'd be scared too.During the UN-dramatic Mina chase scene the prof informs us (with
feeling) "this is disconcerting". The rest of his lines are also
disconcerting "bugger", and "We're all going to die" X 100, follows.Erika Eleniak appears as the Vice Captain (what happened to 1st
officers?) in what I thought would be the tired, standard issue, hard
nosed, no nonsense, "don't eye me up unless I tell you too", beat up 10
stuntman at one time super-babe, but this is a Z-flick so she basically
wears a tight low cut top and even tighter leather trousers. Coolio's
performance boosts the ham factor by 90% and is camper than a row of
tents but luckily for us he dies soon enough. Although he seems to keep
his heart on the right hand side of his body.After a lot of running up and down the same corridor, using clunky
soviet style controls, and sitting in soviet style locker rooms the
crew find themselves stranded as their own ship buggers off to find a
more interesting crew (probably). Why Dracula is even mentioned is
unknown as the main bad guy is called Orlock which is Space
Transylvanian for "crimes against fashion" as he dandies about in a big
puffy, frilly shirt and even bigger starched collar making Hammer
Horror Vampires look slick by comparison. Orlock stops to explain his
entire back story (off camera) to Erica Eleniak, but fails to kill her
in another rip-off twist from Alien Resurrection. His back story is
such a load of mince it's not worth repeating. As the budget can't
afford fight coordinators, special effects, original music, script (not
written by a chimpanzee) and even proper end titles (the first cast
list I saw, were same characters but completely different and Italian
names) the film begins to destroy whatever sanity you began with. The
crew luckily are able to fight back with the help of a ships computer
that contains obscure, millennium old references on how to kill
fictional creatures and some handy 20th century pool cues they find in
the ship recreation room (up yours "holodeck"). The ending is awful and
a little suspect, either they ran out of money or the ex-soviets
demanded their ship back. I walked into this film knowing it was bad
but oblivious as to how bad it really was.
			
Greetings from Lithuania.This is the first question that comes to head after watching this
"movie". You know, I saw a lot of bad movies in my life, but after watching this
one, i only had two questions: 1) Is this was just a parody (spoof) 2) How could people create such a thing!? If You never saw this "film", than you REALLY don't know what is a
REALLY bad "film". I mean BAD. The script - Are you kidding my? Acting
is so horrible that i thing "the actors" where just having fun in this
movie. I know, this is "B" movie, but come on?? Is this have to be a
reason to be such a garbage?? Oh! And what an ending!!! A must miss ending! Just when you thing that
this is the worst thing you have ever saw, wait until the ending -
because THAT kind of ending You have NEVER saw before (and I hope You
will never see). Awoid this "movie" at any cost, and don't say i didn't warn you...
			
Imagine the worst thing that could ever possibly be conceived by human
intellect. Now imagine something infinitely darker - I mean, worse,
than that. Then multiply that by the quantity of the suckiness
possessed by the Star Wars Holiday Special. This movie is by far worse
than that."Dracula 3000: Infinite Darkness", starring such illustrious and
reputable actors such as Coolio and Langley Kirkwood (as the film's
"horrifying antagonist", Count ORLOCK) is equatable to eating one's own
feces exclusively for one's entire life, condensed into approximately
one hour and twenty minutes. To be frank, there is no way to approach a
review of this cinematic tragedy - riddled with Communist propaganda,
promotion of drug use, futuristic anachronisms, and quite possibly the
worst special effects since the (original) "War of the Worlds".The hammer and the sickle of the Soviet Union can be seen proudly
displayed throughout the dingy sets they dare call a spaceship. Lenin
can be observed on several posters throughout the "film". And of
course, religion has been abolished for two centuries by then. So they
don't know who this "God" is, even though they have no reservations
about using His name in vain. But of course, in the Socialist Republic
of space (presided over by interstellar President Baker), death-stick
like drugs are legalized and quite common. Yet handicap mobility seems
even worse off than it is today (they don't even have a wheelchair
ramp).Racial tension still festers throughout the galaxy in quite a
familiar/predictable fashion. We receive great commentary on ethnic
division through lines such as "is Dracula a brotha?", "us brothas
gotta stick together", and "once you go black, you don't go back."
Speaking of the token black characters, one is played by Coolio.
Playing a stereotypical stoner, Coolio becomes possibly the most
annoying and ridiculous vampire ever. Oh wait, SECOND most ridiculous
vampire ever. That prized title goes to our friend COUNT ORLOCK, from
PLANET TRANSYLVANIA, in the CARPATHIAN SYSTEM. These two make quite a
pair, between Coolio's attempts to cripple a paraplegic, strange
attempts at making high-pitched animal noises, a hairstyle 1004 years
old, and GIGANTIC stretches of completely worthless dialogue; and Count
Orlock's twenty dollar generic Halloween-style vampire costume,
exploding coffins, or confusingly inane back story.One wonders if they did not simply give Coolio the opportunity to get
"as high as a kite in space without gravity", let him interact with the
other "actors", and just went from there.Count Orlock's motivations are also somewhat in question. Does he want
"infinite darkness", as the film's subtitle would have you believe?
Does he want to eat the crew? Or does he want *Coolio* to "kill them
all"? Or does he desire to give handicapped people a chance in such an
inhospitably future? It doesn't really matter, because none of this
film's plot makes sense anyways.The highlight of this movie has to be it's ending. More for the fact
that it means the movie is over than by any merit of the abrupt
trainwreck of a climax they phone in before the credits. Instead of
facing Count Orlock off in some sort of duel (the closest we get is a
shot of Orlock flailing around at breakneck speeds in front of our
protagonist, who dies shortly afterwards), our heroes beat him by
cutting off his arm in an ordinary door. Orlock then proceeds to
collapse, screeching in pain at a totally mundane yet understandably
painful injury. This is by far the most fun you'll get from this movie.
Watching a vampire's contorted face as he cries in pain will have you
on the edge of your seat - with laughter. Almost worth the four bucks
for that alone. Of course, right after that we're treated with one of
the film's worst one-liners, the mandatory allusion to sex, and perhaps
the most ABRUPT EXCUSE FOR AN ENDING *EVER*. They're driving into the
sun, and their ship literally just blows up before they even come
remotely close to impact. I think they just outdid the Wachowski bros.
for the worst finale ever.I can only sleep at night because we know that a sequel is impossible.
Secure in this fact, we can safely say that this is the WORST MOVIE
EVER CREATED, and one which will never be exceeded in low quality,
lower budget, and lower-est acting talent.
			
Oh dear Gods, this is awful. Stay away, just stay away. If you think
you've seen bad movies, think again. Never before has my brain hurt as
much as it did after I watched this movie. The acting, if it is allowed
to be called that, is enough to cause internal bleedings inside your
head. The story is so thin it is just barely there... no wait, scratch
that. There is not a complete story there, but once in a while, there
is a few thin lines that stick up from all the amount of horribleness,
and believe me, those few lines should have been shot. The best way to
enjoy this movie is to drop napalm on it, and watch the cozy fire from
a distance.Some may call me sarcastic in this review, but I am only trying to
spare some of you of a serious headache. However, should you be, what I
like to call, a visual masochist (like myself), please, go right ahead
and watch this monstrosity.
			
This has got to be the worst movie ever made. This is one of those
movies that you need to watch once in order to be able to say how bad
it was. I have seen some pretty bad stuff, but I really do think that
this takes the cake. The acting was atrocious, especially considering
that the director saw fit to cast Coolio. The camera work was horrible,
bouncy and shaky, and looked like a hand-held camera running down the
halls to symbolize Dracula. The ending is so abrupt and so random that
you are left staring at the screen waiting for someone to come out and
say that it was just a big joke. All in all, this is the worst way to
waste a couple of hours ever. Still, you need to watch this in order to
make other people watch it so that they can hate you for the rest of
their lives.
			
Let's look at what we have here guys! We may all be doing Roodt's
spaced-out vampire epic a disservice! Like where else you ever gonna see a girl strapped to a lounge offering
her captor the opportunity to check "every square inch of her body" for
a bite-mark. Peter Cushing never got that lucky!What's the chance of ever hearing that immortal line "I wanna ejaculate
all over your bazonkas" uttered again in a thousand years or viewing? Who can ever again hope to experience the thrill of the chase,
supposedly in a galaxy far far away - but looking like it was filmed in
the boiler room of some retired battleship from World War 2?And then, the spectacle of Udo Kier in his twilight years having
inordinate difficulty reading off his own cue cards? You're talking
movie magic here! But I digress, Dracula 3000 (It was meant to be $3.00 btw) leaves every
other horror film pretender floundering in its wake when it comes to
endings - it achieves the unattainable - there IS NO ENDING! Humvee doesn't get to have sex with his re-programmed pleasure robot.
No one ever reaches the twin-sun. Dracula isn't staked by Van Helsing's
great great grandson....he ISN'T even Dracula....just a fashion-wimp
sobbing his guts out on the floor because his arm happens to fall off! Yes my friends, you have all missed the greatness here - a film bigger
than life itself. A movie event so bad, so trivial and so irredeemably
embarrassing - its like may never be seen again.Casper Van Dien RIP
			
...and that's a goddamn shame! Please make the sun rise and have it
incinerate all copies of Dracula 3000. This must be the WORST
vampire-flick of the new millennium so far (I haven't seen REIGN IN
DARKNESS yet, but they don't get much worse than this). Don't be fooled
be the movie's cool H.R. Gigeresque cover. This is so bad, it's almost
hilarious. I can't describe all the emotions this movie conjured. I
laughed my ass off, I yelled at the screen, I sat there numb, nodding
my head in disbelief,... This film has 'cheap & cheese' written all
over it. The best thing of this movie are the opening-credits and the
opening-shots which feature more or less okay CGI of two space-ships.
But when Casper Van Dien's voice-over comes on, you start smelling
something fishy. And, indeed, it all goes downhill rapidly after that.The crew of a salvage-spaceship finds an abandoned vessel, the Demeter,
which seems to be heading for earth. They enter it, thus sealing their
fate. This movie is, above all things, a shameless low-budget
ALIEN-rip-off, mixed with vampires. Right down to the plot-twist were
Erika Eleniak's character, Aurora, reveals she's a robot. Coolio goes
badly over-the-top as the dope-smoking, bloodsucking 187 (pffff, code
from the hood as a name?!?!). Casper Van Dien's character's named Capt.
Van Helsing (hahaha!) and he looks like...,er well, Casper Van Dien.
Udo Kier as Capt. Varna, former commander of the Demeter, is only shown
on a monitor-screen and he really does seem to have trouble reading his
lines from an auto-cue (poor Udo, what where you doing in this flick?).
And then we have Langley Kirkwood as count Orlock, one of the most
pathetic and laughable Dracula's ever to (dis)grace the silver screen.
Just look at his outfit. Instead of some cool-looking futuristic black
suit or something, he's wearing a cheap old-school Halloween-suit with
fringes. You thought Richard Roxburgh was unconvincing as Dracula in
VAN HELSING? Then wait until you see Langley's performance!The set-designers went overboard on this one. The interior of the
Demeter looks like a cross between an oil-tanker and an old
steel-factory, which they decorated with awful lights and colors like
green, pink, blue and yellow. The prop-master must have forgotten that
this movie takes place in the year 3000, because the characters use
guns which look like today's .45 magnums and "Prof" uses a
non-motorized, non-floating wheelchair. It has to be pushed around in
order to move.Aside from one dried-up corpse, a few impalements and one dismemberment
there's absolutely no gore. And the vampire-fangs and contact-lenses
look fake as hell. Add to that also the most lame, stupid and abrupt
ending ever: Humvee and Aurora are the only survivors. Instead of
having one final (bloody) showdown with count Orlock, they lock
themselves in the control-room. Then Aurora explains that before her
program was upgraded and joining narcotics, she used to be a "Protheus
3.2 PB", in other words: a pleasure-bot. So she says "Well then, what
are you waiting for". Humvee answers "Ain't gotta tell me twice. Come
on, girl", picks her up and... "BOOOOOOM!!!" the ship explodes and
credits roll. No sex-scene, no Erika flashin' her boobies, no bloody
climax,... Just one more shot of Udo Kier reading a line on the monitor
and it's over.So, this movie is a must-see for every bad-movie-lover, but I must warn
them: It gets really painful at times. And everyone claiming that VAN
HELSING, UNDERWORLD or even QUEEN OF THE DAMNED is the worst
vampire-movie of the new millennium clearly is insane, or just hasn't
seen Dracula 3000 yet.
			
Hmmm! is it worst film ever? well sort of, for some of the cast its a
shame to see them in such a film but hey if it pays the bills why not,
as for the film well. OK cg effects not to bad for such a cheap film
,music is just about OK again for a cheap film, end credits are OK lolBAD to many to list but, cast, acting, sets, script, ending..what the
hell ,Drac..........worst Drac EVER!, many more but can not be bothered
to put them all down.Idea was OK but needed ten times the budget and more thought and much
better lighting and style and change all bad points, i do say however
to see this film so you to can say"What the FU%$ was that all about"as
the credits run.Also its kind of a must see just to see how bad it is.
			
What can I truly say about this film that is positive? Well, not much
really. I mean, other than they had a few "big" names in the film. I
really don't know why this movie was made, other than some people were
bored one day and said, "hey, lets make a movie, but a vampire version
of the Friday the 13th franchise, in space." When you can see the
sticker with a bar code on it, on one of the props, someone clearly
wasn't paying attention. Coolio had an AWFUL performance, it seemed
like he was on crack during his scenes. The Captain and Hum V were the
only ones who even remotely did well. This movie was cheesy, boring,
and not very well put together. Story made no sense at all, and yes, it
was another waste of my time. The only think col about this film was
the poster, period.
			
What troubles me the most is that there are some people who trusted a
crew and equipment to this guy.. is it Darrel? And why they didn't kill
him during the preview? Coolio did not save the movie, neither did
Casper Van Dean and not even Udo Kier. Nobody could save it, because
literally nobody was directing.. But.. Perhaps there can be only one reason for making this ..
product..?I think they made a movie to show students - how the horror movie
should NOT be. And since they spent some money and wanted it back, they
made a H.R.GIGEResque poster, wrapped and released this piece. And they
just got away with it..
			
After watching this movie, I can only say that cinema is truly truly
dead. In the year 3000, a space salvage crew comes upon an abandoned
space ship and accidentally revive Dracula. The shorter the
explanation, the better.Letting mentally challenged children do a cold read of the script
would've given a better performance that the actors in this movie. I
recognize Coolio, Erika Eleniak and Tommy Lister in the cast; I don't
know anyone else and can only assume that they are one-shot actors. I
would imagine the entire cast being tossed out of the screen actors'
guild for their performances.The first ten minutes of this film was something out of the Exposition
Handbook. It consisted of ten minutes of the captain's log, telling us
who the crewmembers. I guess the writer never learned... well...
anything about storytelling.About the only thing I found remotely amusing about this film was Erika
Eleniak's man-hands. They're huge! Like flesh-colored oven mitts.
			
Many years ago my boyfriend and I rented this movie from the Video
Store. We like Sci-Fi and we like vampire movies so we expected an
evening with nice entertainment. Well we did get entertained but not in
the way we had hoped!We were totally flabbergasted by the whole experience. Everything about
this movie is so extremely bad, we just kept watching it until the end
looking for something that wasn't so bad. Guess what? We did not find
it..The story could have been interesting but it was just lame and boring.
The acting was bad. Most amateurs would have done a better job at it.
The set, the costumes and the the make-up were so amazingly cheap. The
same goes for cam-work, sound, light and "special effects".I wouldn't be surprised if this was a study project from some
first-year students in Film School.All in all we did laugh a lot although I don't think this movie was
intended as a comedy. Besides the fun was about "this joke of a movie"
not what the movie had to tell...After all these years it is still the worst movie I ever saw!
			
In the year 3000, a salvage ship full of actors who will do anything
for a free lunch finds a derelict spaceship that's been missing for 100
years. They board it and, guess what, they find Dracula. Meanwhile, the
viewers find their remotes. Complete and total garbage that has some
camp value for Coolio's ridiculous performance. Words escape me. You'll
just have to watch to see this fool carry on. Tommy "Tiny" Lister is
slightly more subdued but he's also playing a totally unlikable, vile
character. For those hoping to at least see Erika Eleniak in some state
of undress to make this piece of excrement worthwhile, forget it. The
most you get are some cleavage shots and even then nothing gratuitous.
Casper Van Dien, no stranger to Z-grade trash, gives probably the only
ordinary performance in the movie. Everybody else is either under or
overacting.One last thing: Darrell Roodt, a white South African man, directed
this. Think about that as you watch and see the only two black
characters in the movie play up to every negative stereotype of black
men I've ever heard. Mr. Roodt has done at least a couple of movies
with positive black characters, particularly women. So you would think
he would try harder to avoid the ugliness on display here from Coolio
and Tiny Lister.
			
Okay so i rented this movie ages ago and figured i would watch it
without casting any judgment.No one i know ,had seen it. Big error on
my part ,as i soon learned. We were introduced to some promising
characters and concepts ,dracula in space ,coffins filled with dust
,and a rather eclectic crew . I was happy to see some familiar faces
among the crew members and figured i'd let it keep playing on and sadly
i must report my massive disappointment ! This film was no less cheesy
or badly created than Ed Wood's monster flop Plan Nine From Outer Space
It was terrible ,total BS ,and with each second i laughed at the film
,not with it , i realized it must have been created by someone lacking
any intelligence what so ever .Coolio was a cast member i was happy to
watch ,as i had grown up with some of his music and thought he was an
interesting choice,how wrong i was again? If anything a monkey could've
done the job more impressively . This truly is a F grade film ,as i
have seen better student films created in ten minutes than this pile of
dung .This concept is not original either .Horror in a science fiction
realm ? Does no one remember? Jason Voorhies or Leprechaun heading for
the wide world beyond our universe? Those movies ,although funny, were
also terrible ,yet someone still made this film ? For anyone
considering watching this film ,i suggest getting your finger and
poking yourself in the eye for about 90minutes ,it'd be more enjoyable.
			
Considering the fact that this movie deals with Dracula in outer space
is a major letdown. The movie starts with Captain Abraham Van helsing
telling us about his crew there's the Blonde robot chick who makes no
sense, a not so smart professor, a navigator, a tall black man named
Humvee( his dad must be called SUV) and a man named 187 who apparently
used to be super smart until he became addicted to drugs. The special
affects look like they were made on a computer used by babies. This
movie deals with Dracula who is played by English actor Langley
Kirkwood, he looks extremely dumb with his face painted white and a
long black coat with the collar up to add dramatic affect. At one point
in the movie when Coolio(187) is turned into a vampire he referes to
him as 'master'. At one point Langley Kirkwood(Orlock) gets his armed
taken off by a door and screams like a girl. There are lots of plot
holes in the movie i.e trying to fly towards the sun to kill Orlock,
aside from the fact there are no windows on the ship to let light get
in. The ending is the worst bit, Udo Kier has given his last speech
about the ship coliding with the sun, meanwhile Humvee and Robo blonde
make love in the back room. Then out of the blue the ship crashes with
the sun, cue end credits. My rating 1/10 awful!
			
This is a shocker, low budget crap. Even your local High School could
be a better job. It looks like, they hired out a engineering plant for
the day and believe its inside a space craft. It looks like a
engineering plant to me. There is no sex, no boobs, just a group of
imbeciles running around a engineering plant. When Dracula shows up, i
wasn't sure if i should burst out into tears or laughter. He look like
a fairy, than a savage killer. I would be scare of a one legged chicken
than the Dracula appearing in this movie. Even the space craft look
like models, and i bet they was. The cast and the acting, what acting,
there was none at all. To be honest, i fast forward half of this movie,
in-case i miss anything. I never miss anything, and couldn't bother
watching this trash.I would advise anyone to watch a snail moving along a path-foot, than
this low budget stupid, and highly poorly put together trash.I heard some other readers have stated they like this movie and even
given this movie a 10 out of 10. I think these people seriously need
professional help, or are blind.
			
As a fan of god-awful horror movies, I have to say that this is one of
the best ever. If you're also a fan of the genre, then watch this with
a group of like-minded people, because it should provide plenty of
laughs.I can spoil most of the plot, because it really has to be seen to be
fully appreciated. I give you spoilers to try to provide you with
incentive to see the movie, as they did for me. But where to start?
Well, I think a plot synopsis is largely unnecessary, so let's get
straight to the "highlights". The cast is awful, and the production
clearly has a budget of almost nothing. The D grade acting skills are
not stretched by the absolutely horrific script. (Coolio perhaps stands
as the best example of a bad acting/bad lines combo in this movie.
Happily, he's one of the first to die, but unfortunately that doesn't
mean he's out of the picture.) I continually got the distinct
impression that the screenplay was originally written as a porn and
then cleaned up to make a "legitimate" movie. Whether that's true is
irrelevant, because that's how it comes across, and it adds a
certain... "something" to the film's character.But that's only the foundation of the crap heap. This generation's Van
Helsing is the most incompetent ever, and is one of (if not the) first
people to die. "Dracula" himself is about intimidating as a wet rag.
(You might not want to touch it, because you don't know where it's
been, but it doesn't keep you up at night.) Accordingly, a door
succeeds where Van Helsing fails. Dracula continually emphasizes how
he's starving to undeath and is desperate for some fresh blood, having
been isolated without prey for centuries upon centuries, and yet every
time we check in on him, he's back in his coffin. Apparently the hunger
has fatigued him so greatly that he has to lie down for frequent naps.
Even better, he never emerges from the coffin until one of his vampire
minions has been killed -- and each and every time, he emerges via
exploding coffin lid. That coffin must explode at least three times.The buxom blonde character turns out, much to the audience's surprise,
to be a revamped "pleasure bot". They wait until the end to exploit
this past. And what an ending! Tiny's character hoists her over his
shoulder, smacks her on the ass, and carries her off for one final romp
as their ship hurtles into the sun. Kaboom!
			
OK, this is by far the worst movie ever. I've rent it the other day and
I almost saw the whole movie x4 speed from the middle of the film and
after. There is nothing to make you interested in the movie. The
characters suck, the scenario sucks, the costumes suck and the movie
finale sucks even more. I can't understand how a man can make out a
story like that, and actually get people to fund him in order to shoot
the film. The only good thing about the movie is that I found out what
the bottom is regarding the quality of the movies I've seen. I will
remember a lot good movies, but this I'll remember as the worst movie
ever. Forever.
			
Even though I'd be lying if I said I have seen every bad movie ever
made, I have no trouble whatsoever crowning this one as the king of its
kind. After seeing someone refer to this movie, in order to describe
just how bad the movie 'Bloodsuckers' was, I decided this was a movie I
had to see. That and I couldn't actually imagine there being anything
of a 'sequel' to the movie 'Dracula 2000', which was so bad that I
cringed most, if not all, of my way through. Whether it's some strange
form of masochism, that I not only force myself to watch these bad
movies, but force myself to watch them all the way through, I'll never
fully comprehend. Nor do I think I want to.At the beginning of this fantastic roller-coaster ride of complete and
utter w@nk, the 'captain' of the crew of 'misfits', played by Casper
van Dien, gives a short introduction of his crew. Some of the things
said here made me chuckle a little and for a moment I thought I was
safe and that it wouldn't be all bad, but laughs as well. That it'd be
the funny type of bad, ala 'Jason-X'. Wow, was I wrong. Unless the
sudden explosion of the ship at the end of the movie is amusing to you,
the only other source of entertainment concerning this movie will be
reading any of the other user comments left here on IMDb.There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said; supposedly
this takes place around the year 3000, yet nothing looks (or feels)
futuristic in or about (anything in) this movie. The wardrobe is
horrible even for current times, the weaponry looks suspiciously much
like that of now (yes, this is sarcasm) and not only is 'Count Orlock'
-as Dracula seems to go by in this movie- played by the most ridiculous
excuse for an actor I've ever seen, he spends most of his time running
about in slow motion and in lag-like imagery, while dressed like a
fool. Coolio's performance after being bitten takes a drastic turn for
the worst as he plays the most ridiculous vampire I've ever seen in a
movie that was supposed to be taken seriously. I think that's what they
meant for this movie anyway. And Erika Eleniak was one of my favorite
babes.. Back in the eighties, when she wasn't nearly forty. And Udo
Kier, one of my all time favorite actors, who managed even to make
'Bloodrayne' watchable and worth the torment for me looks and sounds
like he's having trouble reading the cue cards..I'm very much against the idolization of /Uwe Boll/, but after seeing
this, I have to say that there are staggering depths to which even /he/
is a stranger.Someone really ought to show the director and everyone else responsible
for this 'epic' piece of film just how the public has taken it by
perhaps having them read some of the comments here. Perhaps they'd
understand and apologize for all of it. Though /I/ won't be satisfied
with anything but an act of 'Seppuku' from those responsible.
			
This movie sucks. I am a BIG fan of Dracula/vampire movies, and I am
very diverse on my liking of the director's portrayal of them. But this
movie barely had anything to do with Dracula. It was an awful movie.
that had NO PLOT LINE WHATSOEVER. Don't waste your time renting or
viewing this movie, it is horrible. And Not in the Good vampire way.
This movie started out good, then it was like the director (did they
even have one?????) threw the rest together so he could go home and
sleep. -5 stars. Why om earth would ANYONE make this movie? I want to
talk with the director cause he needs a few directing classes. Or
better yet the Screenplay writer. Yuck. People, take my advice, steer
clear of this movie and of any other movies these people involved in it
makes. (cept the actors they were fantastic!!!) The Actors were the
ONLY relief from this movie's downfall. Although it came and fell hard.
Overall, This movie sucks.
			
First let me say I have a high tolerance for dumb and cheesy sci-fi
(Species 3, Face-Off, Dracula 2000, Starship Troopers, Signs, etc.) and
I knew if you mix "Dracula" with outer space adventures... um... lets
say I knew, before ever watching it, that it wouldn't win an Oscar.
That said... This is the worst movie ever... and I have seen Torque AND
Ultra Violet!! The characters are weak and stereotypical. Everyone is a
dumbass making sub-pathetic attempts at humor. The "plot" development
was boring as hell, and I was personally insulted at how ignorant
Coolio and Tiny Lister were! I cant believe that in the year 3 damn
thousand, black people would still act so... UPN Sitcom style,
ghetto-jackass, with nothing to do besides harass white people w/ the
inherent ghettoness and ignorance that apparently must run through our
veins. and it looks like they made all of the props with paper mache!!
I'm glad i didn't pay to see it. If I did, I would have put a pencil
through my heart out of pure frustration and anger at the ridiculous
waste of time and energy this movie took. How do these things get
financed?! I hated this movie... should've donated this money to
homeless kids or orphans or something.
			
WARNING: I just want you all to know that as I am writing this, I am
laughing my ass off. This is absolutely, positively, undoubtedly,
unthinkably, undeniably,....I'm...running out of words..ly...the single
worst movie I have EVER seen!!! Oh man, I've seen a lot of bad movies
in my 22 years on this planet but never one like this. What a cheap
excuse of a movie! What a piece of crap! Possibly the lamest looking
Dracual in Crappy Vampire movie movie history! He reminded me of Jimmy
Kimmel dressed in a bad Dracula disguise chasing Coolio around. That's
not a joke. Coolio's actually in the movie. If you thought "Starship
Troopers" ended like they ran out of money, check out the ending to
this movie. Or not.
			
This is perhaps one of if not the worst movies I've ever seen. No
suspense, no character development, the worse acting to ever grace a
screen. This movie was not scary in the least.I really can't say much about this dreadful film. I think the plot was
a rip-off of Alien but deals with a vampire in space. I've never fallen
asleep watching any movie for the first time, but this one was so
boring and awful that I can't say much else. It's a good thing I saw it
on TV for free. I know they had to edit for television, but even if
this had been unedited it would've been bad.For anybody who was tricked into paying to see this movie, I truly am
sorry you had to witness this crap. Oh the horror!!!!
			
I saw this on the scifi channel, getting suckered in by a vampire story
in outer space in the future. The "space ship" appears to be the inside
of some abandoned factory. Coolio is a poor acting version of every
black stereotype - constantly looking for drugs. And when Coolio
becomes a vampire, the "n-word" just really explodes out of him. The
ending is the dumbest ending I have ever seen in any movie in my entire
life - SPOILER - after Aurora and Humvee have killed? Dracula (by
cutting off his hand in a doorway?), their ship is heading for certain
destruction in a sun in 2 hours. But don't worry, all is happy, because
it turns out that she was once a "pleasure bot" (robot designed to
pleasure men) before her upgrade to spy bot, so he picks her up over
his shoulder and walks out the door! The combination of plot stupidity,
poor acting, stupid dialog, horrible set design, inability to convince
you the crew is in space, inability to convince you that Dracula is on
the space ship (only Dracula movie where Dracula NEVER changes into a
bat), horribly bad stereotyping, and utterly out-of-nowhere ending is
why I think this is the absolute dumbest movie ever made.
			
That movie Dracula 3000 is whack! No good. *Thumb down*!! The plot does
not make sense. It is totally off the point. Why the hell did director
and the crews made that movie for?? LOL (laughing). It is a silly movie
that does not fit the story about Dracula in space. At the end, it is
so pointless. That is all what movie is playing with those characters?
Why did director put high profile movie stars such as Casper Van Dien,
Erika Eleniek, Coolio and Tommy Lister, Jr for? These characters were
supposed to play by other movie stars that is low profile. But Casper,
Erika, Tommy and Coolio played there??? (laughing)....does not make
sense. I am telling you this movie is....w h a c k! My god.....
			
It's difficult to put into words how horrible this film really is. This
was obviously put together on a shoestring budget very quickly to sell
as a cable-filler, direct-to-video hit and run sale to make quick buck
off a concept that some idiots (like me) would rent based on the title. Does this sound familiar? A rag-tag group of misfits dressed in
mercenary commando outfits run around a factory that's supposed to be
the interior of a spaceship fighting an alien intruder. Alien much? Oh,
wait. Lets make it Dracula instead of an alien. How do we know it's
Dracula? He wears a white shirt and a black cape with a clownishly big
collar. Also he is painted in white face with bright red lipstick and
goofy over-sized fangs. If they had cast anyone else, maybe someone who
didn't have the fright value of a yuppie accountant, there may have
been something to this. I mean, I laughed out loud at his first
appearance. I've seen better vampires at the local Haunted House on
Holloween. Much better.Think porno film without sex and you get the idea. Non talent on
parade. The "Filmmakers" are unable to make this attempt at camp even
the slightest bit entertaining. Here's a spoiler - You will be bored
out of your skull. Nothing original. It rips off other movie dialog and
situations, but doesn't even do that well. This is the worst piece of
tripe I've ever seen. Horrible directing, cinematography, acting,
production design, and execution. The people who made this should be
ashamed.Don't waste your time. This movie really sucks.
			
Never heard of this film before starting it on TMC on demand. Had I
seen the reviews, I may have never had the opportunity to see what I
will call, the worst film I have ever seen, including Troll 2. Dracula
3000 makes that bearable. This is my first IMDb review. I was compelled review this, even with my
busy schedule, to warn people of the complete waste of however many
minutes this film is, their life could be spent doing something better,
like sucking boils from a homeless man's butt hole, for charity. 1 minute into the title sequence, I knew I was in trouble. It was a
close up of what I could only guess was a blob of blood? For the entire
sequence. My finger was poised on the remote for shutting it down in
anticipation of B movie squalor. That is an insult to B movies!then I saw Erika Elaniak's name in the credits. I went to school with
her so I decided I would watch a little to see how she was holding up.
I also saw Casper Van Dien's name. His career hasn't been Pacino's but
he has worked a bit. Can't be too bad, right? WRONG! Film schools should show this as an example of how not to make a film.
I am a bit of an amateur film maker myself. I made a short, (awhile
ago) written, shot, edited by and starring myself (and my mother's
dog), but my 9 minutes short, shot while training myself how to use
Sony Vegas editing software, for that sole purpose, was superior in
many ways. I am not tooting my horn. I am really wondering how in the
world something with a budget, albeit probably small, could be as bad
as Dracula 3000! But I digressAgain, there are many bad points from
the average movie goer standpoint but from a "filmmaker's" standpoint,
it's probably worse. I will point out a few.The Set: This was either an abandoned Russian oil refinery or ship. The
sea kind of ship, not the space kind. This was a film set in the range
of years 2050ish to 3000. Interestingly, there was no effort made to
hide this fact. Maybe the production/set designer had to take the day
off for his kids little league game and they didn't want to lose their
$200 deposit for the location?Acting: YeahI have seen 10 year old kids on YouTube make better films
with better acting. Enough said there. Coolio SHOULD NEVER try to act.
EVER! I won't even mention the other actors. I am surprised, Casper or
Erika didn't just walk off the set early in the production for the sake
of their pride, if not their 'career'. There's no way someone working
on this could have possibly had illusions that this was going to be a
decent film. I would have to blame the director. I have seen films
where some of THIS cast was better. Not A-List good but better than
this. Maybe the director was smoking some of Coolio's pot (which was
one of the many poorly thought out, plot points of this film)?Sound design: Most people don't think of sound design. It's usually so
well done, people who are not "in the know" don't even know someone
spends countless hours creating Foley, sound effects,mixing and
perfecting audio, etc. Anytime someone in this film runs,there is the
sound of what literally I believe to be the sound effects from Donkey
Kong, when Mario is running across the metal beams. If there was sound
design (i was blissfully asleep by the end credits), I think they took
a large pipe wrench and banged it against one of the large steel pipes
in the space ship/factory/oil rig they were filming in and used one
strike of the pipe as a footfall for the "actors" running across the
steel floors.Screenplay: OMG! The dialog was terrible, racist, sexist,
stereotypical, offensively bad. No thought what-so-ever was put into
characters. They just went, "we cast a black guy so he will want to
f*ck white woman and use dirty language and be disrespectful of
whitey!", was their character development strategy. Costume: If you lookup "cheap Dracula costume", you will indeed find a
better version of the costume than was used on 'Dracula' in this film.
I swear! I did it myself. A large black cape, with a HUGE standing
collar, probably twice the size of Bela Lugosi's and even Leslie
Nielson's in Dracula: Dead and Loving It, and a white shirt that looked
like it came from the thrift store used Tux section.I posted in groups on Facebook about how bad this film is: Someone
asked me if it was worse than Terror At Blood Fart Lake. YES! Without a
doubt. Blood Fart Lake deserves an Oscar vs. this!The only good that has come out of this film is the hilarious reviews
and I wanted to be part of history in reviewing the worst film ever
made. My 15 minutes?I could go on but I will leave you with this. As far as I know, this IS
THE WORST film ever made. I haven't seen every film but I have seen a
lot and many bad ones. Films like the aforementioned Horror At Blood
Fart Lake was actually funny and meant to be. Zombie Ass: The Toilet Of
The Dead -was a terribly stupid and ridiculous film but funny and meant
to be. Dracula 3000 is actually meant to be serious, has zero redeeming
qualities and is not funny.
			
This film was so bad, I had to fast forward through it, hoping Erika
would at least get naked. The script writers were so intellectually
lazy that it was hard to stand. I like well crafted Dracula movies or
even ghost ship vice treasure hunter ones, but this should not even
count as being in that genre. Nothing is believable, including the
opening where a bunch of guys just sit on their asses while the intern
goes on the ship alone. Don't get me started on why using an old
warehouse should make us think it is a spaceship or why in the year
3000, guys are still using 20th century 9mm pistols and the professor
is in a wheelchair. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
			
I would kinda like to know what happened with the making of this movie
with commentary or a behind the scenes extra. Its an interesting
premise, but it misses the mark of watchable TV so badly it becomes a
peculiar achievement. What went so wrong? How could this be made?
Budget too low? Only had one hour? I have never, ever seen anything
this bad. I love the genre, so I've seen bad and automatically cut the
films some slack. Its exhilarating when I see a good one which this one
is NOT. I hope its not a spoiler to warn you that this will be the
worst movie you will ever see. Its really not even funny from that
perspective. Its just really kinda sad.
			
I can honestly say that I would have gained more satisfaction from
seeing the $2 I used to purchase this bit of cinematic filth ripped to
pieces, set on fire, and then extinguished by the urine of an odorous
homeless man than I did from this abomination of nature. The moment I
put it in my DVD player, my corneas spontaneously combusted and profuse
amounts of blood and what I assume to be cranial fluid seeped from my
eye sockets. The director can expect a hefty medical bill sent his way
as well as a law suit for compensation on account of my emotional
distress caused by the viewing of this "movie." I am now blind and have
to rely on a machine that prints web pages out in braille to write this
review for you, dear future-viewers. Do you know how much paper I've
wasted simply to navigate this web page? I'm certain that I am now
personally responsible for 60% of deforestation in the tropical rain
forests. Please save yourselves!
			
Dracula 3000 (dir. Darrell Roodt) Clearly they should have canned the
film, and released the Gag Reel, or maybe they did. However, one very
intriguing concept and possible plot-line was the blond robot
character. She claims to be some kind of 'cosmic DEA' agent, yet before
she 'upgraded', she was a robotic prostitute. There is a subject for a movie!!! The journey of a poor mechanical 'lady of the night', who betters her
station to become a Crusader in The Intergalactic War on Drugs. The
year is 2998, and it is felt that a secret agent (with experience in
the sex industry) is needed to keep tabs on a reclamation vehicle
heading for deep space. Were the authorities worried about drug use
among 'sky pilots', or did they guess that their destination was a
clandestine visit to a poppy field in the heavens? Inquiring minds want
to know! Since Darrell Roodt, the director, makes so many diverse
films, this might be a theme which he would deem worthy of developing.
And, I'm sure that it couldn't possibly turn out as bad as Dracula
3000.
			
Dracula 3000 is probably the worst idea anyone has ever thought of.
This movie makes films like Operation Dumbo Drop look like Lawrence of
Arabia. The acting in this movie makes Hayden Christiansen's acting in
Star Wars Episodes II & III looking like Marlon Brando's in The
Godfather. The only redeeming feature of this movie is that if you love
to spend two whole hours making ripping a movie you'll have no trouble
here. The flip side is, of course, that you may suffer severe internal
damage to organs and bodily functions from the watching. If for some
sick perverted reason you find this movie at all entertaining I
recommend 2 things. 1) Call a Psychiatrist and 2) Rent Shark Attack 3:
Megalodon.
			
I'm not sure who, but someone involved in this production-o-crap' needs
to give me my 3 bucks back, and now that I think of it, I also want to
be reimbursed for the beer I threw against the wall at the end of this
............this......thing. I'm not blaming it on the actors, they
seem to realize this is really, really going to be a crappy 90 minutes
they spend in front of you. I'm almost positive the captain (Starship
Troopers, "Rico") tries to warn us by emphasizing his consonants in
such a manner, that if you can play your DVD backwards it says
something like :"Save - yourself - from - this - crap! - Pour - bleach - into - your -
eyes!"Apparently, there is a whole planet of vampires in the future, but us
earthlings despite having mastered intergalactic travel still rely on
MP-5s and 9mm firearms as our main source of protection. In space. With
DEBO. Really, that isn't a joke, DEBO from the movie "Friday" is in
space, and he has to fight vampires. There is a robot/android that passes as human on the crew also, and
that info could not be more worthless or irrelevant to the plot. It
does nothing but try to make this seem "futuristic", and take up time
you could have spent google searching girls gone wild.The ending is.......nowhere to be found. I really think the writer said
to himself "man, this sucks, I need to stop before I defy the laws of
the universe by making a script so bad it actually implodes the space
time continuim". The credits role, everyone dies and DEBO implies that
he will be making sweet DEBO love to the android who apparently used to
be a sex-bot before he blows the ship up, thereby killing Dracula, who
by the way, isn't really Dracula, just an alien in a salvation army
priced disco suit.Skip it folks, it ain't campy, it ain't so bad it's good, it's just
bad. If you have seen it already, my sympathies. Feel free to join me
in my quest for a refund.
			
I watched this movie on the Sci-Fi station, who the hell wrote this
piece of crap.. You have a planet called Transilvania, lame.. Nobody
knew what a Vampire is until the smart guy in the wheel chair looks it
up on the computer..The Captin whose name happens to be Van Helsing,
lasts long enough to tell the vampire that he is a Van Helsing, The
vampire response that he has been waiting for him and thats it, the
next seen Van Helsing is a vampire and he gets a pool cue shoved
through his back, The worst vampire movie I have ever seen, do not
waste you time on this. There is no gore, no violence, very little
blood, no sex, no nudity.. and they still use pistols and guns in the
year 3000..
			
Usually I don't provide bad comments about films, I usually find the
good parts and compliment them as I consider most films not bad, just
some better than others =)But this here, is the exception. Dracula 3000 was probably the tackiest
movie I've seen for a long time...I think the front cover of the DVD was a lot more impressive than the
movie itself.. and perhaps a certain blonde character's physique =DThe movie could have been a tad longer, had more depth to the
"Transition" stage of vampires rather than just having the movie jump
quickly between events.Many parts were too predictable, the sets were unrealistic and
"Dracula" looked more like a drag queen!
			
This move was simply horrible. Poor acting, horrendous dialogue,
unbelievable and comical story. This is the typical Lion Gate film,
pure garbage. I have seen a number of films released by them (most
without knowing it was their film). Each time I was wondering how they
could put out some garbage. A high school could produce a better film
than what they release.Do yourself a favour. While at the local movie rental store check to
see if it is a Lions Gate film. It is the quickest way to save yourself
some money and some time out of your day. Simply pass on the film.
Awful.
			
What a fantastic concept ruined by terrible dialog, horrible acting &
lame humor; Not to mention the ending or lack of.This one time I was running from the police & I tore my nut sack open.
I had more fun & pleasure then, laying on the ground with my balls
hanging out of my stretched flesh sack than I did watching this jumped
up bit of excrement. I would much rather cup my own vomit in my hand
and watch it after I have thrown it on the television.After the first 5 minutes I was pleading for someone to beat me over
the head with a blunt object. I would much rather tell people my father
touches me rather than let people know I watched this film.Props to the DVD cover graphic designers who sucked me into thinking
this film was worth watching. I give it minus 20 stars and by that I mean i wish they came out of the
TV and stabbed ME with a broken pool cue.
			
This is, as most of the other comments have displayed, one of the worst
movies ever. Horrible acting, lousy script. Combine starship troopers
with alien, and you've got Dracula 3000. To be honest though, after
watching the movie, all I can do is thank God for cellular phones. If
it hadn't been for a hot chick sending me sleazy text messages, I would
have used my phone to poke my eyes out. If you are bored, and you need
to kill some time, go nail your nuts to a plank before watching this.
Should you disregard this warning, I strongly recommend you bring one
of two items. 1: A spoon, to surgically remove your eyeballs with the
oval end, and pop your ears with the long part. 2: A gun, to simply
just end the terrible torture you have just started on your
TV/computer/whatever. PS: If you're watching it on a computer, I think
you'll have to disable your virus program, and this movie most likely
will be classified as one.
			
Dracula 3000 takes place on an abandoned space ship lost in space 50
years ago. Right away you can tell the movie is cheaply made just by
looking at the effects and lighting of the captain's log. A small ship,
Mother III, and its crew of six,including a: druggie, robot, teenage
girl, muscle, and a descendant of Vanhelsing himself, find the vessel
floating in the middle of no where and decide to have a look. After a
few cheap scares and a small explanation of the crew's different
personality's it gets down to business. As it turns out Dracula is on
board, and had hired the ship 50 years ago to transport a cargo of, you
guessed it, coffins, from his home world Transilvania. Apparently
vampires are aliens, Vamperella much? Dracula has dropped a few rungs
on the fashion latter since 2000, returning to a more 1700's look.
Throughout the entire movie there is only a total of five vampires,
very disappointing for a room filled with coffins if you ask me. Only
three of which actually did anything, and by anything i mean jump
around like an idiot and hiss. The movie comes to an abrupt ending with
the two remaining survivors getting it on, and the entire ship suddenly
exploding for no apparent reason. So if you happen to see this movie
don't be fooled by its cover, it was a complete waste of time and money
and every last copy should be hunted down and burned so no one ever has
to have the misfortune of watching this movie again.
			
the acting is atrocious. especially Dracula. he looks like the Dracula
on the cover of those cheap Halloween makeup kits u get at
Walgreen's's. awful. i thought Dracula dead and loving was the worst.
OG...just thinking of that film makes me wanna vomit. anyway, the
script, lighting, props, hell everything was horrible. anybody with a
video cam could have done much better. i ordered this crap from my
cable service too. damn the jokes were not funny. the only good thing
was Erika Eleniak. She is so hot! there was a lot of racial
stereotyping and to top it all off, before the brother who did survive
got to have sex with Erika, the ship blew up. LMAOOOOp.s. Coolio should never be allowed to be in a movie in the free world.
			
First of all can anyone say "ejector seat ending" ? I would have loved
to have been in the script meeting when they were working this one out.
I can see it now: Pleb 1: Right so we've killed of the hero without so
much as a whimper and made an hour or so's back story completely
pointless, we've semi-defeated the immortal super strong, cat like,
prince of darkness by trapping his arm in a door and just discovered
that the robotic heroine prostitute CAN have sex with the most odious
man on the ship, what do we do now lads? Pleb 2: A gratuitous love
scene with plenty of breasts? Pleb 3: No no, we want to maintain the
air of class we've built up with our witty one liners and gratuitous
use of the phrase "titty f*****g." Pleb 1: I'm bored of this movie,
here we go, the ship explodes, they all die, the end, now let's go and
make Frankenstein 3000. Pleb 2: What will be the story? Pleb 1: Exactly
the same, only this time the bad guy won't wear a hugely starched cape.
Pleb 3: Genius. This is basically a summary of the entire movie but
with slightly better use of the English language. DO NOT SEE THIS FILM
UNLESS DRUNK.
			
How do some things even get made.This movie looks like it was shot in the basement of a old office
building. The acting was just terrible. Coolio (and we should have seen
this one coming) was over the top.Good Science Fiction has a future that has a character all of its own.
This one just seems like these people are from our century and are just
plopped down in the middle of this ridiculous scenario. I mean, what
were they thinking? Do you really think people will still be listening
to rap music in 1000 years? Consider this. Dracula's goal is to get off of the planet Transylvania,
and to somewhere he can get fresh blood. Then he turns around and kills
everyone on the ship, which leaves him stranded for the next fifty
years. Duh... that wasn't very bright.Except that if everyone he bit becomes a vampire, then where are all
the other vampires? Was anyone thinking this thing through at all.
			
First, let me say that I am SO incredibly glad that I did not actually
pay to see this nightmarishly bad film. My boss brought it in to work,
and we watched it here. Seriously, in all honesty, I would've rather
have been working. At the end, he even said "I'm so sorry. I'm going to
have to make up for that one." First, you've got Casper Van Dien
playing a descendant of Van Helsing. Now, for anyone that knows
ANYTHING about the history of Dracula, you would already be offended.
This guy is apparently making a career out of trying to come up with
the absolute worst movie record of all time, and he's doing pretty
good. Starting with Starship Troopers, he's been on a pretty steady
downward spiral (and you wouldn't have thought that he'd have all that
far to go from there.) But this one HAS to be rock bottom. I swear I've
seen independent films that were FAR better.So let's look at the major parts of the movie: Plot - Dracula is
actually from a PLANET called "Transylvania" that is filled with
vampires. As his planet was dying, had the foresight to have a bunch of
coffins shipped off his planet, but then killed everyone crewing the
ship just for the heck of it, and has been floating around in space
ever since. 1000 years in the future, this crew finds the ship, and
that's where we begin the movie. Anyone else thinking "WTF?" Cast -
Just look at the list. Any movie with "Coolio" highly billed pretty
much speaks for itself. It's as if they specifically put a bid out for
whatever actors would take the lowest bid in Hollywood. If they spent
more than $3000 on the entire cast, I'd be offended. And the acting
shows that you get what you pay for.Writing/Dialog - This is a whole new level of "OMGWTFBBQ" make your
ears bleed garbage. With such snappy one-liners as "you'll have to do
better than that" literally EVERY TIME someone attempts to attack a
vampire and misses. (Apparently the director figured that instead of
actually having any sort of special effect to show the vampire's
ability to move quickly, every time the vampires moved, they would just
shake the camera violently. Violent Shaking = Speed.) The writing was
as horrific as everything else.Sets/Props - This brings a whole new degree to "Sad." I think their
set/prop budget was literally 0, and they just brought whatever they
happened to have at home and used those for props that day. People
wearing clothes that would be dated by today's standards, a token
handicapped guy rolling around in an old wheelchair, and I believe that
Casper's gun was the same one he used in Starship Troopers. Wouldn't
surprise me if he'd had to buy it himself, and wanted to get as much
mileage outta the prop as possible. It's sad to think that in the past
hundred years, we've gone from horses to space travel, but in the next
thousand years, we won't see ANY changes. Even the "computers" in the
future are full of toggle switches and big buttons taken right out of
old arcade machines.As if all of this wasn't bad enough, the storyline is absolutely
horrific. A whole lot of nothing happens until suddenly, Coolio cuts
his hand while opening a coffin on the ship. It, like all the other
coffins, is full of sand. A few drips of blood land in the sand, and
next thing you know, Dracula has magically appeared and turned him into
a vampire. (Nothing was ever explained about how 5 drops of blood into
this "sand" could reconstitute Dracula, or why it was that he had 500
coffins full of this sand.) Coolio proceeds to go and yell at his crew
mates while getting shot, and eventually goes back to talk to Dracula,
who, I kid you not, is dressed JUST LIKE the Dracula from the old black
and white 1950's movies. High collar, cape, hairdo, even makeup. As
clich as you can get. As Coolio and Dracula turn the other members of
the ship into vampires, Dracula runs into Van Helsing. After such witty
banter as "you'll have to do better than that" when Van Helsing can't
stick him with a pool stick because the director keeps shaking the
camera, Dracula turns Van Helsing into a vampire too, without much
effort.Finally, the token black guy, and the Playboy chick lock themselves in
a room. In shutting the door, they (without too much effort) manage to
cut off Dracula's arm, who then sits outside the door and cries for the
remainder of the movie (which is about 25 seconds.) At this point,
Playboy chick informs token black guy that she's actually a
reprogrammed "Pleasure Bot" and says, "hey, we're all going to die
anyway, let's go have sex." This is the talent of the writers here,
people. His response? "You don't have to ask me twice, lady!" So he
picks her up, and walks into the back room. Then the camera shows the
outside of the ship. Ship blows up. Roll credits.I wish I was making this crap up. This is by far the worst film I have
ever seen (and I've seen a lot.) I'm actually surprised it went
straight to DVD instead of straight into the garbage. I only wish there
was a way to vote LESS than 1 on a movie.This was an hour and twenty minutes of my life I'll never get back.-Javin
			
I cannot believe they did such a horrible job making this film. I love
almost all of the Dracula movies. This movie really gives a bad name to
Dracula and to Van Helsing. The last descendant of the Van Helsing
family is the captain of the ship and just dies? You expect to see a
good lead in to a fight between Van Helsing and Dracula and it never
happens. The movie just drags on and really has no legitimate story at
all. Eleniak has done some better films, this has got to be her worst
ever. I cannot believe the ending of this movie either. It would have
to rank up there with one of the all time worst endings to a film ever.
If you want to watch the worst Dracula movie ever made then rush out
and rent this one and you won't be disappointed.
			
I can usually watch dribble and I usually enjoy any vampire movie, but
this was HORRIBLE!!! The only reason I kept watching this is to see if
it could get worse.Imagine a movie set in outer space with Dracula and descendant of Van
Helsing which goes no where.Add to that a past Playboy playmate and absolutely no nudity to offset
the bad acting !!??!!And (sorry for this spoiler but I really feel it's my duty to tell you)
in the end EVERYBODY dies!!!Rent Napolean Dynamite instead ;-)
			
Easily the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. This is one of
those movies that you continue watching only so you can see if it gets
any worse. This is supposed to be a vampire movie yet the explanation
of why vampires exist is completely laughable. Vampires on the
spacecraft being transported from the PLANET Transylvania? Who writes
this drivel? When I first saw the cast, I was actually looking forward
to a Friday night sci/horror movie. This movie was incredibly
stereotypical. The dumb blonde sexbot. The pothead. The belligerent,
dumb muscle man. There's also very few action sequences. Just of lot of
the cast running around in the ship. Please stay away from this one.
			
I have seen some bad films over the years but this really takes the
biscuit, the FX are non existent the plot is laughable and the acting
well that I can't really put into words well not clean enough to write
here.These actors have appeared in some good movies and have shown some very
promising acting capabilities but in my opinion they some how must have
been paid to totally disregard them as the acting is absolutely
appalling.Nothing else I can say really except I could have gone through life
very happily without seeing this film!
			
This was by far the worst movie I have ever seen! Me and my husband own
over 600 DVDs, most of which are Sci-Fi and Horror B-Movies that aren't
top quality, but still entertaining. Dracula 300 had absolutely no
redeeming qualities at all! The writing was horrific, and the acting
was even worse. It took us a 3 tries to get through the entire movie,
because we could only tolerate it in 30 minute intervals. We thought
surely it must get better...we were wrong. I would rather watch a
corpse being embalmed than to have to sit through that again!!! When it
ended me and my husband just looked at each other like "Uh..is that
it?" The ending seemed like there was supposed to be more, but they ran
over their apparent $500.00 budget and were like "Oh, crap...we are
broke..end it now...quick..roll credits!"
			
I won't reiterate what so many others have said about this film; I'll
try to add a few new points. The Coolio-as-vampire bit is a nod to fans
who are familiar with his turn on the Blondie song "No Exit" in which
he assumes the role of a rapping vampire (it actually works as a
musical concept and is in fact a great song). Casper Van Dien is no
worse than Brad Pitt and is actually more handsome. And really what
does anyone go to a Brad Pitt movie for other than eye candy? Same
here, although this is poorly filmed (check out "Starship Troopers"
instead). And of course Udo Kier, after having played Dracula in the
Morrissey/Warhol film, has little more than a cameo. Enjoy it if you
can.
			
Please don't waste your money on this sorry excuse for a motion
picture. The only way I could see someone watching this is if they are
a die-hard fan of Erika Elaniak, but you would be better off surfing
the internet than to watch this piece of crap. I would rather watch
paint dry than go through watching this. They lure you in with Casper and Erika and lead you to believe it is a
sci-fi Dracula movie, but it quickly works out to be a farce about Van
Helsing's great-great (you get the point) grandson, here ironically for
one last show-down between himself and Dracula.The movie also tries to make a political statement, I believe, when it
appears that none of the characters in the future know who God is, that
they have not been taught about him and don't understand when they see
a cross. Could have done a lot more with this idea. It's a shame it
turned out the way it did.
			
If you do have the opportunity to watch this movie please do yourself a
favor (and maybe the whole world) and burn the tape before you have the
chance to see it. The whole action is so corny you feel like blowing
your brains out all over the screen (oh, wait, that would feed the
"vampires" ???). Apart from Erika Eleniak's boobs everything sucks
about this movie. The part where Coolio comes back as a vampire with
PINK eyes is the absolute epitome of stupidity. Not to forget the so
called space-suites connected to the oxygen tank through a tube held in
place by duck tape !?! My question is who in hell put the money up for
the production of this so called piece of art and why ???
			
What a complete piece of crap. The film has no relation to Dracula
2000, upon whose coattails it seems to hang, at least based on title
power. The idea is interesting  Dracula in outer space in 3000, aboard
the cargo ship Demeter, marooned in the Carpathian System; however
every single piece of this film (which the exception of a passable
Michael Hoenig synth score) is completely inept and ludicrously bad.
The script makes no sense, characters are stereotypes and none of them
are interesting in the least. The dialog would be laughable if it
weren't so bad. The performances are terrible. The guy who plays
Dracula is a puffy, cheeky bore, exuding no personality of power at
all. The sets are dull (obviously filmed in a rented ship) and the
costumes are idiotic (SKI MASKS as space helmets!!!!) It's been a while
since I've sat through something this pathetically incompetent.
			
Dracula 3000 is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. I had seen
Dracula 3000 at Blockbuster earlier in the week. I'd picked it up and
read the premise of the film. Basically, Coolio and his crew are in
space and they come across Dracula on an abandoned ship. Hilarity
ensues. The setup has comedy gold written all over it and so,
eventually, I went ahead and rented it. I'm not above enjoying straight
to video crapfests. But there are crapfests and then there are
crapfests, if you know what I mean.The opening sequence comes off like an intro to a really bad video game
for the SegaCD (gg Sewer Shark) with the Captain of the ship
introducing all the various stereotypes. You've got big strong guy, hot
girl, crippled professor, trust-fund girl, and stoner. Basically, they
saw Jason X and copied the crew except instead of writing a script and
getting together some cool space sets, they just smeared feces all over
some pieces of paper and turned the lights down low.But in the interest of science, I stuck it out and watched a good
portion of the movie. I did skip over the middle but I'm sure I missed
nothing. I asked for so little and I got so much less. And finally -
the ending arrive but instead of wrapping things up with a climactic
battle against Dracula where the good guys win or the good guys lose or
something happens, they just ran out of film. It's such a bad ending
that I don't even understand how it was cleared by someone. I mean, am
I the only one who's ever watched this steaming pile? The final
explosion sequence was like something out of the first Wing Commander
game. And, a final note, the hot chick who has a duty to get naked in
these types of movies failed to do so. Maybe I missed it in the parts I
skipped over but it should have been plentiful enough that it would
have been impossible to skip over. I've got such contempt for Coolio
right now. G.D. it...FOUR THUMBS DOWN!!!
			
OK, maybe I'm being too harsh on this movie because it is one that I
have seen (and paid for -- arggh) most recently (today is 2005-02-08).
Regardless, this IS the worst movie I have ever seen, and I can qualify
this further by stating that I have actually seen The Attack of the
Killer Tomatoes -- the worst movie ever prior to my seeing Drak 3k. I'm
so upset just thinking about it that I am finding it difficult to write
on the subject due to the fact that I typically only try to find
positive things to say about stuff. Here are some positive comments:
Coolio is a much stronger music biz artist than show biz artist; "Tiny"
Lister had a wonderful role and performance in 'The 5th Element', one
of my favorite movies; and all of the other actors have the rest of
their careers to look forward to. If you want a tip on how to watch
this movie, try imagining that humvee's anger is directed solely at the
relative merit of the film, instead of written into the script which is
filled with overused and outdated black-white racial slurs. Zero points
for originality. ZERO!
			
I can't mention one good thing about this movie. Everything about this
movie is "pathetic". Actors, sets, storyline, performances, clothes,
directing, FX, you name it. This movie is such a waste of good time,
money and energy that I think this flick actually should be ashamed to
even be out there on the movie market. The director should be ashamed
of himself that he even had the courage to deliver such piece of
garbage. The film is one big joke from the first minute till the very
last minute. The harder I try to give at least one positive remark
about the movie the more it gets clear to me that this is something
impossible. Everything in this film failed over and over again. The
thing, which bothered me the most, was to see that an actor as Udo Kier
connected his name towards such a piece of crap. Unbelievable. Is he
really so desperate to get back into the pictures? Or is he just so
desperate for money that he would do anything to get it? I don't know.
All I know is that this movie is a waste of many peoples time and
money, also yours if you rent or buy it to actually see it. Avoid1 outta 10 Dario/
			
Okay, where do I begin? How can I put into words just how bad this
movie truly is? Once you swallow the whole Planet Carpathia in the
Galaxy of Transylvania thing (without Dr. Frank N. Furter to make it
bearable)there's little of quality or novelty about this movie.Some films are so bad that they are fun to watch. This is not one of
them.There is a misconception. This is NOT the sequel to Dracula 2000 (which
isn't very good anyway). This is a stand alone movie and it's pretty
terrible. If you want a sequel to Dracula 2000 there is a sequel and
third movie but this is NOT it. This is horrid. This is a film I would
not wish on anyone.
			
except I keep struggling with remembering the decades-old Japanese
"Attack of the Mushroom People," which until tonight had always taken
the gold, but now even that movie has a serious contender.I've lived in Asia (I'm American) 25 years, and there are plenty of
really bad movies out here, too. But none as bad as this one. Not even
on the one cable channel I get that has English-language movies, which
is a cheap outfit and gets this channel out of Beijing. (There's better
cable in Bangkok, just not in my neighborhood.) I have no training in
film criticism per se, but I do hold a couple degrees in English
literature and taught in university many years, so know something about
criticism in the arts.But I'm at a loss where to start -- and by that, I mean even which
*school* of criticism from which to try to base. So I'll make it
general.Plot? No problem, because there isn't one. Character development? --
ditto. Setting? Well, I guess this gets about a .5 for that, since one
expects a movie titled "Dracula 3000" is almost certainly at least
partly set in outer space, and it does do that. But I do have to add a
movie with that title could take place entirely on Earth (or not in
space, anyway, maybe another planet). And so on through the areas
overlapping literature and cinema.On the purely film side, and from my entirely unprofessional view, I
can't think of anything good to say. Dialogue delivery? -- I've heard
5th-graders give better in a school skit (and that's a serious
comment). Others reviewing here have already detailed the abysmal
special effects -- in fact, other than the exterior shots, there's
nothing that qualifies as a special effect at all. The freighter that's
the setting looks from the outside like ceramic sewer pipe with a few
lights. (I seriously wonder if that was in fact the prop used.) Need I
go on?I'm a lifelong fan of science fiction, horror, fantasy, etc. so I'm
willing, even anxious, to encounter a story or film for which I am
entirely happy willingly suspending disbelief, but when it comes to the
science of this, um, "extraordinary" film, the contradictions are so
legion I couldn't possibly do so, though I guess that's not ALL bad --
since from the moment the first crew member boarded the freighter I got
some chuckles out of the movie.And the ending . . . I can think of no better way to express my view
than to quote: "The horror! The horror!" As many of my esteemed fellow
reviewers indicated.I take my opening back. This movie is worse even than "Attack of the
Mushroom People" -- just made up my mind. So, the new world champion is
"Dracula 3000." At least in my ranking.
			
Everything about this movie is just terrible beyond words. I don't even
know how to fill up 10 lines of text, because I basically described
this movie in one sentence.But just to give you an impression, here's the story: Crew of a small
spaceship dock on a larger one that's been lost in space for 50 years.
After a bit of investigating, their own ship disconnects and leaves
them stuck on the deserted ship. One of the crew members breaks open a
bunch of coffins on-board and eventually you end up with Dracula... IN
SPACE! You didn't see that one coming, did you?I can honestly say that Dracula 3000 is the WORST movie I have seen in
ages. I'm just glad I didn't see this in a cinema.The acting is woody and/or just plain bad. The story is weird, yet
somehow original. But it just doesn't work. There's absolutely no
tension or horror in this film. I think it's supposed to be a horror
movie, but it just fails. And if it tried to be a horror-comedy, then
it failed twice because there's not much humor in here. And IF it's
there, it's the usual stuff which is really old by now.A lot of clich's, a thin story, annoying characters and an atrocious
ending, I may add, make this movie a MUST-AVOID!
			
Ladies and gentlemen in this corner we have the reining and defending
worlds worst movie champion. CRANK! And in this corner we have the
challenger, Dracula 3000!I expected this movie to be bad. I was prepared for a crapfest. But I
was still disappointed. I would rather see sparkling vampires. I'd
rather watch a fat man run track. This movie was so bad started reading
halfway through.The acting sucked. The dialogue was ridiculous. The sets looked like
they were made of cardboard. Some movies fall into the category of
"they're so bad they're good" This one doesn't.
			
oh my word.there is no word in the English(or any other language)that
describes how horrendously awful this movie is.for awhile i laughed at
how bad it is is,but then the novelty wore off.once that happened,i
started to get a headache from watching the thing.it took the rest of
the day for the headache to go away,but unfortunately the memory of the
movie lingers on.there is absolutely no way a movie could be this bad
unintentionally,but some how,the filmmakers managed to do just
that.there is no point in listing all the things wrong with this
movie,because that would take more words than IMDb allows.so,i'll focus
on the good points.they are as follows:..... other than that it's pure
crap.i have never until now watched a movie that made my head hurt
because of how bad it is.i would not recommend this thing to my worst
enemy.in fact,it has dethroned "Evil Dead 2" as the worst movie ever
made. i have to give this pile of junk a score of -100/10
			
This movie is a totally waste of time. Dracula is a nerd.. and that
name count Orlock comes from a German black & white movie called
"Nosferatu" (1922).1)Why use "Orlock" and not "Dracula" since every one has forgotten
"Nosferatu".2)It's (I think) the first time that Van Helsing becomes a vampire and
he dies3)What's with that pink lenses...(?)4)C'mon my Grandpa is more scarier than this Dracula5)Is this a thriller, action or comedy? (I think they don't even know)6)Low budget movie with awful casting (I mean Coolio for vampire? and
saying all the time "Dude" & "Brotha"...)7)The ending was awful (I wasn't expecting more to be honest..) 1/10
from me
			
The memorable things about this movie are:1. Extreme racist comments which do not contribute to the story. 2. The
drug use does not contribute to the story, it does make the users
characters flawed. And it is racist, since only specific races do drugs
in the movie. 3. One character is carried with a broken leg, bone
sticking out, without a splint, and they are not in a hurry. I could
understand if they were about to die, but they weren't. I would accept the DVD if you paid me to take it, only to throw it in
the closest waste disposal.How does a movie like this make it anywhere? It should not be
distributed nor watched. Anyone who promotes this movie is cheating
you.
			
There are two kinds of 'bad' movies: 1) movies that will never win
awards, never get a thumb's up from Ebert & Roeper, and will never be
remembered outside of genre devotee circles, but are still fun and
entertaining. Get some popcorn, check your brain at the door, and enjoy
the movie. 2) movies that are genuinely, irredeemably bad, to the point
where you consider electroshock to remove the memories of it or, for
the sake of humanity, you want to gather up every copy in the world and
toss them into an incinerator. "Dracula 3000" is without question in
the second category! Trust me, don't succumb to curiosity just to see
what all the fuss is about. If you're THAT curious, jam screwdrivers
into your eyes. The result will be the same.
			
Greetings, I'm not going to try to describe all the things wrong with
this movie, what I want to look at is what could have been, such as
ANYTHING could have been better than what this turned out to be.CHANGES: The movie introduces nothing new, and if you are going to do a
movie in space, and want it to succeed (perish the thought), it really
needs an edge. For starters, when you show so much footage of a cargo
hold of coffins, some point in the movie, there has to be nearly as
many vamps! Just to have one or two at the time is pathetic. People
aren't watching this movie for back-story, they want ACTION! 1- (Only
one vampire terrorizes the crew, when there are 30 coffins. How hard is
it to hire on 29 extras to die somehow along the way? I've seen
fan-films with more participation and less story.) When the robot reveals her identity to the remaining crew, I don't want
to see her be a scared little girl like the rest of those weaklings, I
want her to engage in battle mode and start ripping heads off! I mean
whats the point saying she's a robot when it provides no usefulness
other than the lame fact she can't be bitten? Btw, you can kill a
vampire by decapitation, since the heart and the mind are the only two
vital organs in the entire being that have trouble regenerating. 2-
(Once a survivor is found to be a synthetic, by oral confirmation only,
she exhibits no traits of such. A tacky attempt at trying to remind the
audience, that this is a future space movie... ooh.) Our hero's name is Van Helsing, big shocker there, and the enemy is
Dracula... okay, that's pushing it. I can push the envelope of
believability to imagine that there may be a guy on board called VH,
and just maybe he is a descendant of you know who, but to meet up the
age old nemesis... gee hasn't this been done in every other movie!?!?!
One solution would to say that Dracula himself isn't actually there,
but his blood is on board, which in some way escapes and revives his
army of vampires. I mean anything better would have worked here. With a
film this bad, I don't care if the hero is called IstakeForaLiving so
long as the lead vampire in the future space movie isn't called Dracula
and pretend he's still in the dark ages. 3- (Van Helsing vs Dracula in
the most uninteresting showdown a futuristic space movie ripoff can
muster. I didn't even applaud when VH lost the fight, the film was too
far gone to redeem itself.) The last point I would like to make is more of a nitpick on the fact
that one of the crew, is bound by a wheelchair, the stereotypical
genius and is absolutely helpless to help himself. I've kinda grown
sick of this type of character. It kind of says that disabled people
are weak and helpless, I find that rather offensive, even in a piece of
dirt like this. Question, how come in the future, they don't have
wheelchairs that can navigate stairs yet? How come they started
developing spaceships that have stairs? Not in my book! 4- (One of the
crew has lost the use of his legs, and must be carried from his
wheelchair up and down stairs, he also has no courage, no ability to
defend or help himself, just scream in terror when he's alone.)If I haven't convinced you to NOT see this movie, not much will. Want
to see a movie that involves horror and space, watch EVENT HORRIZON.
Want to see a movie where a robot babe battles a killer in space, see
JASON X (Which is much more entertaining than this garbage, to give you
a scale). Want to see VH face off against Dracula, see VANHELSING, or
Dracula 2000 (No relation to 3000 I assure you, it has a story) Want to
see a SciFi horror movie with a capable wheelchair guy, go see ALIEN
RESURRECTION (Sure he can't use his legs, but he's still a fighter.)
Want to see a low budget Vampire movie that actually entertains the
audience, go watch a copy of BLOODSUCKING REDNECK VAMPIRES (vampire
content is limited, but still funny) or Jesus Christ: VAMPIRE HUNTER
(shakey camera, looks more like a fan-film, but hilarious and
original!) So, in conclusion, I do not recommend this film, nor the
hundreds like it, when you care not for a story, not for suspense, not
even concerned about the level of acting, because nothing could save
such a weak movie, in which mostly NOTHING HAPPENS OF INTEREST! (Why oh
why do they think we like to see extensive shots of a crew member
taking a bong hit, are they implying we won't like the movie unless we
are high? Anyone out there who is planning on doing a movie in space for a quick
rip off, don't try to hide it with a weak story, lame lines and false
suspense, just bloody show wall to wall action, junk blowing up, sparks
flying, people dying, extras by the dozens attacking and beautiful
robot babe ripping heads off. I'd watch it, hell I'd have to, I seemed
to manage to view this thing, didn't I? I give it a 1(Zero is an
illegal value) out of 10.PS. hey look i did describe all that was wrong with the movie, my bad.
			
Honestly, I tracked this movie down on IMDb to express my burning
opinion because of how horribly outraged and insulted I was by this
movie. Here I am, at the movie rental store, and I'm thinking "I want
to be scared out of my mind tonight, but I want some variety, so let's
try this little movie(Dracula 3000)." I go get ready to be freaked out
of my mind, AND THEN I SEE THIS LAME A## S###! This movie insults any
Dracula movie ever created, barely even fits the bill for being called
a "movie", and I would personally like to meet the guys who created
this movie,...in a back alley...with a REALLY big stick....Honestly though, the plot line was horrible, the set was obviously
staged in a warehouse, and everything about that movie was cheap. If
your going to make a Sci-Fi horror movie, DON'T BE CHEAP, MAKE IT LOOK
GOOD. Also whoever approved the storyline was on something cause it was
RIDICULOUS!!! We have a bimbo android running around without a Bra,and
of course everyone falls for her, In the end, everyone dies, but oh my,
there must be a dude and the android chick getting on before they die.
And WHAT WAS Dracula WEARING?!?! His makeup looked fake, and also the
original Nosferatu fit the bill a lot more than that Dracula did! To
sum it all up, it suck...BADLY...to the point where I feel such a
bitter resentment for the crappy acting, the crappy set, the crappy
plot, and the crappy movie in general!
			
I've seen some bad movies before, some really bad. But nothing in
recent memory comes close to the horribleness of this "movie". The
writer/director should be barred from ever, EVER being involved in any
future film-making. Please, God, someone take away his computer and
camera and anything else he could possibly use to make a film. Don't
even allow him to video a child's birthday party. I expected the acting
to be bad given the cast involved. I can deal with that in many movies.
Sometimes even a bad movie can be somewhat entertaining when it becomes
"campy" or just mindless entertainment. This pile of rubbish, however,
can't even get to that point. There is not one redeeming feature to
this film.
			
Dracula 3000 is stereotypically and monumentally the stupidest movie
ever made. Aside from asserting mass stereotypes of particular ethnic groups i.e.
Black people love to smoke weed. The Sci-Fi channel should no better, and has done better in airing
straight to video movies than to air something this absurd.Not to mention that the dialog and overall acting of ALL the cast
members is inconceivably ridiculous_________this movie gives other
B-Movies a bad name.I'm not an "angry black man", but just a confused college student that
now realizes that this is the kind of crappy entertainment that
reinforces the negative appearance of ethnic groups and social
minorities, not to mention typecasting that's out of this world.
			
As a fan of vampire movies, and having seen quite a few, I assumed that
this movie might be cheesy but entertaining. In truth it seemed to me
that the actors knew how bad the movie they were in was and at the end
got fed up with the shoddy effort and just quit and walked off the set.
The best acting in this movie, in my opinion, was done by Coolio and
that should be a testament to the disgraceful acting in this
embarrassment of a movie. So if you are a fan of wasting your time and
smoking your brains out, and possibly if your role model is Coolio,
watch this movie. If you are a fan of vampire movies stay way away from
this travesty of a vampire movie, and for that matter a disgrace of a
movie in general and a waste of film as well as 86 minutes of your
life.
			
If I was rating this movie on its content as a horror/sci-fi movie it
gets the "1" that I have so rightly appointed to it. However, I must
declare that this is one of the best comedies I have seen in a while. I
can't say that I have ever actually seen a villain, who is supposed to
instill fear in you, weeping outside of a door like 10 year old girl.
Truly an experience I say. There were also way too many hallway scenes
which quickly become comical when you get an actual shot of the villain
running down the hall as if he's late for his commuter train. This is a
very special movie. It belongs in a very special part of my heart.*Not to be watched when sober*
			
I don't want to say that this is the stupidest movie ever produced,
because it isn't. It is, however, in the ballpark. I recorded it from
the SciFi Channel thinking, "vampires" "outer space". How bad could it
be? I actually thought it was one of the SciFi Channel Saturday night
filmed-in-Bulgaria stinkaroos that are the most fun to watch if you've
been drinking heavily and it's very late at night.This was considerably worse. Filled with stupid anachronistic language
in a poor attempt at hipness, truly awful and stupid dialog, utterly
nonexistent character development -- all of which would be forgivable
if it was scary or funny or original or creative.Truthfully, I'm embarrassed to admit I watched it all the way through.
			
Even for a B movie, this movie was horrible. If I could give it a zero
I would. I think they spent more on graphics for the DVD cover than on
the special effects for the movie. The cover would lead you to believe
Dracula is some sort of half-machine/half vampire, but this is not the
case. Let's see, the characters were bland and unoriginal, the special
effects and gore were severely lacking. To be quite honest I've seen
better effects and plots from the 48 hour film festivals where people
have to make a short film from scratch in 48 hours. The captian of the
ship looked like he was reading from cue cards, and not very well
either. The other issue is that they only found 1 skeleton and one
vampire on the entire ship. What's up with that? Where are the rest of
the first crew? Even if they are vampires, they would still leave a
skeleton or something. The main vampire, not the members of the crew he
turns, is completely idiotic and looked cheesy. I could go to a
halloween store and get the costume for like $30 dollars. I've seen
people act like a vampire better on halloween. The crew memebers that
the vampire turned were lame. The only effects were red eyes and fangs
- If you have the DVD and a large enough TV, you can see the red
contact lens lines in their eyes. There are a bunch of continuity
errors too. This movie is on my list of worth movies I've ever seen.
			
Well it is about 1,000 years in the future and we have finally breached
traveling the vast distance between galaxies!! But sadly we still use
guns that shoot bullets, black men are still calling each other
brothers, and getting high, stoned, fighting etc.. Common stereotypical
urban black men are still getting the short end of the stick! Babes in
tight black rubber pants that look like they're from Baywatch share
close quarters with the captian and crew. Crippled people still require
wheelchairs to move, no fancy cures, implants, or robotic legs. Dracula
still looks and acts gay. Need I go on... In short this move was shot
on a typical sci-fi set low budget props, actors, and no real special
effects to speak of. The beginning, the middle, and the ending was
pathetic. I have to go off and shoot myself now there is nothing left
to live for.
			
Hey if people thought ed wood was a bad director then they totally have
not seen this movie. I mean there were gaping plot holes and under
utilized cast. Shoddy special effects. I mean I cant believe that this
movie came out from a Hollywood studio. A high school drama club could
probably come out with a better product. I mean they had Erika Eleniak
who is gorgeous Casper van dien and under rated actor. Their agents
should be shot to ask them to sign on to this dribble don't they read
scripts. I still cant believe that tiny lister was a survivor in the
movie i was banging my head the whole time at why him and not a
descendant of van helsing be the last man standing. I am a fan of
vampire movies and this is by far the worst they should stake it so
that it never sees the light of day.
			
It is quite rare that a movie comes along that is so useless, that I
with IMDb allowed the use of negative scores. In fact, I reflect back
upon this movie and I truly cannot think of a movie that had so little
going for it. Acting: Your Kidding right. Direction: No. A plot: No.
This movie has nothing going for it if you take it as a serious movie,
this is often the case with movies of this genre, but most movies of
this nature can be watch as if they are a comedy and you can laugh at
how pathetic the characters and situations are and almost get your
times worth. This movie is so empty, that it cannot even suit that
purpose. I have to give this a -1/10, three points lower then any other
movie I have ever rated. I truly feel that the staff involved in this
movie should pay me for the 83 minutes I spent watching it. I do not
really have the words to describe how bad this is. No one should ever
watch this for any reason again.
			
OK with Coolio in it I should have known better! But Noooooooo.Within 3 mins you've encountered 5 bites from other movies & and TV
shows...8 mins Casper Van Dien should have learnt by now! 10 mins you're feeling sorry for Tom 'Tiny' Lister Jr. that he has been
reduced to doing movies like this.15 mins Erika Eleniak Shows up looking like Zena.20 mins you're ready to shoot you're self...How these movies receive funding is beyond me! And yes I watched the
whole thing. The Ending is priceless!!! Just stay away!
			
This is my first comment on a movie in here. I have to say that of all
the bad films I ever seen, including Braindead for an example, this is
really WORSE! I promise. Don't even look at it. It is boring, bad
acting, bad script and plot, bad effects the whole movie is one big
piece of crap! If I could I would give 0 stars out of 10, but since the
lowest is 1 which is awful, I need to vote that. But I would say the
movie is worse than awful.Don't pain yourself by seeing this movie and hoping it will get better
because I can tell you already now, it wont! I hoped that there might
would come one single scene which would be worth watching. There didn't
came any good scene at all. What an excellent piece of crap. And Coolio as a vampire? LOL! LMAO! YARGH!
			
This is the first time I've ever written a review for this site, but
after watching this movie I felt I'd at least add my two cents.Okay I know there are bad movies in the world, but honestly do we need
something this terrible. The minute the Coolio's name flashed on the
screen my brother and I both knew this would be a terrible film. I'd
have to say his performance was the worst of all the terrible acting in
this movie. For a moment there I was beginning to wonder if his entire
role was a comedy role or not, because let's just face every line that
came out of his mouth was so stupid they were funny.Next if you're looking for a decent vampire movie don't pick up this
film. The plot is simple a crew lands on some unknown space craft
floating out in the middle of no where, and inside the space ship
Dracula sleeps. Of course they don't give any explanation to how he
awakens or why he is there to begin with. Instead Coolio's character
187 cuts his hand and blood drops on a pile of an old dust.Once 187 has become a vampire we get a whole crew of idiots running up
and down the space ship about to wet their pants over some vampire
instead of trying to come up with methods to destroy or escape their
opposition. Of course in the ending was just terrible, but then again
satisfying since at the same time you know all the idiots are now dead.
At least we know it won't have a sequel. Good bye and good riddance.If you're the person who likes watching a bunch of idiots running up
and down the corridors of a space ship while dropping F bombs every
other line you'll probably enjoy this movie. However, if you'd rather
watch a movie with a nice flowing plot, and great memorable characters
you sure won't find it here.I give this a movie a 1/10, because let's face it there isn't a single
good thing about this movie.
			
Wish I'd read the reviews here first. I saw it last night and never
felt I wasted the rental fee so much. The Italian title is "Van
Helsing: Dracula's Revenge" so you can imagine I thought it was some
sort of a sequel... I watched as much as I could but was unable to last
the whole film without FFing some parts and plain skipping whole
scenes. The only props used in the whole thing are some wooden crosses
and a few coffins. This film screams out "we couldn't get together
enough money" - a factory will never look like a spaceship. Someone
should have realised WHY no-one wanted to finance the project. Don't
watch this as even the smallest sum of royalties filtered back to the
producers will only encourage them when they should really all get jobs
in a biscuit factory.
			
i watched this movie as a promise to a friend of mine...oh how i wish i
had no friends. first of all i'd like to think the film studio bosses
were extremely drunk or high on narcotic's or had a gun held to their
head's when they decided to green-lit this film for production(unless
you people out there can think of any other reason). the acting would
have been better had we had Pinocchio doing the role. and having to
watch coolio prance about like a pratt for the duration of the movie
was sheer torture. the film was hardly ground-breaking, except that i
wished the ground would open and swallow me up. Spoilers...well there
are none. i am warning you unwary souls out there who are yet to decide
to watch this diabolical movie, beware. i would not recommend this film
to my worst enemies let alone my friends. i am still going through
therapy since seeing this movie, my wife has left me, my kids don't
want to know me anymore, i've lost my job and i sleep on a park bench.
that's what this film done for me, and could do for you. Beware!!!!
P.S. my so called friend who recommended this to me has since
disappeared. strange that!!!
			
This is must likely the worst movie ever being made! Everything sucks.
The dialog, story, special effects, but most of all: The Ending! Do not
see this movie ever! I have a pretty good idea to what happened to the
end. The director had no more money, and wanted to end the movie fast.
So he blew up the spaceship, and it sucks big time! The thing is that i
think that having your nose hair taken out one by one, will be more fun
than watching this piece of no good movie! Off course, if you've rented
this movie at Blockbuster of something, you can't get your money back,
but i think you should!Peace out
			
I cannot recommend this movie for anything else,then an example of not
to do. They use standard gas masks as "space masks", and the connector
to the gas-mask is made out of garden hose with a standard connector,
sprayed/painted silver.The story is bad, and the plot is even different from what the say on
the movie box from what is really happened.But what differently hit home for this movie, the that the robot was a
3.2 PB (Plessure Bot), and it was upgraded to 4.0 to become a narc.
Where did that come from?The ending of the movie, is so sudden, and badly made, that is must
have been the producer that cut the budget, and stopped the movie.
			
This movie sucks big time. It sucks. Don't watch it. I've just rented
it, and I am writing this review while the movie is still on. It's not
even worth seeing once. The idea is good but is completely ruined. Udo
Kier is always playing strange roles like this one in extreme b-movies.
Only if you want an experience so much out of the ordinary should you
even contemplate renting this DVD. Moreover, I don't approve of the
steriotyping in the movie. It is not very intelligent. Dialogue like:
"I think he wants to ***-**** her first" is not going to benefit
anyone. This is definitely one of the worst movies of all time. I
cannot recommend it even to my worst enemy, if I had had one.
			
When I saw the cover to this title I thought it would be a good movie.
I was very wrong. The actors pictured on the back of the cover also
lead you to believe that if they were in it this flick it might be
good. Wrong again. It is very slow paced, boring, no gore, and least of
all frightening. I could not believe I sat through the whole thing
hoping that the action was coming soon. Finally I looked at my watch
after about one hour and thought that there was no way this film was
going to end well. I was right. Total waste of time and money I should
have rented cat in the hat at least I know what I'm getting into there.
I did see Dracula 2000 and foolishly assumed that this was the sequel
but once again I made the wrong assumption. No gratuitous nudity. What
a waste all the way around. Avoid this flick is my advice to anyone who
even thinks of renting this one.
			
I won't waste your time. This movie sucks. Period. Bad movie, acting,
directing, script. They now have link awful and this movie in the
dictionary. What ever you do don't watch this movie. I'm not sure it's
possible to write 10 lines about how bad this movie is. If you like
watching crap then this is a great movie to watch.If you like wasting your money then you should go and rent this movie.
It is a big waste of money. Worst movie ever made hands down. This
movie sucks in a big way. A very big way. Do yourself a favor and go
rent something like harry potter or one of the other millions of
Dracula movies. You'll thank me tomorrow.
			
I hate the fact i had to give this movie a 1. it deserves a 0, it
deserves negatives.I've got scars from things more entertaining then watching this movie.Okay it's called Dracula 3000 right? So lets call the Vampire... um...
I don't know. Let's call him Count Orlock. Makes sense right? Count
Orlock was the name used in Nosferatu for Dracula because they were
making a version without the rights. So never in Nosferatu do they
mention Dracula. I guess these filmmakers were so clever they are
retarded.Plot... ha ha ha ha.... Okay there's a planet of Vampires( called
Transylvania... I know its incredible). Don't ask why or how? You'll
never know. If they drink the livings blood how does it get to the
planet? Don't matter! The vampires are stowaways being brought back to Earth. So, in the good
thinking of these clever filmmakers, the vampires would of course run
crazy and kill the crew members destroying any hope of achieving their
goal. The crew members are completely inept and unrealistic(even by
horror/sci-fi standards)Now, the ending(SPOILERS) is incredibly unique. They kill Van Helsing(
didn't see that coming) and let the black stereotype and b*Itch vice
captain live. Oh don't miss Orlocks demise, you'll laugh yourself sour.
The ship is heading towards a star and the remaining people will be
killed. Perfect time for The "Vice capt" to let us know before she was a narc
she was a Pleasure bot. And so the black stereotype and his pleasure
bot go off to ... well I guess its masturbation cause real sex will
always require TWO PEOPLE. Then again if screwing a toaster is sex in
your opinion maybe he is having sex. A split second after he picks her up we see the ship hit a star and
blow up. End credits.Maybe WE're all the idiots for not getting this movie. That must be
what the directors and writers are thinking. How could they not get the
subtle explosion(ejaculation ending)?They must of hired a seven year old to write this script. I hope they
do make a sequel. It wouldn't be hard to make a movie better then this.
Unless it takes place on Planet Transylvania, where incoherent ideas
are logical.
			
...and that's saying something. The plot is mind-bogglingly stupid, the
dialog sounds like it was made up on the spot, and I have to conclude
that the production ran out of money before they were done filming.
Notable scenes are missing: things like the climactic fight between the
hero and the villain, and the ending. They even ran out of music before
they ran out of credits. It's as though somebody played a session of
"It Came From The Late Late Late Show" and filmed the result.If this is a parody of B movies, it's brilliant! But I think they were
serious. The only redeeming features are the performances of Tiny
Lister and Coolio, who did give me a few laughs.
			
Given the lack of decent movies being produced today my wife and I
developed a fondness for "so bad it's good" horror flicks. Horror
flicks provide the most unintentional comedy of any genre. And so when
we rented this one we expected it to be bad. But not to this level.The dialog is *so* awful I will bet the credit for the screenplay is a
fake name - no one could possibly want a credit for lines like "You
guys are so funny I don't know what to do with myself"! The character
of Orlock (Dracula) looked like young Wayne Newton with a cheap
Halloween costume. The F-word is repeated so often and for no good
reason it would annoy a teenage member of the Crips. The blond Playboy
ex-playmate looked exactly that - a bleached-blond playmate encased in
skintight leather with tons of makeup, not a member of a spaceship
crew. And the "concepts"? Carpathian galaxy? Puh-leeze! Vile, VILE
picture. And yet, ponder this one point: Someone got PAID for this....
			
The most important thing I will do this year is warn people away from
this film. The worlds most generic crew of misfits poorly acts their
way into the incredibly un-suave clutches of a 1950s greaser Dracula.
This most un-cool lord of the un-dead then proceeds to turn them one by
one into comically bad caricatures of racial and ethnic stereotypes.
The only redeeming moments of this film are Coolio acting like a
gorilla on meth and the end when it is all brought to a hilariously
misplaced explosive climax. Seriously folks, resist any stupid
temptation to spend not just money but precious time on this. I have
family reunion films with more action, explosion, violence, and nudity.
Overall, I give it 1 Star, for sheer relief when it was over.
			
A space ship cruising through the galaxy encounters a mysterious cargo
ship apparently adrift in space. The crew investigates, hoping to lay
claim to its cargo and acquire the ship. However, once aboard the
ominous vessel, their own ship mysteriously disengages, leaving them to
fend for themselves and battle none other then Count Dracula or Orloff
as this creature calls himself.Not a bad start. I mean it follows any number of typical sci-fi/horror
plots. The genres have been around enough that even the most original
story will inevitably invoke comparison to some other film. But, when
you start with a fairly typical horror convention, the legend of
Dracula and vampires in general, and combine it with a fairly typical
sci-fi convention, a crew happening upon something and becoming
marooned to battle whatever they're forced to confront, the filmmakers
better have some clever up their sleeve to imprint their own mark on
the familiar genre staples.Director Darrell Roodt, who also wrote Dracula 3000 with Ivan
Milborrow, is primarily responsible for this utter failure. So, no,
Roodt and Milborrow have nothing up their sleeves but their arms.This film begins ominously enough, with a very poorly delivered voice
over by Caspar Van Dien, essentially providing enough exposition to
explain who the crew on his ship are. I should also point out that Van
Dien's character is named Van Helsing. And, oh so very cleverly, this
Orloff character is from planet Transylvania in the Carpathian System.
No kidding. I mean, come on guys, we get it. And, again, don't be goofy
and use such names unless you got something special in store.So, after Van Helsing's introduction of the crew, we have, essentially,
a film about this crew trapped in a space ship with a vampire lurking
about.I'm a very forgiving viewer when it comes to low budget films.
Occasionally, they can be brilliant, see Raimi's first two Evil Dead
films. Dracula 3000 had a decent budget, enough for some decent special
effects and for the salaries of 3rd stringers like, Van Dien, Erika
Eleniak, Coolio, etc. However, unlike, the EVIL DEAD flicks, there is
no talent behind the camera. In front of the camera, the talent is
marginal, but I'm going to give the actors some benefit of the doubt.
It really seems like they don't know what to do. The best actor of the
bunch, Alexandra Kamp-Groenveld, gets killed off quickly and the
ever-enjoyable Udo Kier is reduced to being an exposition vehicle for
the viewer as the deceased captain we hear and see via a video journal.
Grant Swandby is also okay as the Professor, but it's hard to take
seriously a scientist in the year 3000 who wears glasses and rides a
wheel chair. And, yes, it's a WHEEL chair as in there is nothing
futuristic about it. As for the rest of the actors, well.I'm sure
Coolio really tried to be scary after getting turned into a vampire,
but, well, I don't think irritating qualifies as scary in most people's
book. Tiny Lister and Erika Eleniak don't really provide much either.
Lister is never really more then the IL' big brawny black stereotype.
Eleniak actually appears unhappy throughout the film and never tries
very hard. Eleniak is a pretty girl, even in her mid thirties, but
looks a little worn out and uninterested for the movie's duration.This brings us to Count Dracula/Orloff played by Langley Kirkwood. To
be honest, I can't recall who exactly the vampire is supposed to be. He
introduces himself as Orloff but at some point he acknowledges himself
as Count Dracula as well. Go figure. In any case, you will be
absolutely astounded by just how lame this vampire is. Have you ever
scene those cheesy horror show hosts local networks would have on their
creature feature time slots? Yes, it's that bad. Langley Kirkwood, the
actor playing Orlock, must have found it almost impossible to
concentrate in such a ridiculous outfit. I'm sure he's still getting
hassled by his friends.There isn't much to the plot. The vampire is the last of it's kind and
wants to go to Earth, for some reason, and also, there is some lip
service about wanting to defeat Caspar Van Dien's character, Van
Helsing. Most of the crew get turned into vampires, including Van
Helsing, and the crew use conventional machine guns and pistols to try
and defeat them before they figure out the old stake in the heart
routine. Yeah, that's right, bullets, and yes, the year 3000. Keeping
in that baffling vein, one of the main areas the crew hole themselves
up in while battling the vampires, or vampire, since there is really
never more then one threatening them, is filled with old Soviet posters
and insignia and such. What the? There are also references to
God/religion being antiquated systems. But these references only
confused me. Did the Soviet Union make a comeback? Is there some point
Roodt and Milborrow want to make with this? It never really goes
anywhere, seems dumb and the posters, etc. just look cheap.On the positive side, the film is competently shot and edited. The
cinematography is nothing spectacular, but it's clearly done by
professionals and, I had no problem with the special effects. The ships
look like ships in outer space. Although, as I write this, I recall how
god awful the corpse of the captain looks when the crew discover him.
What were they thinking? Why didn't someone say something? See how
difficult it is to say something positive about this film without
falling back on the negatives? I guess, ultimately, that's the thing.
Whatever positives you try and grant this sci-fi/horror debacle, you
become overwhelmed by it's lack of quality.Poor Udo Kier.
			
Dracula 3000 is supposed to be set in the year 3000. Hmmm, OK.
Obviously clothes and hairstyles haven't changed much. There is also a
crusty old VCR in the ship that was lost in 2950. OK er VCR's are
pretty much half extinct now. The guns in it were unimpressive for the
year 3000 and the paralysed guy had a really crap wheelchair, not even
a motorised one. C'mon, by 3000 i would have thought they would have
had hover wheelchairs or the medical technology to make paralysed
people walk.Apart from the props and set not matching the date it also borrows a
bit from 'Event Horizon'. Everything was pretty much going fine, i
really can almost forgive the out of place things until Dracula finally
appears and adds a giant iceberg sized lump of cheese to the
proceedings.The story LOL is about haha Dracula being picked up by a cargo ship
*snigger* from a planet of vampires called 'Transylvania' which he is
the last vampire of lmao because the planet is dying. This vampire
planet is situated in a galaxy called the Carpathian Galaxy HAHAHAHA
which this movie is set in. Through the captain's journals we find out
that his crew are being turned into vampires (by Dracula i guess). 50
years later Captain Van Helsing and his crew of morons try and salvage
the ship.This movie sucks, it really does. Coolio was OK until he gets turned
into a vampire and then his acting goes way way way over the top.
Dracula was unconvincing and near the end where Van Helsing and Dracula
are fighting is not only pathetic but a total cop out. Also, the plan
to fly the ship around the sun and fry Dracula to a crisp would have
been a good idea if only the ship they were on had more than one window
but the characters overlook that small fact. Also, check out the
coffins exploding for no good reason. I won't even mention the pathetic
poorly executed ending and its abrupt nature. NO Director, that's a BAD
Director!!!Why the heck were big names starring in this amateur pile of s**t!? Why
are they trying to commit career suicide? Casper Van Dien's acting in
this is the same as his acting in every other movie he's been in. I
think the dude should stop acting every character like it's the same
one. The only redeeming feature this movie has is Tiny Lister. The man
simply rocks but even he wasn't enough to save this movie. 2/10
			
The characters might seem progressive - black, white, male, female,
disabled, ablebodied - if they weren't stereotyped to the point of
almost being offensive.Naturally there's foreshadowing (about as subtle as a punch to the
face) and no one follows through on anything remotely related to logic
or critical thinking.Plot: A crew of 6 people (the captain being named Van Helsing) flies on
a salvage ship to a long-lost cargo ship (which had been flying from
"Transylvania station" to the "Carpathian galaxy") in attempt to claim
its contents before the government gets there. --SPOILERS BELOW--As they explore the cargo ship, their own ship is somehow disconnected
and flies off. Two of the crew find a bunch of coffins filled with
sand, and they open some. The guy known as 187 cuts himself doing so,
and bleeds on some of the sand. Of course it's a vampire, and
reanimates offscreen; it bites 187 and disappears.The crew rushes to 187 at the sound of screams and all proceed to act
like idiots (for example, they look at his newly-broken leg and ask
what's wrong). Eventually he turns into a vampire and does absolutely
nothing which makes any sense.We see the vampire who bit 187 and it's assumed that this is Dracula
himself, although someone calls him Count Orlock, and apparently some
people know vampires exist. Orlock is allegedly the last of his kind,
despite all the other coffins around. Personally I'm curious to know
how he's been doing all this stuff (like disconnecting Van Helsing's
ship, etc, unless he didn't do it... but that makes even less sense) if
he was dust/sand in a coffin, and this is never explained.187 is done in by a pool stick (a wooden stake in space, how
convenient) and the second-in-command is revealed to be a robot because
somehow that makes sense to the writers.Then nothing interesting happens. All the characters are terrible and
unlikeable, and I find myself wishing the ship explodes and kills them
all. There are plot holes and continuity errors so large you could
pilot a 747 through them.By the last 20 minutes I'm convinced this was made as a comedy instead
of a serious sci-fi film. When the end of the movie comes, it's so
sudden and unexpected I'm not sure what to feel except relief that this
awful thing is over. My wish has been granted.--END OF SPOILERS--I'm not sure what to rate this film. Is it horrible? Is it supposed to
be a parody of vampire movies? Am I supposed to enjoy this ironically,
like The Room? Watching Dracula 3000 simply leaves me confused.
			
I love vampire movies, and I love sci-fi movies. So when I saw this at
the rental store, I thought "Why not?" After watching this all I
thought was "Why?" This movie was a complete waste of time- poor
acting, and a horrible script. The movie takes place in space, where
these prospectors come across another ship floating dead in space. Soon
after they discover the "cargo" which is mostly sand filled coffins are
actually what? freeze-dried vampires from the "Planet Transylvania?"
Can we get more ridiculous? Yes we can! Among the powdered vamps (just
add blood) is Orlock (I assume this is "Dracula") whom, even though he
supposedly comes from "Planet Transylvania" and this is the year 3000
for some reason he still is wearing the classic Bella Lugosi-style
outfit. Against him is Capt. Abraham Van Helsing (name sound familiar?)
yep a descendant of the legendary Prof. Van Helsing from the original
Dracula story. After character 187 gets bitten and goes vampire and
throws a few verbally sexual comments at the beautiful, but no-nonsense
Aurora Ash (who is actually a robot- fitting because I'm sure there are
"artificial parts" there) it's decided the best way to destroy the
vampires is to fly the ship into a star (which halfway through this I
was ready to throw this movie into a fire myself, but it was a rental)
during which time Aurora decides to go back to her original programming
as a pleasure bot and give the long suffering Humvee a final hoorah and
"go out with a bang" Which the movie ends as though the writer just
gave up and said "The ship blows up" rather than continue with this
career- destroying script. Now, let's take a look at the actors and
their performancesCasper Van Dien .... Capt. Abraham Van Helsing- Not a totally bad
performance, but the character is pretty forgettable Erika Eleniak .... Aurora Ash- her performance was much like a
Penthouse Actress- you can tell she was not cast for her acting
ability, but for 2 really great credits on her "resume'" Coolio .... 187- Many Hip-Hop artists crossover to become fine actors
(Will Smith, LL Cool J) but it doesn't look like Coolio is going to be
joining those ranks based on his performance here, despite his
character being right up his alley- a strung out, horny nutcase. Way
too corny to be taken seriously Alexandra Kamp-Groeneveld .... Mina Murry- Probably the most
forgettable of characters, not a bad performance, but she was killed
early on (she was the lucky one) Grant Swanby .... Arthur "The Professor" Holmwood- what's a B-movie
sci-fi flick without an annoying wise-cracking geek? he fit the bill
here- I cheered when his character finally bought the farm Langley Kirkwood .... Orlock- Totally forgettable performance- The main
villain, but the only thing scary about him was his lines Tommy 'Tiny' Lister .... Humvee- ZEUS!!! Plays a real strong, real dumb
guy- perfect role for Lister, and he did it well. Not my favorite
actor, but the only believable character in the whole movie.Udo Kier .... Capt. Varna- Probably the biggest name in this movie, and
pretty much all you see of him is his face on a video monitor droning
on in his captain's log as boring as a bad social studies teacher. It's
good that his character is almost non-existent, hopefully his career
will survive All in all, don't waste your time with this one- aside
from the decent deep space special effects, there is no redeeming
qualities in this movie. Leave it on the shelf and move on.
			
Love nearly all Dracula movies, but this one is a major disappointment.
It starts off pretty well, but goes downhill rapidly, with an very poor
and lame cop out of an ending, seems like they half completed the
picture. The best thing about the movie, is the few stakes through the
hearts, but even these are not gory enough. The beginning of the film
is much in the mould of "Event Horizon", but with a much less special
effects, but things rapidly go down hill after it is realised that
Dracula is on board If you want to see a proper Dracula movie, stick to
Hammers original Dracula, starring the true Prince of Darkness
Chriastopher Lee. In summing up, this is a low budget take on Dracula,
and only for fans of Dracula or B movies
			
Over the years, many horror icons have ventured to outer space. Jason
Vorhees, Pinhead, the Leprechaun, and the Critters have all had their
chance to terrorize space goers. Now it's Dracula's turn to wreak havoc
in deep space. Casper Van Dien plays Van Helsing, the captain of a
salvage crew. Also aboard is his hottie right hand (Erika Eleniak),
giant leg-breaker (Tiny 'Zeus' Lister), and drugged up '187' (Coolio).
They discover a space ship called 'The Demeter'. Upon investigation,
they uncover such odd things as a room full of crucifixes and a cargo
bay full of coffins. In between scenes, Udo Kier pops up via video
screen and rambles on about an epidemic. That's the basis of the plot
and sadly, that's as interesting as it gets. Every actor here is wasted
on a pathetic script, save for Coolio, who hams it up in every scene
he's in. The guy who plays Dracula is a total bore and is about as
frightening as Count Chocula. The only surprise in the film is the
ending, which simply comes out of nowhere. The best thing about this
film is the cover art of the video box, which thankfully, invokes the
spirit of H.R. Giger. I give this film 2/10.
			
Wow....what a waste...casting Erika Eleniak and not having her expose
her breasts. Tom Lister...are you gay. The only captivating part was
when Erika challenged Tom Lister to untie her and check every square
inch of her body to check for vampire bites. Now I knew there was no
nudity, but I thought maybe there was a mistake and moved to the edge
of my seat. Tom...to hell with the movie, that's when you improv. The
script was bad, the sound was bad, special effects were horrible. As
far as the acting...not really horrible, except for Grant Swanby, as
the Professor and Tom Lister, Jr as "Humvee". Casper Van Dien wasn't
too awful bad...I just wonder how he would do with a well written
script. Erika's acting...come on...does she really have to act.
Coolio...for god sake, did anyone expect him to act. As for Udo
Kier...he talked in front of a camera with no human interaction...what
could be easier. A very difficult movie to sit though and the
ending...wow...I almost cheered for the fact it was over and laughed at
how stupid the ending was. This movie was proof positive that some
people make a movie just to say, "I made a movie"
			
The tale they made was quiet nice, but the way they created the movie
sucked really hard. Something like this: 1) It was meant to make the
first vampire ever on earth and sky (atleast in here) the most fastest
vampire ever, what they do with the camera was this. see him walk, shut
down the camera's and start when the character was at the end of the
tunnel.It looked so bad. and when some actions where happening and I.E. the
professor got scared (again) it was like.. "owh Bollox" and the camera
came fast close to his face..This whole movie looks so fake that even the girls for I.E. 5 years old
wouldn't get any nightmares!But I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because of the story they created,
this movie deserves some better special effects and better actors!
			
I normally like Casper in his movies, a real credit to STARSHIP
TROOPERS. But the box cover on this video SSOOOOO mi-sleds the renters.
At my local video, people rent it expecting a (PERHAPS) Borg like
vampire, and instead they get a bad re-make of Lon Chaney. It had great
potential, and fell very flat. Ireally think I could have written a
better story line and screen play. Why is it in EVERY science fiction
movie, they (the cast) constantly refers to a solar system as a galaxy?
Didn't any of these screenwriters or authors stay awake in science
class? It is a pet pevee of mine, but a solar system is a single star
with planets, a galaxy is a WHOLE bunch of solar systems. It is like
referring to a can of coke as a gross of six packs. Makes it sound even
dumber.
			
When you watch this movie the distinct feeling will creep into you,
that this movie in fact was meant to be porn, but they liked the
"story"and I use the term loosely so much they made it into a real
movie, without porn. I won't spoil the end, but watch it and tell me
that was not written to be porn... And the vampire is in the spaceship
why again?? Actually almost interesting, that bad. Hence the 2 instead
of the all preferred 1... If you are interested in movies and screen
writing, it might serve as a please don't kinda a thing. The lighting
is quite all right, although it made me sick, I'm sure that was
intended by the people who made it. I think that people who are
sensitive to that sort of thing mustn't watch this, but that is my
idea. This "movie" really messes with the Vamipre genre, it is very
bad, although the idea was kinda nice: a vampire in space: no way to
get sunlight.. They did not follow up on that, although it does play
some part in the movie. But watch it as if it is porn (18+ scenes are
deleted of course) and you'll get a few laughs... enjoy :s
			
Now for look back at this " classic ".OK. For us or for this review it is 2017. Now according to this
Dungeons & Dragons meets The day the earth stood still plot line , we
humanity will create a genocidal race of machines in just 12 short
years. In this sad scenario a woman named Sarah Conner who is In fact
the mother of the leader of man kinds resistance against these
murderous machines is to be killed. A very comforting thought knowing a
girl who can't even get her tables orders straight will be our
salvation.It business as usual for our heroine as she lands comfortably in her
role as a 1980s twenty something. After ducking a phone call for her
roommate that would land most men on the sex offender list , she is
dumped on an evening dinner by her yuppie boyfriend. After being groped
on her way she sets out for an average night in an average area of Los
Angeles.During all this hoopla , two beings have arrived from the future. One
is a terminator. A machine from the future sent back to the pre -
internet era to kill Sarah Conner , and along the way mangle half the
phone books in town. The other arrival is an enlisted army officer
Named Kyle Reese. His job is effectively protect Sarah from the
terminator using a rock salt gun and several firecrackers.The terminator begins killing Sarah Conner's all over Los Angeles in
phone book order. ( this is why your number should always be unlisted
folks.) Soon LAPD catches on and is out in force looking for our Sarah
who is next on the list. This information reaches her by television at
a local three star non zagat rated pizza joint. Immediately at this
critical moment she goes to the pay phone to call the police station.
It is out of order. To bad cell phones have not been invented.She decides that paying five bucks to make a pay phone call at a new
wave bar on Pico ave. is the way to go. Nothing beats good new wave
music , particularly in a movie whose soundtrack is recorded in the
marvelous enriching acoustics of mono. After a shoot out and car chase
with the terminator Conner is brought up to speed on her predicament.
Both are then captured by the cops.The cops have very little time to sort things out before lugnuts shows
up for some drive thru. After mowing through and entire department ,
the chase resumes. This is the area of the film where Sarah and Kyle
fall in love though even 2017 most die hard fans of the movie admit how
that happened is over their heads. Maybe , getting pregnant by a guy
you have known for 60 minutes whilst being hunted by the Mobile version
of CORTANA was hot for women back then who knows.After , their " romance " , the machine finds them at their no star
motel and it's back to business as usual. After a round of explosions
and car crashes , pretty cut rate at the time as well , they blow up
the bad guy. It must have really burned to see it walk out after being
killed. Anyway as the computer killer robot hunts our two heroes they
decide hiding in a computer factory is their best bet. Nothing like
giving your opponent home court advantage to turn the tide in your
favor. Either way the machines mission objectives are finally
...crushed.So you have read this and are thinking OK , cheap budget effects it's
the 80's. The plot is coherent and the acting not too shabby with a
pretty good cast for its day. What gives bro?Simple logic. The movie is not the movie it could be. In the DVD
release of this film there are deleted scenes . In one of these scenes
Sarah and Kyle are at some stopping point on their journey and Sarah
points out to Kyle that she has found the address of the computer
company responsible for the creation of the system in the first place.
Why not blow it up , and skip the whole thing? Because then we could not have several pointless sequels , another of
which commits the same act only for us to receive more pointless
sequels. I guess it is all you could expect from the guy that gave you
Rambo.These people act like all they care about is money and the quality of
their work is secondary. Completely inexcusable.
			
Terminator is relatively slow for the first 20 minutes. We are quickly
introduced to Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton). She seems like a nobody
(which she pretty much is for the most part - aside from birthing her
son).The Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) searches for her since there
seems to be quite a few of Sarah Connor's. After finally finding the
correct one, he goes on the chase and Sarah tries to hide figuring that
she could be killed if found.Meanwhile, Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) shows up from the future. He
explains the Terminator is also from the future and is a cybernetic
organism. He explains that Sarah's not-born-yet son John Connor is the
leader of the rebel army to face the machines. Sarah and Kyle fall in
love, somehow, quickly and show it by having sex. Sarah gets pregnant
and survives the Terminator attack (this really isn't a spoiler since
there is two sequels).Now, at this point you are probably wondering why I titled it as I did.
Sure, it sounds interesting. But, Back To The Future makes sense. This
is just ridiculous. A guy comes from the future and has a kid with a
woman. Think about it. Doesn't that sound over the top? It will
continue to happen the same way, thats how time traveling works.The story, however, is not the worst part of the movie. Arnold
Schwarzenegger says nearly zero lines. The make-up effects were just
dreadful and then you have the special effects. I think for the most
part the special effects were dormant. 1977, we saw some amazing
special and visual effects from Star Wars. Seven years later, this
trash comes out.It was tolerable up till the last 20 minutes. The skeleton was shown
and instead of looking scary and realistic, it looked like stop frame
animation from Nightmare Before Christmas. I laughed when I first saw
this and I was thinking to myself: 'Linda must have hated this part.'
It's like running away from air, and screaming at nothing. Must have
been difficult to portray. The sequel definitely beats the original by
a long shot. The good news about this movie is: James Cameron's career
was not ruined by it, thankfully. Titanic, Terminator II, and Aliens
all kept it alive.If you are a die-hard Terminator fan or Arnold fan, you'll watch this
just for the fact of watching it. But if you're any fraction like me,
you won't enjoy it and it will probably never grace your DVD/VCR ever
again - unless you have a Terminator marathon.
			
This movie was just plain bad. Interesting plot line, but the bad
acting and horrible dialogue just killed it. It was like watching a B
movie. Honestly, I could have written the script for it. IMDb wants me
to submit at least ten lines of text? This movie is not worth that kind
of time. It's a B movie, pure and simple. Beat 'em up, blow em' up,
shoot 'em up. What more needs to be said? This movie was just plain
bad. Interesting plot line, but the bad acting and horrible dialogue
just killed it. It was like watching a B movie. Honestly, I could have
written the script for it. IMDb wants me to submit at least ten lines
of text? This movie is not worth that kind of time. It's a B movie,
pure and simple. Beat 'em up, blow em' up, shoot 'em up. What more
needs to be said? This movie was just plain bad. Interesting plot line,
but the bad acting and horrible dialogue just killed it. It was like
watching a B movie. Honestly, I could have written the script for it.
IMDb wants me to submit at least ten lines of text? This movie is not
worth that kind of time. It's a B movie, pure and simple. Beat 'em up,
blow em' up, shoot 'em up. What more needs to be said?
			
In 2029, artificially intelligent machines are attempting to
exterminate what is left of the human race. Two beings from this era
travel back in time to 1984 Los Angeles:One is a Terminator, a cyborg
assassin programmed to kill Sarah; the other is Klye, a human
resistance fighter sent to protect her. He and the Terminator arrive
naked.Fiest when I see this movie, I think this is the very action movie.
Especially the Terminator is strong and impact for me. I feel even
scared. And the camera technique is wonderful. Compared with today's
movie, this movie is well done.
			
Yeah, this movie is great about effects and the plot is really
original, but after 40 minutes of it I cannot simply stand for this.
The actors are great, nothing to worry about that and one of the most
solid Schwarzenegger acting, and he is one of my all time favorite
actors.Let me get this. So, you send cyborg to kill a girl named Sarah Connor
so she will never have this baby, but his father travel back to time
and manage to find her and save him from being killed. A lot of action,
good acting and fun, but... just that, fun.I mean, there are so many plot holes and ridiculous thing that I cannot
simply enjoy it, and because this movie take itself so serious, more
that it should. Some questions: 1) If is supposed that Reese come back and have the baby, the first
time how they make the baby? Think about it. Is supposed that he come
back in time to save her for their baby... so the first time what!? 2) Yeah, I buy the lack of people in the streets and the factory.3) Now she knows exactly what button press to kill the terminator in
the factory? 4) WHY THE SEX!? IS SO FORCED! I MEAN, TWO DAYS! 5) The cops... 6) If the terminators kill her, then he will never exist, because he
was send to kill her, but if he doest exist, he will not because that
purpose will not be necessary so... MY GOD}!I agree, this movie is greatabout the story and the effects, but the so
many incoherences, plot holes, forced stuff that I cannot understand
why the people keepcalling this the best Sci-fi movie ever!?
			

Director James Cameron stages a shoot-out and a freeway chase with aplomb,
but his quieter moments aren't as smooth, and his attempts at visual humor
are a little heavy(heavier still are some of the jokes in the script, which
wobble at best). But Arnold Schwarzenegger found his niche here, playing a
villain without a heart, an expressionless and bloodthirsty machine, and
it's easy to see why this transformed his career: he's a natural at playing
the bad guy(which is why "Terminator 2" was such a disappointment, it tried
to reconfigure the odds back in Arnold's favor). Linda Hamilton is also
terrific as a waitress whom Arnold wants dead. The sci-fi angle that frames
the story feels pulpy(and looks pretty tacky to boot), but the action
propels you along almost against your better judgment. **1/2 from
****
			
Well I finally decided to give this Trilogy a try, here goes, Arnold
Schwarzegger in his most popular role. being the first time that I had
watched it , it was a hard story for me to follow. I don't know why but
it just was. Michael Bein was good, and so was Lance Henricksen. A
futuristic machine or robot is sent back into the past to kill a
waitress named Sara Connor so her baby won't be born,, I guess that's
what it's about,, i'll have to watch it again,, I did love all of the
action scenes.. and Arnold did have a lot of funny lines.. thought it
was comical him running around the streets in his birthday suit,, was
kinda sad when he didn't let the gun store owner live. I liked the
movie for all of the stunts and action,, I just want to understand the
story better .
			
This is one of the few examples of a film where Arnold Schwarzenegger
pulls of a good performance, as an emotionless cyborg. And that isn't
sarcasm I really mean Arnie pulls off an excellent performance. The
film is essentially divided into two sections. One is where Arnie's
T-800 goes on a LA wide killing spree, which is the best part. The
second section on the other hand is packed with Jim Cameronesque
preachy symbolism and dull to lifeless performances by supporting
characters. The epicentre of this A bomb of underacting is Michael
Biehn's dreadful performance as Kyle Reese. Biehn joins Hayden
Christiansen and Ahmed Best in my personal collection of terrible
performances in a sci-fi film. He seems to have an emotionless quality
to his acting that makes half of the film unbearable. Apart from that,
the film is brilliant and I thoroughly recommend seeing it.
			
Sorry, I like Terminator but don't hold it in the same esteem as many
others. I just don't see that it is any better than any other good and
fun sci fi films that really aren't much more than a thrill ride.But one thing it does have going for it that's great is that it shows
how ridiculous the notion of time travel really is. For those who think
such must be possible, you probably slept through or didn't take a
class in physics. Since time is nothing more than an arbitrary
measurement of relative motion of objects in relation to one another,
it does not truly have a forward or backward direction. Einstein knew
this and that's why he related time to physical motion, hence the name,
Theory of Relativity, and he saw the perception of time as variable
dependent upon the relative "speed" of the subject, but it's doubtful
that many sci-fi fans understand this. (As proof. watch how many NO's I
get on this) They believe that one can fall into a black hole and pop
out through a wormhole into another time or faraway location in the
universe, when all that would happen is they'd be crushed into being
part of the dense matter of the black hole.The abstract ideations called "the past" and "the future" are more a
product of mental awareness of this motion which creates events that
are kept in memory (known to us as the past) or events considered as
possible through conjecture (known as the future). Time travel only can
exist as a mental abstract ideation, and that's it.Such travel is shown as being physically impossible in Terminator due
to this scenario: Terminator is sent to the past by cyborg rulers to
kill the birth mother of human John Conner, who threatens later cyborg
rule. Human Reese is sent by humans to stop the terminator. He becomes
the father of human John Conner who later threatens cyborg rule.
Basically an impossible event, shown as such by what would have been
the initial series of events, as envisioned this way...Mom Conner would not have had son John in the first place without
Reese, who would not have been sent after all because the terminator
would not have been sent since John did not exist. Or envision this...Had cyborg rulers not sent terminator, then Reese would not go and
could not father John Conner....And there are many other variations on these scenarios as well...Pretty much an impossible conundrum, which just goes to show that the
notions of past and future only exist in our mental awareness, and
everything that actually exists in our reality and our universe really
has just one time of existence, the now and present.Even our memories of the past, notions of the future, and awareness of
current existence which is due to the relative motion of objects, all
happen within the now and present, the only actual "time" that is based
in reality.For those who would dismiss this because you really want to believe in
time travel, well, you certainly aren't Einstein.
			

On one level this is simply a highly violent, sci-fi thriller.  But the film
is interesting for how the director draws you into the plot even to its
highly predictable end. Terminator may be a must see for those who want to get a taste of Arnold's
film persona before he became big budget. This is not a great film, and Terminator II is a better picture. But I'd
make it a must see for it's status as a classic Arnold picture.  

			
What's worse than an ordinary action picture? Hardly anything, except
maybe a really bad slasher movie. In an action picture we see a
fireball explode in slow motion while in the foreground an actor dives
towards the camera. A speeding car hits an obstacle and does a grand
jetee. Everyone's hand grips an ugly gun. The disparate hero and
heroine finally fall for one another and close the deal between blood
baths. The musical score pounds us into excruciating insensibility. A
pinned hand gropes for a weapon. The script is sparsely sprinkled with
wisecracks to the wise."The Terminator" has all of these clichs and more, and yet, the gol
danged thing hangs together. It's as if you'd taken all your leftovers,
thrown them into a pot, shaken some lesser-used seasoning onto it,
cooked it, and hoped for the best. It isn't that there's very much
distinctive about the film, except maybe its all-gray pallet and the
overall darkness. Of course it's easier to shoot in LA at night when
the city is empty of all human tissue. If you want to make a movie
about the last person on earth, shoot it in downtown LA on a weekend.
Come to think of it, they already have -- "The Omega Man." It's not
possible to explain the success of this flick. The only thing you can
say is that it succeeds on its own terms. It has no moral, like "The
Invasion of the Body Snatchers," no resonance beyond its violence. If
the acting is good enough that's largely because so little is called
for. The best performance is given by the two cops. Arnold comes in a
close second. His best moments come when he is not on screen but has
been replaced by a completely metallic skeletal cyborg that is blown to
bits -- an ear here, a humerus there -- until he is finally
extinguished by this gigantic duck press. That's not to put down Linda Hamilton. She is plump lipped, hair blown,
and sexy. She was my supporting player in another film, one that I
think everyone would agree is a masterpiece of cinematic high art, a
nonpareil of poetics, and an unforgettable action drama in itself --
"King Kong Lives." Michael Biene falls a bit short of the bar set by
Linda Hamilton.But what does any of that matter? You can watch the thing repeatedly.
It's almost hypnotic.
			

The machines rose from the ashes of the nuclear fire. Their war to
exterminate mankind had raged for decades, but the final battle would not be
fought in the future. It would be fought here, in our present.Tonight...With those words, the legend was born.Then the words fade. There are bright flashes. Out of the smoke rises what
looks like a human being. But this is no normal human. Before long he yanks
the heart out of a punk who refuses to give him his clothes. He feels no
pain, no fear, no pity or remorse. He exists for one purpose only. He is THE
TERMINATOR.A few miles away there are more flashes. From the smoke emerges Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn), a human warrior from the future sent to stop the Terminator
from accomplishing his mission. What is his mission? For forty minutes we are left in suspense, until the
full story is told. In the future, an artificial intelligence is facing
imminent defeat at the hands the humans, who it nearly drove to extinction.
In a last ditch move, it sent the Terminator back to the year
1984.Its Mission: Kill the future mother of John Connor, the leader of the human
resistance. Wipe out his existence entirely so there will be no
resistance.Her name is Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton). She is not rich, nor a genius. "I
can't even balance my checkbook!" she says, "Do I look like the mother of
the future?" But she is. And she is in great danger. Reese has to protect
her at all costs, but he could not bring any weapons through the time warp.
Nothing dead will travel back through time. How can you stop something that
is indestructible?That, my friends, is the crux of what makes this so great. Bits and pieces
of information about the future of mankind are dropped in the film's first
half. Eventually we can piece them together. Director James Cameron helps us
out with flashbacks, as we see the horrifying battleground of 2029 through
the eyes of Kyle Reese.Once the exposition is done, the story refocuses on the troubles presently
facing Connor and Reese. They can only hide so long before the tenacious
machine tracks them down...and kills them.The main element, besides the story, which makes the movie so effective is
the way it is directed. Cameron is one of the most gifted directors in the
industry, that much is certain, and one of his fortes is pacing. He also
co-wrote the script, allowing him to mold the step-by-step action to his
directing. The result is a tight, gripping atmosphere with air of mystery
and horror mixed in. The story is sound, and builds carefully, with the
audience staying involved for both the exposition and the action. There is
never a dull moment.The special effects are not very good, even for that day. The visions of the
future are not too slick, and most shots of the Terminator's metal structure
look fake at best. Still, Cameron finds a way to give his imagery impact and
depth. The musical score is percussion heavy and synthesized, but what makes
it work so well is that it's tenacious, subtly embodying the personality of
the title character.As for the acting...well, Cameron is a great director there, too. Arnold
Schwarzenegger is perfectly cast as the Terminator. His most haunting
quality is the straight face he keeps while slaughtering anyone who stands
in his way. Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn are wholly convincing, making
us feel for their plight. The always likable Paul Winfield also gets in on
the act as a police lieutenant.In the end, this is Cameron's movie to win or lose, and he uses all of
skills to the fullest. Despite its shortcomings, "The Terminator" is a
winner. Perhaps I can finally forgive Cameron for "Titanic."

			
In the year 2029, the robots have taken over but are losing the war...
and they have devised a plan: send a robot back to the past to destroy
the mother of the human leader, thus causing him never to be born.
Unfortunately for the evil robots, human Kyle Reese has been sent back,
too.While I think the sequel is flatly better, and I do not feel this film
deserves to be in the top 250 of all time, it is a good film by all
accounts. Action, good plot, decent acting... horror icons Michael
Biehn, Lance Henriksen, and Dick Miller are all here. A young Bill
Paxton even shows up.James Cameron has had an amazing career, and this was an early triumph.
Even if he walked away from the franchise after the first film (a great
science fiction tale), he would have kicked off an amazing series and a
television show. With consistently strong writing, plot and continuity,
we have to thank Cameron.
			
Terminator is one of the best action movies / science fiction, special
effects are amazing for the time, Arnold Schwarzenegger makes his best
character in the career, the story of the film is excellent, James
Cameron makes a great direction, you have a lot of action in film is
also much persecution , the soundtrack of the film is very good , have
enough time in the apocalyptic future and the look is excellent, the
final scene is great , who would say that Sarah Connor would be so
strong and fearless in the second film, movie cast is good, the acting
is good , Terminator is not better than the sequel, more is higher than
3.4 and Genesis , the film is a milestone for science fiction films .
Note 7.6
			
The Terminator is a 1984 film which is directed by James Cameron and
was written by James Cameron and Gale Anne Hurd. The Terminator is
about a young woman named Sarah Connor who is a waitress at a diner
when she finds out that another woman named Sarah Connor has been
killed. So she goes to Tech Noir (an 80's dancing club) and there she
almost gets killed by The Terminator. Luckily though, for her she is
saved by Kyle Reese, a soldier sent back through time to protect her.
He tells her that The Terminator doesn't feel pity, or fear and will
not stop ever, until she is dead (the reason is because Sara will give
birth to John Connor the leader of the Resistance.) The Terminator is a
classic movie with great special effects and a great story, and
wonderful acting. This is a great movie.I give The Terminator a 7/10.
			
Entertaining sci-fi action-drama.Revolutionary special effects are what makes this movie special. The
effects, from 1984, are still good even by today's standards. The plot is not bad either. Unlike most of James Cameron's movies,
which are purely style over substance (yes, I'm thinking of Titanic and
Avatar in particular), this movie has a decent plot. Not entirely
watertight, but it exists and is reasonably coherent and plausible and
not merely a medium for linking action scenes.Though he had done the two Conan movies before this, it is this movie
that made Arnold Schwarzenegger a star. Not there for his acting
abilities, or linguistic skill, he was every bit the action figure (not
quite action hero...). Linda Hamilton was solid in her role (though her hair style shows this
movie was made in the 80s...). Michael Biehn was OK, though sometimes
came off as too over-the-top in his performance.
			
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn star in James
Cameron's 1984 sci-fi film. A soldier from the future protects a woman
from a cyborg assassin. This film takes place in the present of 1984
where a soldier, Kyle Reese (Biehn) and a terminator (Schwarzenegger)
are sent from 2029. Sarah Connor (Hamilton) is about to be in a tug of
war battle. She meets Kyle and learns that's she's targeted for
termination and why. He also tells her that he's always loved her and
came across time for her. The final scenes are the highlight of the
film and this is not only one of Cameron's best films, but Arnold &
sci-fi's as well. The cast, music and effects are great. I highly
recommend this.
			

Arnold lumbers about blasting everything in sight with
various weapons while his intended target (Hamilton)
keeps a few steps ahead of him. Director Cameron excites
at every turn with screeching car chases and flaming
explosions. Followed by an amazing sequel. 
			
Cameron was stuck in Rome in the early eighties editing Piranha II: The
Spawning; a film that he was not even supposed to be working on. During
the late nights in the editing room Cameron started to dream of an
image of a robotic skeleton emerging from a massive explosion. He took
that idea home with him and while waiting for his paycheck from Piranha
II, he and his future wife future wife Gale Anne Hurd developed a story
around the image.If only I could turn some of my crazy dreams into a multi million
dollar franchise. Any type of decent sci fi story that was inspired by
a dream or a nightmare is pretty cool in my book. You've gotta respect
a guy who trusts his vision enough to see it through all the rejection
they went through to get that film made.
			
This is a excellent sci-fi movie for it's time, it has a lot of the
elements in this mixed together but works very well. The main villain
is the one that stands out the most, played by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He is basically a full machine in this literally when it comes to the
plot aka The Terminator and he played his role in a pretty intimidating
and menacingly manner, although he seemed a bit human at times when he
is suppose to be a machine which isn't good. Especially since he is the
villain and should not be showing emotions when it comes to facial
expressions for this first movie in the franchise, even if it's slight
at times. Although it will be different in the sequel, but for this it
came off as a bit of a mistake, especially the mannerism in certain
scenes. He just didn't seem like a full machine that is out to kill
it's target because he seemed human, so it made the experience a bit
slightly less frightening. But for it's time it's done very well. This
is the beginning of a very notorious movie franchise that many people
know of or at least heard about and I can see why by just watching this
first movie. The script is well written and got my attention most of
the way through even if it's a outdated and certain scenes just look
way too fake. But even now this movie still holds up in today's
standards because of the good direction and because it's well crafted.
This movie also has classic phrases that are notorious and the way it
reveals what is going on bit by bit is done pretty well, although some
audiences will know what is going on pretty quickly, the execution is
well crafted. This is a sci-fi/action movie with elements of horror and
romance in it, but it's blended in just right and is worth seeing even
if it's outdated by today's standards by a large margin and is a thrill
to watch.7.8/10
			
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines was the first Terminator movie I
saw, and I greatly enjoyed it. When I heard the first two were better,
I bought both of them without a second thought, before even watching
them. Was I disappointed? NO.The Terminator is without a doubt the defining Sci-Fi action film of
all time. though future films of the same genre may have been better,
this one stands alone as the founder of the marriage between
Science-Fiction and Action films.The plot centers around the destruction of the world as we know it, due
to computers becoming self-aware and destroying their makers: Humans.
After a machine-induced nuclear holocaust, human survivors fight back
against the machines, led by a man named John Connor. A
computer-soldier called a "Terminator" is sent back in time by the
machines, to kill the mother of John Connor, so he can never be born.
The human resistance also sends one of their soldiers back in time, to
protect the unborn child. Both soldiers are sent back to 1984, to
battle over the fate of their future.Terminator is known as one of the most iconic story lines of all time,
and rightfully so. This is one of those classics that has to be watched
by any movie fanatic. It is one of the defining films of the 80's and
the Sci-Fi genre.Taking this film simply as another sci-fi film, you may find it to be
not much better than others. But the reason this movie deserves the
"great movie" merit, is simply the concept behind it, a concept that
has inspired many future science-fiction titles.Great Film 9/10 stars
			

This movie is not as good compare to the second series. Maybe because of the
effects and music which are not up to the standard, very dull. Some of the
story in this movie is out of the point, irrelevant. At first it is ok but
finally it become quite hard to understand.The action is ok. Too bad Arnold doesn't speak much in this movie, only when
his character is able to change the voice. The T2 movie probably do not
relate to the first part in some way.
			

the original TERMINATOR is much better than the overrated, overhyped second
one. That film is so popular that people have forgotten about this one.
There is a much better atmosphere of tension in this film that wasn't there
in #2. This movie has also a better plot and a great relationship between
Sarah Connor and Kyle Reese. And Schwarzeneggger is so much cooler as an
evil robot than the nice one in the second. TERMINATOR 2 is not a bad movie
at all, though: I just like this one much better.  
			

Arnold Schwarzenegger was born to play this character. Without him in the
title role this picture would be all but forgotten.  Paul Winfield delivers
the best performance of the supporting cast but his character had very
little on screen time. The sequel had more FX but personally this one is
better. I'd pick this film over Titanic as James Camerons best work.   

			
We really did get some of our greatest action movies out of the 1980's.
In that decade, where there was action, there was Arnold. This is
probably Arnold Schwarzenegger's most iconic film role, that of the
unstoppable Terminator. In this science fiction/thriller milestone, the
Terminator is a cyborg sent from the year 2029 to kill the mother of
the man who would save mankind from the machines. Its a film nearly
everyone has seen, so there isn't a whole lot to say about it. It was a
great action flick that launched a successful franchise.The special effects are a little dated at this point, but it isn't bad
enough to pull you out of the movie. The animatronics and puppets are
obvious but cool to watch. While on the topic of "dated", it is kind of
amusing to see this movie take place surrounded by 80's style (that's
some BIG hair). The film is loaded with plenty of action but it does
slow down a bit after the first half when the audience is treated to
the bulk of the movie's exposition. Linda Hamilton is awesome as Sarah
Connor, target for termination, and has good on-screen chemistry with
Michael Biehn. The only real weak spot (which isn't even really worth
mentioning) in the movie was Bill Paxton in the opening as the leader
of a punk gang. As minor as his role is, for some reason, he always
makes me cringe. For some reason, he just aggravates me in this movie.
Of course, he's only on screen for two minutes and his role means near
to nothing, so ignore my rant.The movie does have a couple plot holes, but only if you feel like
feeding a headache with thoughts of time travel mechanics. Most people
don't, so it doesn't matter. The movie is a fun popcorn flick and
spawned two sequels. Don't try to make sense of things, sit back, and
enjoy nearly two hours of action with 80's flair and some of Arnold's
best one-liners!
			
A cyborg is sent from the future on a deadly mission. He has to kill
Sarah Connor, a young woman whose life will have a great significance
in years to come. Sarah has only one protector - Kyle Reese - also sent
from the future. The Terminator uses his exceptional intelligence and
strength to find Sarah, but is there any way to stop the seemingly
indestructible cyborg?This film is smart, maybe ingenious toward the ending, but it's no
where near a great or fantastic film. Just because the ending was good
doesn't mean it's a masterpiece. This film delivers the action you
want, some humorous scenes, and some suspenseful scenes.I liked the acting by Arnold Schwarzenegger and Linda Hamilton, while
Michael Biehn wasn't in their league. For a 1984 film, this film has a
good number of action scenes, probably a good look of the future world
and the robots are good looking.This villain in the film (played by Arnold Schwarzenegger) is one of
the famous villains ever and that stands a strong point in the film,
along with the story and the acting but it wasn't all that great as a
classic but you'll have fun when watching the movie.
			

"The Terminator" is one of those science fiction films that represent the
ultimate in cinematic experience.It made Arnold Schwarzenegger a star,yes
and it also took us into a futuristic society that had me asking so many
questions about technology."The Terminator" is the kind of film I grew to
watch as a kid on home video over a number of times,eventually leading me to
realize that this film is actually one of the most smartest science fiction
films ever made.It's not just science,but it's also an action packed event
which director James Cameron successfully entertained the viewers
with."Terminator 2:Judgment Day" was a better movie which doese not mean I
think any less of this film."The Terminator" shouldn't be missed and I
really think that it has a place as the most important science fiction film
ever made.
			
                I decided to rent this movie awhile ago.  I hadn't seen it
in awhile, so I figured what the heck.  Well, Terminator wasn't as good as I
remember it, but it does have its moments.  First of all, sometimes it was
very obvious that they used a puppet face for Arnold.  Second, Linda
Hamilton sucked.  She just went around saying "Omigod, omigod, omigod." 
Arnold (I'm more used to seeing him as a good guy) just didn't have it. 
Michael Biehn was the highlight of the movie.  That guy should've been
famous.  Anyways, it clearly shows signs of date, but it is still pretty
good.
			

Personally, I enjoyed the sequels better and the film is somewhat dated
(especially with the electronic soundtrack), but I still liked this movie. 
I just don't visualize myself watching it on many repeat viewings.  Arnold
Schwarzenegger's robotic acting is perfect for the role of the terminator. 
On the other hand, Michael Biehn has no excuse.  His performance is
completely dull, and I wish James Cameron put more thought into casting the
hero.  You do want the hero to have SOME inkling of a personality.  Linda
Hamilton's performance, though rusty at points, is pretty good.  It's also
nice to see Paul Winfield, who I think I haven't seen since "Cliffhanger." 
Lance Henriksen is always cool to watch.  The storyline is thin and
easy-to-follow.  It's nice to hear the premiere of Arnie's "I'll be back"
line.  The film didn't send me leaping from my seat, but it's worth a look. 
Seeing that it has reached pretty high status on the IMDB, I'm sure others
have a much higher opinion of the original "Terminator."My score:  7 (out of 10)
			
Yeah that's right! The Terminator is a Human Form of Arnold
Schwarzenegger! And went to kill the woman named Sarah Connor. Why is
he evil in this film? He was good in a lot of films! Like Kindergarten
Cops, Jingle all the way, Junior, and the movie where he becomes a spy(
I forgot what the movie is called). This is the only film with him I
seen as being evil. This movie has some disturbing scenes. Do I like
it? Yes. It's a pretty good movie. I watched it a few times. But I like
the sequel better So yeah. Do I recommend this film? Yes for: Back to
the Future fans, people who likes wars, that likes robots, and anybody
who's 13 years and older.
			
When watching a James Cameron film if you didn't know he directed it,
you wouldn't guess. He doesn't exactly have the complete directive
control on all of his films. He doesn't stick to the same genre;
although no matter what genre his film is there is always a strong
aspect of love and it isn't always romance. There is however some
similarities within the films he has directed. Firstly, he has a large
budget when it comes to making the film. Identifying the budget; Aliens
was around $18,500,000; Titanic at $200,000,000, and a more recent film
being Avatar at $237,000,000. Two top box office films were also both
made by James Cameron so he is making a huge profit on what he is
putting into the film. It could be argued that James Cameron is an
auteur when it comes to money in terms of the budget and the profits.
Secondly, there is always an aspect of strong love within his films. In
both The Terminator, and Aliens the human forms a relationship with the
non-human species although that same species within each film is shown
to be bad. In Terminator the viewer witnesses a strong love between the
robot and the boy almost like a father and son relationship although
the enemy is also a robot. In Aliens, although it is a horror and the
aliens are the enemy there is a scene where Ripley has no choice but to
kill the alien to survive but it is quite emotional as there is a bond
between this alien and herself. In both of the above films the
non-human species is shown to be good and bad. It changes with Avatar.
A human and a Na'vi fall in love, and instead of one of the non-human
species being the enemy, the human is. Which takes the film from
another perspective but it still shows a strong love within this film.
Although not as obvious as another director such as Tim Burton for
example, James Cameron could still be perceived as an Auteur in the
ways mentioned above.
			
Arnold Schwarzenegger as a killing machine with no emotions, big guns
belching, outlandish feats of body strength, delivering his lines in a
sinister, robotic monotone - hang on, that could be any of his movies.
But this movie made him what he is today. What, the Governor of
California?...When THE TERMINATOR was released in 1984, Schwarzenegger was already a
superstar - 7 Mr. Olympia titles, five-time Mr. Universe, with the
CONAN franchise under his belt)  this movie made him a million-dollar
mega-star, a household name, an on screen icon.In this James Cameron actioner, Schwarzenegger is the eponymous
Terminator, a cyborg from the future (2029), sent back in time by the
machines, to 1984 Los Angeles, to "terminate" Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton, semi-bighaired, man-faced), who will be the mother of John
Connor, the man who would lead the human resistance against the
machines when they have taken over society in 2029.The humans of the future have also sent back someone through time -
Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) - to stop the Terminator and save Sarah
Connor.Excellent concept. One major flaw. No, not that Sarah Connor lives in
the painful New Wave 1980s with her brainless, bighair girlfriend, not
that the Terminator has no eyebrows, not even that lame Brad Fiedel
soundtrack that sounds like Oingo without the Boingo - writer-director
Cameron artfully dodges the time paradox flaw created simply by sending
the Terminator back through time in the first place.You see, if the Terminator succeeds in killing Sarah, she will not
birth the leader of the revolution, therefore the Terminator would have
no reason to come back and kill her. Ergo, Terminator ceases to exist
in 1984. On the other hand, if the Terminator fails to kill Sarah, it
must mean the Terminator itself was terminated (for nothing else could
make it fail). Either way, the Terminator ceases to exist. Good thing
he's just a killing machine with no emotions, i.e. Arnold
Schwarzenegger.And how effective was John Connor's resistance anyway, that the
machines felt threatened enough to kill his mother so that he wouldn't
be born? From Reese's apocalyptic flashbacks, human extermination seems
to be going quite well for the machines, with Reese and his pals living
like rats in sewers, bedraggled and bitchbeaten.And hey! Has anyone stopped to consider that in 2029, they have Time
Machines?! - that actually work! So why didn't humans send someone back
to pull the plug on the machines taking over in the first place? These
anomalies are explained feverishly by Reese to policemen Paul Winfield
and Lance Henriksen. But nobody's buying it. Especially not the fey
police psychiatrist who looks like he took time off from molesting
children to question Reese.Both Reese and the Terminator track Sarah Connor to an embarrassing
dance club called Tech Noir, spewing the lamest disco possible to
represent that era, the female vocals seemingly stuck on the lyric,
"You've got me burning'!," pony-stepping whitebread patrons looking
like honky refugees from a Pat Benatar video.After the shooting starts, Reese utters one of Terminator-dom's magic
lines to Sarah, "Come with me if you want to live!" This is also the
movie where Schwarzenegger coins, "I'll be back!" In this perfect role
for someone with no command of the English language, of his seventeen
lines of dialog, these three words would become Arnold's catch-cry
forever.And he does come back - again and again, in mighty action sequences
where he is gunned down, run over, exploded, yet relentlessly
recovering and pursuing Sarah, unstoppable, Reese forever warding off
the attacks. Reese tells Sarah: "...it doesn't feel pity or remorse or
fear" (he's right - seen PUMPING IRON?) "It absolutely will not stop
until you are dead." While they hide out in a roach motel, Reese puts his future-moves on
Sarah, calling her a Legend and strong and brave and anything else
guaranteed to moisten her man-jeans. And a pick-up line almost as good
as the HIGHLANDER'S move of stabbing himself to bed Roxanne Hart: Reese
gravel-whispers, "I've memorized every line on your face. I came across
time for you, Sarah. I love you. I always have." Cue porn music,
nakedness, future sperm... and Linda Hamilton getting her banana teats
out for The '80s Love Scene, while looking like a man who's having a
hard time turning a socket wrench. The thought surely must have crossed
Reese's mind as he saw them bananas, "Boy, Legends are easy. Comedy is
hard." And then Cameron makes an excellent character move - something which no
one would dream of making in later Arnold movies after his star had
risen to major box-office draw - he terminates Arnold! The flesh is seared off the Terminator in the last act and we see only
the steel machine-man endoskeleton (created by legendary Stan Winston)
pursue Sarah. This plot development, though robbing Arnold of screen
time, drove home the Terminator's relentlessness; how it would
literally stop at nothing, not even its flesh coming off, to complete
its deadly mission. These are some of the most terrifying sequences of
this modern technological horror tale, clinical, un-human; as Reese's
warnings come to metal stop-motion fruition: "...It can't be bargained
with, can't be reasoned with..."The dicey closeups of Arnold's prosthetic head nearly land this movie
in the B-Movie crap heap, though - but we forgive Cameron and Winston;
best anyone could do pre-CGI, without selling their soul to George
Lucas.Though the Terminator failed in its mission - leaving the future of
mankind in the hands of a semi-bighaired, man-faced eighties chick -
with the box office grosses nearly hitting the movie's filming budget
on its opening weekend, we can be sure of at least one thing: He'll be back.
			
I first saw TERMINATOR on a hotel room TV in Washington, D.C., with my
wife and young daughter. I would say the film thrilled the heck out of
us and probably scared my kid half to death, but the fact is, we were
in a brightly lit hotel room and the TV wasn't particularly large. I
know we were bowled over by the police station sequence and the final
chase at the very least. This is one of Ah-nuld's best roles, and
director James Cameron knows how to keep things moving along on a
shoestring budget. The scene where Ah-nuld must deal with a partially
ruined face is unforgettable. T2 came along a few years later and put
the original to shame, much like ALIENS did to ALIEN. But if it were
not for THE TERMINATOR, where would we be today? A groundbreaking
sci-fi thriller, loosely based on a TV program and very old short
story, by the way, neither of which is credited, as I recall.
			
Someone sent back from the future to the past by murderous robots
intent on total domination to kill someone to make sure a future event
happens but by going back in time they make that event happen.Try Doctor Who - Day Of The Daleks.That's basically the exact plot of that episode made in 1975. Why
hasn't Terrance Dicks sued James Cameron and Gale Ann Hurd as well?
They stole his idea - BBC America may have been airing Dr Who and
Cameron thought it was a good idea and stole it.Have a soldier trying to protect the woman who will be the mother of
the man who leads the rebels against the robots. The Dr Who version is
some terrorists try to assassinate a man who they think has started a
war which lets the Daleks invade Earth dead easy.Another idea stolen from someone else. The film is the classic
nightmare of being chased by someone trying to kill you but you don't
know why. Elements of Frankenstein, the monster built and never rests
and is almost impossible to stop in its mission.Why did no-one try a rocket launcher or a few grenades, or even a high
power taser or anything to deliver an electric shock. Once the robot
has taken a shot of EMF his CPU would be screwed. End of film. People
never see the easy solution, do they?
			

Whereas the second film had the visuals and budget this film has got the
dialogue and suspense. The dialogue is probably aided by Arnie's limited
input. I'm sure everyone in the planet must know the story, but just in
case, here goes. The future world is ruled by machines, but they face a
struggle against a band of humans led by John Connor. They send a terminator
(Schwarzenegger) back in time to kill John's mother which will thus stop
John from being born. John Connor also sends someone back in time to protect
his mother.It's interesting to see how much Sarah ( Hamilton) developed through the
films. In this she is still a sweet innocent woman who is just about to have
her life turned upside down. Well directed by Cameron this is probably the
best of the Terminator films.
			

This is the opening act of the highly successful Terminator series. A
machine, programmed to kill a certain target, is sent back from the future.
In the future, machines have taken over the world and are exterminating the
human race in a huge war. Arnold Schwartzenegger stars as the Terminator and
Linda Hamilton as one of the targets. The machine's incessant behavior is
excellently portrayed by Arnold and he is definitely one bad boy in this
film. He kills everyone in a police station to get at his target. There's
lots of good action and the story is excellent. There's also a bit of a
caveat for man - don't give machines too much power over you! Overall,
pretty good!

			

The Terminator may be the action movie with the most quotable lines, such
as
`I'll be back,' `Come with me if you want to live,' and `F**k you,
a**hole.'
Not only that, it's remained one of the most popular action films of the
last twenty years, it's continued to delight young and old alike. Added to
the mix is icon Arnold Schwarzenegger, and you have yourself one fun romp
through both the present and the future.When offered his job in The Terminator, Schwarzenegger was supposed to
play
good guy Kyle Reese, who became Michael Biehn. Schwarzenegger then played
The Terminator, a cyborg from the future that came to the present (aka
1984)
to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton), whose son Michael would start in a
giant war, etc. You'll figure out the plot as you go along for the
ride.The Terminator has something that most action movies now need: action!
Instead of PG-13ing it and making it look hokey, James Cameron decided to
make it as lifelike as could be, and it really did look lifelike. The
effects on Schwarzenegger when he was half-human, half-cyborg looked very
real, and would be considered impressive by today's standards. Not being a
gigantic gore fan, I did cringe a little, but it was very
cool.My rating: 7/10Rated R for violence/gore, some language, and brief nudity.
			

Arnold Schwarzenegger won't be known for his winning of Mr. Universe, etc.
He's known for his phrase "I'll be back", which was made famous from The
Terminator.He plays The Terminator, a cyborg who comes from the future to kill Sarah
Connor (Linda Hamilton), an innocent waitress who doesn't believe Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn) about that story. Reese also came from the future, but to
protect Sarah from The Terminator, for reasons that come into detail later
in the story.Schwarzenegger is fun as The Terminator. He only has about 10 lines to say
in the entire movie, but I liked him in his futuristic role. Terminator is
his most famous movie. It has action coming out the wazoo, but no real
thrills. The 108 minute run-time seemed to go by quickly.The special FX, for 1984, were pretty good. Despite what it seemed, the
exo-skeleton at the end was not stop-motion as it looked like, it was an
animatronic puppet. The explosions looked real, so did all the shootings,
and everything else. Biehn was very good as the guy from the future. He
seemed to know what he was doing. I wonder why he hasn't been in much
lately, though.Hamilton was good, too, as Sarah, but nothing to write home about.
Terminator has set an example for others to follow in action movies. Many
spoof movies have the "terminator sight", and say "I'll be back", and all
the other catch phrases from the movie. I thought it also had some good
places of humor, like all movies should. It is entertaining, also. The
dreary look at the future seems almost farcical now, since we now know that
there won't be a nuclear war around 1990. So that means it's a little
outdated, but it's still fun (if lacking thrills), and
recommended.My rating: 6/10Rated R for violence and some language.
			

1st watched 5/12/2002 - 7 out of 10(Dir-James Cameron):
Non-stop action thriller not unlike Alien except "Arnold Swarzenegger" is
the unstoppable alien(this time it's a Cyborg from the future).  Arnold is
perfect for this role and Biehn is also good as Sarah Conner's(Linda
Hamilton) protector.   Keeps you interested from beginning to end which to
me is a good indication of a good action/thriller.  It does what it's
supposed to do and Cameron does a good job of keeping the pace
up.
			
In an age when computers began to be relied on more and more, not a
scarier film could come along. Arnold Schwarzenegger plays the title
role, a cyborg sent back through time to kill the mother (Hamilton) of
a then-unborn resistance leader that would defeat the invading
Terminator-race in the future. Michael Biehn plays an unlikely but
well-done hero, with Henriksen, Boen and Winfeld as the unexpected
comedic relief that lacked in the sequels. The story suffers from a
paradox you could drive a big rig through; the special-effects weren't
that far ahead of its time; and the soundtrack may have suited the mood
for 1984, but it ended up dating poorly. Schwarzenegger fits the role
perfectly. Originally, Henriksen was supposed to play the Terminator.
The series continues with the far more impressive "Terminator 2:
Judgment Day".*** (out of four)
			
The Terminator is a good sci-fi film with some flaws but it does have a
compelling story, plenty of action, character development, suspense,
great special effects especially for that time, and solid performances
by the whole cast. I did prefer T2 and most recently Terminator
Salvation over this one but the original is still a good film.
Writer/Director James Cameron the man behind films like Titanic, True
Lies, Alien 2, and the upcoming Avatar showed a real talent as a
filmmaker with this movie which was his second one back then. Cameron
is one of the best writer/directors out there and he continues to prove
just that with every one of his movies. The cast are great in their
roles bringing to life these imaginary characters Cameron created for
the film. Arnold Schwarzenegger is fantastic in the title role. He may
not have many lines and his screen time is cut a little short near the
end well sort of Schwarzenegger still proves to be an effective
villain. He was born to play The Terminator a ruthless cyborg from the
future that will stop at nothing until it's mission is complete.
Michael Biehn is equally impressive as time traveler Kyle Reese from
the future. He gets just as much screen time if not a little more than
Schwarzenegger and Biehn makes the best of his role as the hero in the
movie. He brings an intensity to his performance which makes his
believable as a time traveler whose mission is to protect Sarah Connor
played by Linda Hamilton. She's also very good in the role of Sarah an
ordinary woman who must find the strength within herself to stop the
Terminator before he kills her. The rest of the cast are okay in their
roles but they're not given much to do and really any screen time to
leave an impression. The whole story of the film would take me forever
to fully explain so I'm not going to get into it. It's better to just
watch the Terminator before knowing too much what the movie is about
before any spoilers could ruin the experience. The action is pretty
much non-stop making the film move at a steady pace as the main
characters are introduced and the chase begins to get to Sarah Connor
first. All the crashes, explosions, chases, fights, and narrow escapes
are well executed most of them looking very realistic. The special
effects are state of the art especially for movies back then
considering they didn't have the technology available today. The few
flashback sequences with Reese showing a post Judgment Day are just as
good. The world is an apocalyptic wasteland overrun by machines bent on
annihilating the human race. Despite some flaws with the dialogue
occasionally, answered questions, and somewhat rushed love story
although it had to happen or else John Connor wouldn't exist, The
Terminator is still a solid sci-fi film. It's much better than other
ones out there like Ultraviolet, Babylon A.D., or Aeon Flux to name a
few no offense. Overall The Terminator is an entertaining sci-fi
adventure definitely worth watching with plenty of action, great
special effects, thrills, suspense, drama, some humor, a little
romance, and terrific performances by the cast.
			
The story goes that the inspiration behind the idea of the Terminator
films derives from a bout of illness its creator, James Cameron, had
whilst working on a previous project that had tumbled into being a bit
of a creative nightmare. Frantically trying to piece what turned out to
be "Piranha: The Spawning" together in an edit lab against a ticking
clock, Cameron became run down by something which gave him all sorts of
unpleasant dreams about indestructible robots chasing him; his life
being in mortal danger and nobody believing him.It is perhaps the nightmarish quality of "The Terminator" which really
allows it to stand out. Let us not mince our words, here  Cameron
essentially hopped from one exploitation feature to another in making
it. Everything that needs to be present for an effective Z-movie is
present: the gore; the action; the nudity; the causality and the lack
of a plot. That is not to be rude to the IDEA, which is wonderful - a
robot killing machine is sent back in time to assassinate the mother of
a brave resistance leader, who is proving to be a thorn in the side of
the metal maniacs in their attempts to wipe out every last human-being.
One of Cameron's characters even pokes fun at the premise, describing
what the robot is attempting to do as a kind of "retroactive abortion".
It is, however, little more than a cue for all-out mayhem across the
urban sprawl of Los Angeles.We have all read the essays and digested the feminist theory which
revolves around the character of Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) enough
times by now for anybody to need to rehash it here. Put simply, Connor
is the aforementioned target  the protagonist who learns of her
destiny and is taken from being your generic bimbo, and a useless
waitress, to a brave soldier. Later theory would revolve around Connor
and the Terminator character transgressing their respective roles in
the sequel, which had the 'killer' robot being reprogrammed to become a
mother/guardian figure and Hamilton's character tooling up to wipe out
a defenceless anomaly (Miles Bennett Dyson) for being something they
were not even privy to.Chasing Connor here is Arnold Schwarzenegger's titular Terminator: a
metal exoskeleton operating underneath living flesh tissue and
impervious to the pathetic weaponry of the 1980's, while also sent back
is one of the future humans' top fieldsmen in Kyle Reece (Michael
Biehn). One of the most endearing things about watching the film now, I
suppose, is that each are playing the roles they are most famous for.
The opening exchanges, as both time-travellers adapt to their
surroundings; tools up to take the other on and go about hunting down
Sarah, are good value. We witness The Terminator dealing with three
rough-shot punks upon arrival with the simplest of ease, while Reece is
depicted as actually having to run away and hide when the police pick
up on his otherworldly arrival. Cameron's goal is fairly obvious: the
odds are stacked against the good guys.What follows is by no means 'bad', but it is remarkable as to how
quickly the film settles into a causality driven process of action;
chase and recovery  something is to be said, however, in the way
Cameron kicks things back into life via the ingenious ways the
Terminator picks back up on his prey again when it seems they've gotten
away. More substantial is Cameron's social commentary, not to mention
the love story which develops between Reece and Connor. Cameron shoots
on location in Los Angeles at night, capturing the down-to-Earth
reality of homelessness; street hoodlums and the general junk and filth
which litters the streets  making, in the process, a correlation
between the nightmarish ruined LA of the future, where the war is
taking place. The film goes on to use a very clever transitional edit
using a caterpillar track during scene whereby Reece falls asleep and
dreams of the future to reiterate this: utopias do not exist.Digging a little deeper, and analysing some of the franchise's
cod-philosophies to do with destiny; making the future what it is and
not being bound to your fate, may very well reveal one or two more
truths, but that is for the individual viewer. On the whole, and while
I am unsure as to whether there is as much substance here as everybody
seems to remember, "The Terminator" does very little of what it
attempts to do especially badly, and I think that is what propels its
lasting power.
			
One of the most memorable introductions, with his phonetic, computer-
like diction (rarely used) , a most relentless stalker/ killer begins
his search, ominously looking over LA sprawling out in front of him,
from a hilltop. This apparent horror goes into science fiction territory, as we learn
he is a machine sent from the future to kill a girl, and a man has also
been sent to protect her at all costs.The sci-fi and horror elements are balanced with enough intentional
humour, specifically from the police, to whom she goes for protection
when the carnage begins. Film wisely gives the audience time to catch
their breath. But the police are not merely there for comic relief,
they take their job completely serious; it is their interaction with
each other which evokes laughter. Yet they still have no idea what they
have to protect her from, and are hopelessly at a loss when confronted
by it.Calling, yet foreboding music score is a major asset. The metallic
*ting* sound heard throughout the score give the film an industrial/
found object feel, which only compliments the film's tone. Classic and influential; marred only by a dippy, out-of-place love
story subplot, which comes from out of nowhere and makes no sense.
			
Rating-7/10The Terminator, the name emits a kind of weird thought of Arnold
Schwarzenegger or maybe the name John Connor(usually pronounced in an
Austrian accent). Whatever Terminator themed thing that comes to mind,
this film will no doubt leave you feeling well enjoyed and engaged, in
a way that many action films just fail to do. The film is interesting, and again you don't always get that from
action movies but the Sci-fi is good enough to combine with the good
action to make this exciting and very fun. I found this intriguing in a
sense, the story is kind of predictable then also un- predictable at
the same time, and that makes it both humorous yet very serious and the
suspense is well done too. The ending is the best part about this, this
gets better as it goes along and for me the very end is one of the most
exciting moments in this entire movie.You know Arnie is the best remembered actor of this film, but not for
good reason, sure he is good but don't forget about the others here
though. Michael Biehn is firm as Kyle and he makes the serious moments,
just that bit more serious. Linda Hamilton isn't always great here,
probably the weakest of the main "good guys" but she still acts kind of
well, just maybe not the best for a leading actor. The cast is picked
well there is no doubt here but Arnie to be fair is the real memorable
person, he commands his scenes and the lines he is given are at times,
gold.Now James Cameron I do feel is overrated here, I know I know how do I
think he Is overrated but let me get this out straight, although he is
good, as is the film as a whole, I don't think it is a masterpiece. Now
Cameron and Gale Anne Hurd create a script that is solid, and it works
out well, but I do feel his directing can be a little too, well crash
and bang, sometimes scenes get a little too fast and the fighting is
too quick to be seen, although all together as said before, he is good.Why do I think this isn't a masterpiece?, well it comes down to this,
now it is unique it's way of being made however, I watched this years
later, I have been influenced by other films, so maybe to fully love
this, you'd have to go back to 84. I do though, feel this is special,
in a way in which this plot is still to this day, never been re done to
a good quality, and I mean that because Sci-fi films want to emulate
this, but they can't or people will know.The fast pacing of this movie makes this easy to like, and it is
important because again, not so many action films do this well or make
the action fast but well made(but as previously mentioned, not all the
action is seamless). The Special effects are a little crazy at times,
when the movie starts to go to the future, the space ships are insane
and the props are actually kind of funny, of course effects weren't as
good in the 80's so a bit of credit to the team behind.All together though I do find this good and although maybe my rating
doesn't reflect my full opinion on this, it still tells this is a film
nearly everyone likes, even if just a little. It is hard to hate this
movie I admit, I mean I didn't try but finding holes in this is
fruitless, just sit back and enjoy a bit of movie history.
			
I stayed away from this for thirty years but finally got fed up of all
the people absolutely amazed I hadn't seen it and recommending it to me
before it's too late. Well, it's fairly exciting enough as a low budget
sci fi chiller, but does everyone really have to enjoy the same things?
And judging by the music and special effects, in this case it's too
late. Even if I'd seen it at an impressionable age such macho
machinations were never my bag.An impregnable robot sent from 45 years in the way distant future to
kill a woman who will have an important son, and another man from the
future is sent to save herand unwittingly impregnate her too. Busy!
The futuristic '80's music is as cheap, backward and laughable as Blade
Runner's is, they also share a vision of an extremely grim future. The
present is merely cars girls guns and mayhem after all. Schwarzenegger
as the Terminator robot acted totally believably, and when reduced to
the hilarious internal metal frame he acted with even more passion; but
Harryhausen's stop motion skeletons in Jason & The Argonauts were as
kittens in comparison. Made at the butt-end of the olde analogue age I
bet director Cameron wished he could have done a Lucas-like Revision to
it and rebooted it with cgi cartoonery for the special effects instead.
However, the over the top violence was expected and delivered - the
utter childishness of the multiple random killings only proves yet
again to me how valueless some human film makers think other human
beings lives are and therefore the contempt they must hold the
audiences in. But I do realise you don't have to be in the Army to
fight in the War, and most importantly this is mild stuff compared to
nowadays. The film was all I expected, take away the viciousness and
you might have a very good little b film.
			
A strange man comes to the earth from somewhere. We all think he is
crazy, because he does not wear any clothes. He has much power, and
people can't fight against him. Some women are killed by him, and one
lady is being target of him even she does nothing. Is she alright? Who
is going to save her and stop him? This story is very thrilling, but
has some emotional parts. I like the way to show that the strange man
is very strong. He is in good shape, and also does not smile at all.
When I thought of the time that this man comes to the real word, I
could help feeling fearful. However, this happening is never occurred
in this world, so I could enjoy watching the film. On the other hand,
the content is a little bit complicated for me, especially, the
relationships among people. One more thing I was surprised to see is
that there are some grotesque scenes in the film. If you don't want to
see blood or this kind of scenes, I recommend you to close your eyes,
actually I did so. On the whole, it was thrilling, so for me, person
who likes sort of this, it made me enjoy.
			
I'm pretty sure everybody got a clue of what "The Terminator" is about.
The year is 1984, A terminator (Arnold) is sent from the future to
prevent John Connor being borned. John Connor is the leader of those
who fight against the terminators. The terminator's job is then to hunt
down the mother of the leader, Sarah Connor. But then, sent by John
Connor, Kyle Reese. His mission is to protect Sarah from danger.The film is relatively exciting, but somehow i lost the tense and the
excitement when i got deeper into the movie. People have been talking
about it and said it's really good, so i actually thought i was about
to watch a masterpiece.In my opinion, The Terminator is far from a masterpiece, but it's far
from bad too. I mean Arnold did some decent acting, but then again he
does play a robot. And the movie had 'some' Special FX that would even
look good today. When i said 'some' i really mean it. Because most of
the Special FX looks pretty lousy today, but i'm not going to judge the
movie from that.So to conclude this whole "review", if you like. I didn't really feel
the movie. I understand completely how it must have been back in '84.
But i'm living in a society where the audience demands are pretty high.
So with all this concluded i can simply say that Terminator isn't a bad
movie, but it isn't that great either. But it gives a pretty good
picture of the future i guess.7/10 A good, not great, not excellent, but a good SCI-FI picture...
			
The Terminator (1984)I just saw this first Terminator movie in 2014 for the third time, and
I expected something more, and different from it. Naturally, the
surprise is gone, and I think the plot idea is maybe the strongest
point to the whole movie. The movie is directed with panache, for
surethe effects, the action, the deliberate lack of depth, the epic
glossy wow of it all. But it's not a rich movie, it doesn't have
depths, it frankly lacks enough to make a second or third viewing worth
the trouble. Unless, of course, you are already invested and committed
to it for personal reasons.The first shot, very early in the movie, when the naked Schwarzenegger
appears crouched in the urban night, is archetypal and terrific. And
then he moves and interacts (still naked, though you don't see that)
and the comic element is in place. And here we have the movie, both
profound to the point of being moved, and kitschy and puerile, too.
It's sort of meant to be a accessible and direct, and that makes it a
great first viewing. The plot is certainly loaded with big (huge)
twists and mind-bending ideas. And we want so much for right to triumph
over evil. You have to ask eventually about the acting. Maybe we need a stiff
automaton in the role of the robotic machine that is known as the
"terminator" (a cyborg). So the future governor of California is off
the hook. But the other main lead, the woman known so well as Sarah
Connor, is a so-so actress. No way around the plain approach she has to
being a regular girl caught up in the largest story possible. The other
time-traveller, a human played by Michael Biehn, is pure nuts and bolts
stuff, too. In fact, it's hard to really love any of the performances,
except maybe the police chief. All of this boils down to a movie that scores very high on concept and
on the basic effects. This is what drives it to stardom. But leave it
at that. Love it for what it is, plain and simple. James Cameron, the
lauded and wealthy director in charge, is no genius here, but is very
very able. That's a back-handed compliment, for sure. But lovers of
Kubrick or Ridley Scott know what I mean.A re-alignment of the stars for this one. Over time.
			
No-one is going to deny that there is a lot of excitement and fun to be
had here, but there are gaping plot holes ( a time travel plot will do
that I suppose) and some pretty terrible writing. ("In the short time
we had together we loved enough for a lifetime" is one notable stinker)
But can we mention a couple of things.1) The soundtrack. Surely the least effective collection of '80's
synthesiser sounds trying to sound portentious ever recorded. Really a
shocker. It clanks and plonks along with little connection to what's
happening on screen and sounding like it was recorded in a barn.
Horrible.2) Who was responsible for Linda Hamilton's hair? Sure it was the '80s,
but seriously her hair looks like something a cocker spaniel might
reject. And then it gets messed up and she gets it redone in the same
style, just to prove it was deliberate. There's no excuse.3) The special effects... yes, I know the movie was done on the same
amount as the catering budget Cameron used for Avatar, but even so,
those effects where Arnie is pulling out his eyeball are a nonsense,
they must be the least effective pipe bombs in history and the metal
skeleton at the end - well, don't get me started on the metal skeleton.
Ray Harryhausen could make an army of skeletons look believable and
even charming in Jason and the Argonauts, but this thing is pretty damn
lame.I suspect that when people say "I love the Terminator movies", what
they really mean is "I love Terminator 2" - a rip snorter, exciting,
innovative movie. If ever there was a movie series that came into its
own with the sequel it's this one.
			
Is it heresy to suggest that The Terminator may be a tad overrated?
That perhaps fans who so love the whole Terminator saga and mythology
remember the original film as being a little better than it actually
was? This low budget sci-fi action thriller is certainly an enjoyable
film. And considering the franchise it spawned and all the other films
it so obviously influenced it's also an important film. But does that
necessarily make it a truly great film? Probably not. It's a good film,
very good in spots, but there are enough things holding it back to
leave it a touch shy of greatness.By now most everyone knows the film's story so a plot rehash seems
rather unnecessary. In a nutshell a cyborg Terminator is sent back from
the future to kill Sarah Connor, the mother of the as yet unborn human
resistance leader who in that post-apocalyptic future will lead the
fight against the machines which seek to exterminate humanity.
Convoluted? You bet. Of course the Terminator has not come from the
future alone. Human resistance fighter Kyle Reese has been sent back to
protect Sarah. He must stop the unstoppable Terminator. Good luck with
that. Shootouts and car chases and explosions ensue. Plot? Story?
Dialogue? Sorry, don't have much for you here. But have I mentioned the
explosions? Everyone likes seeing things get blown up right?As I've implied, after the story initially sets itself up there really
isn't much of a story at all. The whole movie is one big chase.
Certainly there are moments of great excitement but in between the big
moments...well there's often not much. At times things are rather
sluggish. But there's enough good stuff here to make this at least an
enjoyable flick if not some kind of all-time classic film. Of course
there are some very memorable characters starting with the Terminator
himself (itself?), played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. As a stiff,
robotic, inhuman, largely mute killing machine Schwarzenegger's
perfect. I'm not sure if that says much for Schwarzenegger's acting
ability but for this role in this movie who could be better? The
Terminator doesn't have much to say but whenever he does speak you
remember it. Seriously, it seems every line Arnold speaks in the movie
turned into a catchphrase. Sarah Connor is a character who undergoes a
serious evolution in the course of the film and Linda Hamilton portrays
that wonderfully. From the sweet, innocent girl at the film's beginning
to something else entirely by film's end Hamilton traces the
character's journey terrifically. Schwarzenegger and Hamilton are
remembered best but it may actually be Michael Biehn who gives the best
performance of all as Kyle Reese. It is left to his character to
explain to Sarah, and by extension to us, what the heck this movie is
actually about. No small task that, making a truly preposterous,
unbelievable story sound convincing. Now if you stop and think about
that story you will realize there are plot holes large enough to drive
an exploding tanker truck through. Time travel stories have their own
peculiar issues. Paradoxes and all that. And this film's got a doozy of
a paradox. So don't think about it. Just enjoy the movie for what it
is. Even if it's not truly as great as it is generally remembered to be
what it is ain't bad at all.
			
The allusion to Terminator 2 happened in Terminator 1. In Terminator 1
there is the Terminator killing over 15 police officers.Little did I realize that all of this killing was a diversion for the
Terminator's main mission...to put to death Sarah Connor.The big climax of course was the big piece of what this movie was all
about. The chase scene between the young soldier and Sarah Connor and
the stalking Terminator.And that young soldier who threw nitroglycerin bombs at the Terminator
during the chase scene was vulnerable. Every time the bombs blew up,
the Terminator found a way to evade them.Well, the young soldier wins a partial victory against the Terminator's
stalking of Sarah Connor, putting one nitro bomb on the Terminator's
body. The Terminator blows up when the bomb detonates but the young
soldier, sadly, immediately dies from blunt force trauma from the
Terminator's roundhouse punch to the soldier's head before the soldier
planted the bomb into the Terminator.The blast leaves the Terminator only in a bare endoskeleton with only
his face, arms and torso intact (the legs were completely gone), and
you think he's gone? No. He comes back meaner and treacherous than
ever, as he entraps Sarah Connor. But Sarah Connor knows what to do.
The Terminator doesn't know about a crushing hydraulic press...only
about killing Sarah. The Terminator's hand extends to Sarah's neck, but
Sarah escapes eventual doom by pressing the red button to set off the
hydraulic press. The Terminator has no escape....he gets crushed to death by the press
in about 20 seconds...and never to return to life again.
			
I was Quite Impressed with this first entry to the terminator series,
the story and characters were well done and the action was satisfied
me. The creation of the terminator is so great now and will be
remembered for a long time. Though only a few things disappointed me
with this one, i wasn't really impressed by kyle Reece's character i
just never really got into him and Sarah was OK but she didn't really
impress me either but she really really improved on that in the second
one...but this was a great entry into the terminator franchise and i
was quite impressed. The Action was a bit dismal but it worked for me
but the story was the main part that i was impressed by.
			
Okay, so "The Terminator" wasn't any kind of masterpiece. But it did
have an interesting premise, that a machine (Arnold Schwarzenegger)
gets sent back in time to kill the mother of the future resistance
leader. Admittedly, it seems a little far-fetched that Sarah Connor
(Linda Hamilton) only has this boy because Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn)
gets sent back in time to protect her. But it's just a movie, people!
True, if Ah-nuld had murdered the mother, then there never would have
been a resistance leader to begin with, and the government wouldn't
have seen any reason to send him back in time. But you can't dwell on
that stuff. Just sit back and watch the action. As it is, I actually
liked "T2" better, mainly because the mother was a bad-ass in that one.
			
"The Terminator" is director James Cameron's big ticket into the world
of film, and rightfully so. He's put together an interesting, partly
paranoid, gritty survival Sci-Fi Action mesh that ought to be rated
highly given the apparent modest budget. While lead actress Linda
Hamilton's gives a soft and maybe somewhat uneven performance, Cameron
scores largely due to choosing Schwarzenegger for the lead villain. An
article states Cameron was against casting Arnold initially, but the
planned rejection-meeting changed and reversed his mind, and the rest
is history. The action in the movie fairly competent. Perhaps the most
interesting aspect is the back-story which is a great setup and give
the movie some depth. Rewatching it, I hadn't seen in it in 15 years,
but it is still a good watch minus the scene-cutover music which
doesn't stand the test of time and makes and dates it sounding circus-
like and cartoonish. You can forgive this though. Note Michael Biehn
does solid job in supporting role. Recommended Sci-Fi, and certainly
for Arnie fans -- 7/10.
			
The Terminator is a classic - but does that mean it's a great movie?
Let's talk about that.In its essence, this story is about the Terminator. Not Sarah or Kyle,
but the the "I'll be back" cyborg that never gives up trying to kill
our protagonists. That's mainly how this film still holds up. Because
honestly, if Arnold's performance wasn't a part of this film, would it
still be the classic it's considered today?While the film is good, there is one noticeable issue: We get the sense
early on that our actors here, well, aren't the greatest actors. And
that's to be understood; this was in fact a B movie. It was Arnold's
second "movie" role of all time. This definitely detracts from certain
scenes, though, and is not hard to miss.There are moments, too, that seem to drag on with no greater purpose to
the story, and that could have been filled with more meaning. They are
far and between, however.All in all, if you can get past the blatantly fake robot terminator
special effects, and the not so subtle fake terminator mask Mr.
Schwarzenegger sports through a generous amount of the movie, it really
is a very enjoyable action experience that will have you on the edge of
your seat - most of the time.
			
By the look of the title you'd think I'm in some way disappointed about
this movie. I'm actually not, but like the title says- the movie had
some mistakes that could've been fixed if they would've maybe re- write
the script or change something in the movie, nothing major or huge but
still pretty important issues. Now let's move to the ''why this movie's
awesome'' section: The action is truly great, the dialog is also great,
Arnold is epic and brilliant, Linda Hamilton as Sarah Connor was
excellent and the story is original and great. Now the ''why this
movie's not fantastic'' section: The way the story was told wasn't
great, I felt like it could've been told better, Michael Beihn wasn't
as good as I was hoping he would be, the romance part between Sarah and
Kyle didn't work in my opinion... The thing that bothered me the most
was that the first half of the film wasn't explained to the audience
until THE VERY NEXT HALF. I was a bit confused over what was going on
in the first half of the movie that I didn't get any explanation just
the the second half, which is my biggest problem in this film. No
matter how cool or great the first half is, if you don't explain the
audience what's going on and why- they'll be confused for a long time
and it's very bad if this happens. Overall, it still is a great film,
definitely worth checking out if you're a fan of Sci-Fi/Action, or just
a fan of Arnold.
			
Title: The Terminator Condensed Storyline: A robot assassin is sent back in time to kill the
mother of a future resistance leader Notable Acting: This movie had a great cast of actors who would be
known for this movie for the rest of their careers. The secondary
character were also great and added to the story as a good secondary
character should. Noticeable Camera work: I do not need to say that there will be no
interesting or unique shots in this movie, mainly because it is an 80's
movie and movies weren't all too interested in showing us their ability
to use their camera in unique ways until the 2000s Costume: The actor playing the Terminator may not blend in, but his
punk clothing sure does blend into the punk sceneIncorrect Science: The Terminator buys an automatic Uzi at one point. I
may be from a country which has a choke hold on owning firearms, but I
know that fully automatic weapons are illegal in America and that any
gun store selling fully automatic weapons wouldn't have them up on a
wall. The paradox of Kyle being John's father along with the clich of
the woman getting pregnant after the first time they've had sex (I know
it's possible, but it's still a clich) Kyle points out that
Terminators are suppose to blend in, this doesn't work when you have a
body builder with a thick foreign accent playing the role. "Only living
things can go through the teleporter" This works good for this movie,
but not for the second movie when the Terminator is liquid metal with
no skin.Overall Feel: This is the movie which elevated the knowledge of its
main actors, before this movie only a hand full of people would know
Arnold as he played Conan a couple years before, it is a similar story
for the other two main actors. But this movie made their names known.
Sadly I cannot say that this movie is my favourite, as that goes to
Terminator 2, but this was the movie that set the wheels in motion for
the franchise. The idea for the Terminator was actually take from a
book outside of the franchise which also involved time travel
assassinations and was credited.
			
This movie, like Die Hard, was one of the films I simply did not watch
growing up. I was born in the era, but for some reason or another
didn't find the urge to give in. That is until 2011.Though I thought it was good, I'm not quite sure Terminator lived up to
its reputation. I mean, the stop-motion special effects disappointed me
and the lack of action in the beginning was a little off-putting. Also,
the storyline seemed to stretch a little bit. But I guess that happens
when you deal with a time travel in a movie. It takes a little extra
concentration to get everything straight.I did, however, enjoy most of the film. The action scenes were
well-choreographed and the tension was high during the Terminators'
ruthless massacre. The acting was above average and the dialog was
nothing special, but good.All-in-all, The Terminator wasn't a masterpiece but it was
entertaining...and that's all you can ask for I guess. I hear the
second installation released in 1991 is much better. And oh yeah, I've
since seen Die Hard.
			

The Terminator was a really good start with some really goodactors, and a good story line. A very good film from Cameron. Thecar chase scene where Reese saves Sarah at first was really fun!Michael Beihn was a good start and played the first protector partreally well. Schrwarzenegger was (BUFF) I mean huge, and good!A very good movie!
			

This movie is just ok. Its not James Cameron's best effort but its not his
worst. His worst is by far Titanic. Arnold Schwarzenneger is definitely not
a good bad guy. He is just awful as a bad Terminator. This movie is
sometimes boring but there is a really awesome scene at the end of the
movie.
			
The Terminator was a good movie but it was not great it was more of a
average film though the direction done by Cameroon was good but it was
somewhat boring at some places.The acting was good and the tech shown in the movie was good Arnie was
good as a Villain but not great the supporting actors were just OK.The concept is good but I think that the sequel wants more work to
outdo this one I liked it but I think it has to come with more weapons
more techs after all it's a Robotic movie man.They had tried hard to make this good and I appreciate them at some
places but I really don't like the chemistry between Kyle and Sarah the
bonding between future and past come on!! It showed the son has sent
his father gimme a break man.Show more Robotics and action and
concentrate on your concept.It was forgettable but OK quite a entertainment only because of Arnie.Arnie rocks !!!
			
Here's another film from the '80s that is reaching "classic" status.
Unlike some of the other popular movies of its day, this one had two
sequels that both were successful, particularly the second. In
retrospect, what makes this "Terminator" different is that Arnold
Schwarzenegger was the villain, not the hero, as he was in the other
Terminator movies.Here, Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton are the "good guys." The now
famous phrase by Arnold, "I'll be back." comes from this film.
Hamilton, meanwhile, also was different, with a shapely figure and a
fairly nice person, unlike the ultra-thin and coarse woman she was in
the first sequel.Played mostly for violence and special effects, the film is a bit rough
and sleazy in parts but certainly was popular because, like most of
Arnold's film, it flat-out entertains.
			

I don't like action movies generally, and had to be coaxed into seeing this
one by a friend.  It was a major and pleasant surprise to me, and I left it
with questions beyond the scope of the film, which always happens with the
ones I really like (ie, Did John know who Reese was/would be when he sent
him?).  Most of all, I left it a Michael Biehn fan; he is great in this
movie. 
			
Being a pre-teen back in 1984, it was inevitable not to get familiar
with all the action movies of the 1980's. And the 1984 "The Terminator"
starring none other than Arnold Schwarzenegger definitely was one of
the biggest action movies of the mid-Eighties.I am very sure that everyone is familiar with the "Terminator"
franchise and the plans of Skynet. But for those of you not yet
familiar with the franchise, this 1984 movie, which started it all, is
about a cyborg (played by Arnold Schwarzenegger) sent from 2029 back in
time to 1984 where his mission is to terminate Sarah Connor (played by
Linda Hamilton), whose unborn son will lead humanity in a war against
the machines. But the humans of 2029 has managed to send back a single
soldier (played by Michael Biehn) to prevent this from happening.There, essentially the entire story wrapped up with a handful of words.
Despite its simplicity, then there are layers underneath the storyline
which adds lots of flavor and detail to the story and the universe of
the "Terminator" franchise. Things which will come to be realized and
utilized in the later movies.For a 1984 action movie then "The Terminator" was just off the charts.
It had great special effects, heaps of non-stop action, and best of all
it had Schwarzenegger. It has all the ingredients that a good action
movie need in order to be successful. And you must agree that the
"Terminator" franchise has been successful throughout the years since
1984.Director James Cameron does what he does best here, and that is putting
together a riveting action movie that grabs the audience by the
you-know-whats and doesn't let go before the end credits start rolling.
James Cameron really has a talent for memorable action movies.The cast in "The Terminator" also really had a lot of credit due for
the success of the movie. Anything that Arnold Schwarzenegger touched
in the mid-Eighties was bound to be an action success. And alongside
him in this 1984 movie stood Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton, both of
whom put on equally good performances and held the level of
Schwarzenegger formidably."The Terminator" is one of those types of action movies that never grow
old. Sure certain effects are hopelessly outdated by what Hollywood
dish out today, but they were really great back in 1984. And the
effects do serve their purpose well enough, especially given that this
movie is driven by a mixture of story, character and effects.Lots of action and lots of one-liners, "The Terminator" is an
entertaining movie that is well-worth spending 107 minutes on watching.
			
I liked the 1st Terminator movie because of the plot of the movie. I
also liked the idea of the Terminator going back in time was a very
good idea in my mind. The gun-fighting scenes are good as well. I liked
every single fight in the Movie. I especially liked the "Cyborg sent
back in time" part and the "saving the world" part. I enjoyed the movie
quite a bit because of that. The only bad thing was the end. But i
enjoyed that too. There were some bad spots what i didn't like hence
the 8/10. The movie overall was quite good. The aspect of the Movie was
extrorinary. The plot was amazing, the way the movie was acted out was
good, so i can't really say i didn't enjoy it a lot.
			
This was one of those early movies that drew me in to the world of
Hollywood. Of course, when I first watched it, I didn't have much idea
about what went behind the scenes when making this movie. But now that
I do, my respect for this movie has grown tremendously given what it
was able to accomplish on such a low budget with such a small set of
characters making what could have easily been a B-movie in the wrong
hands seem like a solid sci-fi story ending with an epic feeling of the
things to follow.The movie begins with what is possibly one of the coolest title cards
for a 1980s flick with Brad Fiedel's iconic Terminator theme playing in
the background as the cast is listed in the form of messages displayed
from a computer terminal. This is followed by the Terminator and the
human making their appearances from the future into our present,
gathering clothes and weapons and heading out in their own respective
ways in the search for Sarah Connor, a teenage girl part-timing as a
waitress upon whose survival rests humanity's future as both she and us
learn later. What follows is a cat and mouse game where the human goes
all out to protect her and the Terminator is all out to get her and it
won't stop, literally right till the end.What separates this movie (and its immediate sequel) from the "other"
sequels is James Cameron's balancing act who, much like Spielberg,
allows the story to take center-stage and drive everything else and has
perfect control over the length of sequences, edits, camera cuts and
angles. 10 minutes into the movie and you're in, drawn to this world,
completely forgetting that the futuristic crafts and landscapes are
miniatures with absolutely no chance of being drawn out of this world.
While I didn't find the characters to be groundbreaking or as
interesting as in other dramas, the plot was extremely well constructed
and allowed for some really cool paradoxes that would make for some
interesting discussion (would John Conner even exist if he hadn't sent
Kyle back in time).The effects deserve special mention too. It is incredible how much Stan
Winston's crew and Fantasy II were able to achieve at the time. All the
futuristic scenes, the sequence with the Terminator treating his
injuries, the chase sequences and the entire ambitious final act all
work and some of them still hold up three decades later. And Brad
Fiedel's theme gives me goosebumps every time I hear it, as if
signaling an impending apocalypse.All the actors do well in their respective roles, particularly Arnold
who shines in a part that seemed almost tailor made to suit his acting
capabilities. But it is Cameron who is truly the star of this endeavor,
believing in his project and driving it to execution. Thank God for the
success of this movie, which gave us many more masterpieces by Cameron.
But then, it was entirely deserving of it. A sci-fi tech-noir classic.Overall Score: 8.0 / 10.0
			
In the year 2029, the ruling super-computer Skynet, sends an
indestructible cyborg back in time to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor before
she can fulfill her destiny and save mankind.This film starred: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton & Michael
Biehn.THE TERMINATOR was released in 1984 and was directed by James Cameron
and it is still recognised as one of the best sci-fi films of all time
30 years after it's release.In my opinion THE TERMINATOR is a quality film, however I do prefer
TERMINATOR 2 to this original even though this is very good, the sequel
is one of my favourite films. When you start watching this film the 1
hour 47 minutes running time flies by and before you know it the end
credits is up on your screen. I highly recommend this film to all you
SCHWARZENEGGER fans.****/***** Very Good
			
Arnold Schwartzenegger is the terminator, a cyborg sent to kill Sarah
Connor(Linda Hamilton). The science fiction element is time travel with
Arnie attempting to change the future by eliminating the mother of a
leader of a resistance force against evil machines wishing to take over
the world. James Cameron lets the full throttle action tell the story as the
terminator has very few lines of dialog. Most of plot is constant car
and motorcycle chases and large explosions, but hey this ain't
Shakespeare, so just grab some popcorn, sit back and wait for the
immortal "I'll be Back," delivered with such dead pan force by
Schwarzenegger that I have to admit that the terminator is definitely a
guilty pleasure.
			

i like the terminator better than the second one. a lot ofpeople like the second the best. the second one is a 
big-budget movie thats less entertaining than this one. ijust think it's more entertaining to see a human vs. robotthan a robot vs. robot. it's way more interesting to seewhat a human will come up with against a robot than what arobot will come up against another robot. plus the storyto the first terminator is more interesting and less 
confusing than the second one. all in all the terminatoris a thrill ride. i give the terminator *** out of ****
			

This is one of the FEW Sci-Fi movies I have watched over and over and over
and (you get the point (others like it are CONTACT))... Although the plot
is
highly unrealistic (at least I think so), it makes you think "Do we
entrust
computers with too much? Should we make them so "smart" that they can do
most stuff for us?" This is one of the movies where I am impressed with
Arnold... He plays his role almost PERFECT (hardly any lines, just a cold,
rutheless killing-machine). And Linda plays her role exelently
too.The movies has a lot of everything needed for a good action flick: lots of
action, lots of explosions and lots of chasing/stalking (and a tad of
love),
but it manages to balance in the grey area between too much and too
little,
making this a true masterpiece.The story of a world overrun by 'borgs, using the few remaining "fleshies"
as slaves can easily get boring, but this movie keeps the excitement up
from
beginning 'till end... (Not too gory to watch with your girlfriend, but
not
too lovey-gooey to watch with the guys (have you seen 5-6 guys gathering
for
a night of a few beers, some pizza and Titanic?))There aren't many movies like this one...
			

And will probably not be accepted in today's harshing-by-the-minute
counter-violence standards.
It tells the story of a Terminator coming from 2029 to kill the Sarah
Connor, mother of John Conner, the leader of the resistance to prevent him
from ever being born.
The resistance also sends someone through time to protect Sarah and a hunt
ensues across LA.This movie is a straight action with a little love story that develops
between Kyle, the protector, and Sarah, the protectee.
It involves a lot of shooting, killing, maiming and ferocious and
disgustingly
beautiful scenes (The one where the Terminator fixes his hand and eye
using
scalpel).It has almost no element of drama, feeling and very little humor so I
don't
really know why I liked it, but I did.
This movie is not for everyone, it should only be viewed by the
action-freaks, disgust-lovers and the mature in mind with absolutley
nothing
to do.That's about it, too bad I can't get any good quotes out of this movie,
all
of the best ones are from the sequel, so go see that one
too.
			

Oh what one man can do with his toys.....From score to
visuals
to action & suspense to entertainment!  This one's a monster that would
give
any B-movie and  economically bloated "blockbuster" a run for its
flesh.
			

A machine from the future is sent back to the year 1984 to kill a
woman,but
a soldier is sent back to protect her.Awesome science fiction features a
great performance from Arnold,and the romantic subplot is
great.Rating:****1/2 (out of five)  
			
It was interesting upon viewing this movie for the 5th time while
keeping in mind the struggles that California was going through when
Arnold first took office. I saw Sarah Connor as a Gray Davis figure,
one who was unfairly hunted down by powerful enemies, for reasons out
of her control. If you recall Gray Davis was the very unpopular
governor of California during the electricity crisis in 2000 and 2001.
He was unfairly blamed for the rolling blackouts in the state, when in
fact Enron was to blame because they had a stranglehold on the power
plants and were shutting them down, creating excess demand while
diminishing the supply.The Terminator is Enron, a seemingly unstoppable force hellbent on the
destruction of its enemies. Like Enron, The Terminator does not play by
the rules; it does anything it can to complete its objective.But the powerful always fall. Enron flew too close to the sun and
disintegrated when they could not keep up the facade any longer. The
Terminator was destroyed when Sarah Connor lured him into a mechanical
press. Although both Enron and The Terminator was defeated, the threat
they posed still lingers. Corporate greed is still prevalent, as
evidenced by the 2008 financial crisis. Banks and other financial
institutions laid waste to the global economy, without sympathy for
those whose lives they destroyed. The Terminator is a product of a
future, possibly created by another, much more severe financial crisis
that is looming over us. Terminators lay waste to everything,
destroying the world and making it practically uninhabitable. If we do
not learn from our mistakes, and continue to allow corporate greed to
permeate throughout our society, big banks and the financial wizards of
Wall Street will destroy this society without a second thought.
Short-term profits always win out, without any regard for long-term
sustainability.
			
'THE TERMINATOR' was directed by James Cameron and stars Arnold
Schwartzeneger, Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn. In the not too
distant future, the machine have taken over out world and set out to
exterminate the human race. The machines send back The
Terminator(Arnold Schwartzenger), a cyborg killing machine with one
objective: Eliminate Sarah Connor(Linda Hamilton). Rebellion leader,
John Connor, sends back Kyle Reese(Michael Biehn) to protect Sarah and
defeat The Terminator once and for all!This movie is awesome. Do I think it's the greatest action or
science-fiction movie of all time? God no. It's fantastic for what it
is but I don't believe that it is a masterpiece. Needless to say, the
acting and action is superb. I mean it is pretty close to perfect in
some areas. Cameron's world building is incredible and he is a master
at drawing the audience into his world. This movie is fantastic and I
highly recommend you see it.The story is great and very well written. Cameron is seriously a genius
at world building and is very in depth at describing this world. That
is also one of the movie's downfalls. This in depth world building
required a lot of exposition and that doesn't work towards the movie's
favour. Obviously a lot of exposition was needed for a new IP of this
scale but everything can be toned down a bit and condensed and that is
what I wish happened here. The climax is fantastic and possibly one of
the best ever put to film. I wont spoil it for anyone who hasn't
watched it but I can assure you it is awesome. I wasn't too impressed
by the ending because I predicted it but if you were, I wont take that
away from you. It's a good ending I just saw it coming.Schwarzenegger is cold, calculating and ruthless. I love it. The
Terminator is one of the greatest antagonists in movie history and
nothing can take that title away from him. The fact that he is
relentless is terrifying and Schwarzenegger really sells that side of
the character. Truly a masterclass of character creation.Linda Hamilton was great as Sarah Connor and I really bought her arc
from the beginning of the movie to the end. She starts as a bumbling
waitress with a lot to live up to but slowly evolves into that legend
and that is mostly down to Hamilton's awesome performance. She was the
80s Ripley. That is probably the best way of putting it.Michael Biehn was surprisingly great as Kyle Reese. The point of his
character was primarily to deliver exposition to the audience which
isn't exactly great character work but aside from that he's an
interesting human being that has a fascinating background that isn't
really explained but is clear through Biehn's brilliant performance.Technically speaking, this is a very well done movie. Aside from one
messy semi-action sequence in the middle, I was very pleased with how
the movie was shot and edited. The lighting is fantastic. Costume
design is great. Set design is fantastic. The visual effects in this
movie are mind-blowing and all effects used on The Terminator should be
retroactively awarded an Oscar.It is also one of the most quotable movies in history. 'Come with me if
you want to live' and 'I'll be back' are arguably two of the greatest
lines of dialogue ever uttered on screen. The quote 'Listen, and
understand. That terminator is out there, it cant be bargained with, it
cant be reasoned with, it doesn't feel pity or remorse or fear, and it
absolutely will not stop...EVER, until you are dead!' is one of my
favourite lines of dialogue in film history and is truly the definition
of perfection. It gives me chills whenever I hear it and is a work of
art as far as writing goes.Brad Fiedel's score for this movie is awesome and I absolutely treasure
the score that signals impending doom from The Terminator. It is
fantastic and I cannot praise that score any more. It is brilliant and
I absolutely adore it.The action is awesome in this movie. The car chase scene, the police
station sequence, the masterpiece that is the climax; these are all
truly great scenes that elevate this movie above the rest. They lack
the fun aspect that most other action movie's possess but that doesn't
make it any less awesome.I cannot recommend this movie enough. Comparing the tone of this review
and the rating may imply that my rating was too harsh but the flaws I
mentioned earlier on are my only genuine flaws with this movie. I
cannot flaw this movie any more and it is truly excellent. I highly
recommend you see this movie. I'll rate it 8 'I'LL BE BACKS' out of 10.
			
Glorified original movie, with color and energy, adrenaline racing,
this '84 blockbuster was, where all actors were at the top of their,
Arnie of course, most of all, where Biehn is great as the guy, sent
back in time to save Sarah Connor (Hamilton) from termination, by our
favorite robot/terminator. See, she's gonna have a baby, that'll grow
up and lead the resistance, against bad forces and Armageddon. This is
a cool fast moving flick from start to finish, and never lacks, or
loses grip of it's story. It's script has a beautiful flow, of great
action and unforgettable scenes that will stay implanted in your mind
forever. Going to see this as a teen, was one of the greatest movie
experiences I had. It's wonderfully shot, every scene , and for people
who want to see Arnie at the top his game in the acting circuit, this
is the flick to see. Must see entertainment and a bucket list movie.
Jot it down, before you leave this world. The heart pounding score is
fantastic in this, just adding it's frightening ride.
			
I had only seen Avatar and Titanic when I, watching TV found True Lies.
It was a great spy film and I enjoyed it. The next day I watched
Titanic, as excellent as ever. Then I thought about watching other
James Cameron films. He s definitely a genius and while waiting for Avatar 2, I watched The
Terminator, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. The basic idea of the film
is that in the future most of humanity has been wiped out by machines.
A brave man named John leads the human resistance against the machines.
Machines are nearly wiped out, when they send the Terminator, an almost
unstoppable cyborg back in time with one goal:murder Sarah , the future
mother of John. By doing so, humans would already be wiped out.
However, a human called Kyle Reese is also transported back in time to
save Sarah. The film is great and I enjoyed it.
			
Some may say, "come on, you're kidding", but the truth is, aside from
time travel, everything this movie predicted is coming true
technology-wise. Robots, AI, drones, the internet, etc.
Skynet...Google? It could actually happen.That, aside from Arnold and its totally solid plot and action, is why
this movie and (some of) its sequels became so successful. It is almost
entirely possible that this could happen. Having watched a lot of sci-fi, I can't think of anything else that
predicted this accurately what kinds of technology would be developed
in the future. Aside from that, the movie is kind of a standard thriller with a killer
on the loose, but it's done very well. The budget may have been a
little bit thin, but the premise and execution by James Cameron are
excellent. This is his best movie, before he got pretentious.
			
We, humans, have imagined for centuries who the world would be in the
future. This is one of the most usual setting for science fiction and
the most common of that variety is the post-apocalyptic future, in
which all things more or less goes to hell and humans have to survive
in the wreckage of our fallen civilization. Now there have been many
interpretations of that kid over the years in books, television series,
comic books and most prominently in films. Now Terminator isn't the first science fiction film in a post
apocalyptic world, far from it there have been dozens of them with some
of the most well known up to its opening in 1984 be Logan's Run, Silent
Running, Soylent Green, Blade Runner and Time Machine (1960). So what
made to stand out of the crown?First it is the story ,which goes like this, in the future machines
have rise up and we are in a war against them for survivor and
dominance of the planet. During it Machines send back in time a robot,
made to look like a human, a Terminator in order to kill Sarah Connor
the mother of the leader of the resistance Jon, before she gives birth
to him. For that the Resistance send also a human back to the same date
in order to prevent the robot from its goal!The story was one of the most original at the time for it made a
revolutionary change to the Post Apocalypse: use time travel as a
weapon, back in 1984 this idea was ground breaking for none have though
up to that point "Why not kill the future at its root?. One other thing
that was added was hardcore action in the mix and the result was so
successful that after this flick many movies and comic books were
written using this style, with 12 Monkeys and X-men Days of Future Past
been just two examples.In short the movie rocks, the action rocks , the effects are awesome
,apart from one scene and I think that was the first movie to make the
Predestination Paradox famous. Also the fact that from 1984 and beyond
robot killing machine look much more threatening doesn't hurt either
for before 1984 all robot looked like radios on legs!If you haven't seen it ,do it and if you believe that Terminator
Genisys was a shame to the Terminator Logo ,we are on the same side!!
			
The Terminator is considered a breakthrough among the movies of its
gender and it's undeniable that James Cameron has changed how the
action movies were made with this film. The apprehension, the awareness
as the terminator is getting closer to his objective, is really
exciting and as the movie goes on, it only gets better. The visual
effects, particularly the makeup used in Arnold Schwarzenegger to
reveal some parts of the robotic skeleton beneath the human-tissue, are
surprisingly good. The CGI, even being from the 80's so you can rapidly
notice when the chroma key is being used, are fine and work very fine
to me.Arnold Schwarzenegger as the terminator was really good, his gestures
interpreting a robot managed to portray something without feelings
through the lack of changes in facial expression regardless of what is
happening, who has a single purpose and will not stop until achieve it.
One of his iconic lines is firstly said in this movie. Linda Hamilton
and Michael Biehn succeeded in making a remarkable performance that
until now they have influence in the others who portray these
characters in more recent movies. One aspect to be noticed is the
stalking feeling, fear and powerlessness which Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton) and Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) feel around them, having an
almost indestructible creature looking for them.
			
This is the first successful debut of Cameron as director. And he did
it really nice. I am personally a man of movie taste, that really likes
originality as the basic aspect. In this year (2010's), however, there
are so many copycats in cinema. The rebirth of idea, is so rotten, that
even the visual-effects is brand-new, the story is unpleasantly same. I
just can't watch movie like that. Fortunately, I've found the era of
idea treasure, it was in 1980's, the new beginning of action and
science fiction. "The Terminator", is one of the first notable movie
that defines its decade. It is somehow full of explosion, but still pay
attention in its screenplay. Yeah, I know that the acting is not that
good, but just be honest, the robot's acting, good or bad it is always
the same. Don't mind the acting from the robot character, at least for
this movie. A little awkward act don't break the entire movie, but
there are other reasons that make it worth eight out of ten. My general
statement for this film is astonishingly creative from the screenplay
until the editing, mind the acting.Usually, it's hard to make something new even in the movie, and it is
harder to be accepted by the general audience. But, I think it is just
came at the exact time. From the time-line of cinema we know that "Star
Wars" and "Alien" have started the trend of science fiction in the late
1970's. But, the firework of this genre is begin in 1980's, when there
are so many "scientific" creature that starred the movie. From robot,
UFO, alien, etc. So do the action-genre, it also began in 1980's,
"Raiders of The Lost Ark" hit the movie-lovers with not so familiar
genre. It can be concluded that "The Terminator" came at the right
time. When the hype of all the trend is high, it released as one of the
science fiction node. Just think, everyone, no matter who, must have
been heard about this movie. It's just another effect of the trend.
Even until now, they keep airing this movie over and over. Just for
introduce the original-sequel of epic fiction.Let's talk about the movie itself. Don't worry, it's still human
enough. Of all, the science fiction aspect I just love the future-
fairy-tale spoken by future human. And, the unaccepted story by the
nowadays human, that's all I mean in that movie. The feeling of being
alone in the world, trapped in another world that nobody would care of
you. Yeah, that pain only available in story, or in reality if we truly
experienced it. The action is so incredible, society realizes another
kind of suspense, the fast scene with so many explosion. That's the
modern suspense. With the climax in the end of the movie and obvious
yet unbeatable enemy, just other classic aspects of "The Terminator".
In fact, it's the Cameron style to provide such a splendid cinema
experience, that I think everyone would sit and watch until the movie
is ended. Brilliant directing skill in middle era of cinema.Nevertheless, it is the birth of machine-fiction. I just admire the
very idea, combined with technical aspects, this movie is nothing but
pleasantly-sharp.
			
James Cameron's The Terminator is an excellent of a start to an epic
sci-fi saga. The Terminator is Cameron's first major film, and he
couldn't of done any better. The Terminator is an all-around better
sci-fi action film equipped with great direction, brilliant
storytelling, and high caliber acting from Linda Hamilton, Michael
Biehn, and, of course, Arnold. Arnold. Arnold. That's right, use your
Austrian accent. Arnold. I love, Arnold. Arnold, Schwarzenegger was the
strongest selection on planet Earth to become the Terminator. Arnold is
the Terminator. The Terminator launches Schwarzenegger's career into
unprecedented superstardom. The Terminator is Schwarzenegger's most
iconic role. "I'll be back." Linda Hamilton, too, is literally the best
woman in the world to be Sarah Conner. She was born to play Sarah, and
she has earned it. Michael Biehn has the star strength of a soldier.
Biehn's tough to replace as Kyle Reese, the man sent back in time 50
years from the future on a succeed at all costs mission to protect
Sarah Connor, the mother of her unborn child, John Connor, who is the
leader of the human resistance against the machines far into the
future, and yep, you guessed it, the machines sent back Arnold the
Terminator to Sarah Connor's time to hunt her and kill her. The
Terminator has a timeless battle of resourceful human soldier, Kyle
Reese, vs. unstoppable killing machine, the Terminator. The Terminator
has an innovative and groundbreaking story for its time. The Terminator
is high conceptual cinema that's powerfully dramatic and happens to be
a bit scary at times. Bill Paxton plays his role for the time making
for more classic Cameron. One thing that really makes the Terminator
special, that you wouldn't have known at the time, is that its sequel,
Terminator 2: Judgment Day, is one of the all-time 50 best movies, and
easily in the conversation of being the best sci-fi fantasy adventure,
along with a few other Cameron greats, like Avatar, Aliens and The
Abyss. T2 improves in all the right areas where T1 is minorly lacking.
The Terminator very much feels like one extended and incomplete
preview, yet, outstanding outing of the soon to be conceived and
released, T2. I love The Terminator story, and I'm a big fan of all of
the Terminator movies, especially T2. Arnold. "I'll be back."
			
In the post apocalyptic future of 2029, a war is being fought, a war
between humans and the machines. With time running out for the machines
they send back into the past one of its most devastating killers, a
cyborg posed to look like a human, the Terminator. It has been sent to
eliminate Sarah Connor, matriarch to the leader of the human
resistance, but the resistance has managed to send back a protector for
Sarah. Only time will tell who will reach her first....A fantastic action movie, original in concept and one of Arnold's most
iconic roles. The Terminator is fast paced, expertly directed which
will entice and suck the viewer in from the first five mins of the
film. This film I believe was what launched Arnold into movie stardom
as well as Cameron who would both see continued success after this
film. The Terminator was far from done as this film would spawn 3
sequels and an eventual fourth in years to come from now. An instant
fan favorite, everything about this film is done right, the effects
though aged were top notch of the time of its release, the action still
gritty and in your face. The story though clichd at certain instances,
still has enough originality to make it special and something more than
a simple action movie. The score fits perfectly within the mold of the
film. The Terminator is a must see for film buffs as it is now
considered a classic among the action film genre.
			
I have seen the sequel more times that I can remember, and still love
it, but I felt that I should return to the original and have a look at
what that movie is like. I remember the first time I saw The Terminator
- I was in high school and it was the grossest movie that I had ever
seen. I say that because there is a scene where Arnie cuts open his arm
and pops out his eye.The Terminator was little more that a B-grade horror movie with a
sci-fi bent, but its popularity meant that a sequel was made which
became a block-buster action movie. I will try not the mention the
sequel as this is the movie that made it possible, and in some ways it
is better. As an action movie, Terminator II rocks, but it is basically
a remake of the first movie as the themes are very much the same.Linda Hamilton is a happy young Sarah Conner who works at a fast-food
restaurant and generally leads a pleasant life. Everything changes when
some guy begins executing all of the Sarah Conner's in Los Angeles, and
when she is about to be executed as well, her saviour Kyle Reese leaps
out and saves her. Both are then chased around Los Angeles by an
unmercilous killing machine before Sarah manages to crush it in a
factory, though Reese has died in the process. During this time, Reese
sleeps with Conner and conceives John Conner, the guy who leads the
humans to victory in a war against the robots.A lot of the things that I can say about this movie I have said in
Terminator II because the themes are basically the same. It is a movie
about how a life is saved through the death of another - Kyle Reese. It
is about something that cannot be stopped, but it is stopped after
Reese dies. I guess we know that Reese must die because he is in a
place that is not his home, and he can never return. Okay, he loves
Conner, but Los Angeles 1984 is not his home, and he cannot live here.There is no struggle with this as the focus is more on the horror of
having something after you that you cannot stop. It seems to reflect
the horror of death - something that comes after us that we cannot
stop. The only reason that Conner survived is that Reese, a
battle-trained soldier, was sent back to save her. The only way we can
flee the uncertainty of death, is to trust in Jesus, who was sent to
save us. In a way this movie seems to reflect this.The last thing that I must say about this movie is that it contains one
of Hollywood's famous lines, and it is the line that made the movie -
I'll be back - says Arnold Schwarzenegger to a desk sergeant before he
drives a car through the door of the police station and shoots the
place up. The fact that the Terminator droid is able to walk through a
heavily armed police station and come out without a scratch simply
shows how strong it is. Even then, Kyle is able to put a home-made bomb
into his skeletal frame and blow it to bits.
			
The Terminator is a great film. Pretty much everything about it is just
fantastic. Even though he hardly has any lines Arnold Schwarzzeneggar
does a great job playing the terminator. In fact all of the acting in
this movie is good. So that sums up the acting. Now the story of this
film is what makes it and the whole franchise so great. The story is
extremely complex and gets even more complex as the series goes on and
Judgement Day is introduced. S this is the story. Skynet, the creator
of the terminators (the machines) sent back a T-800 terminator to kill
Sarah Conner. The resistance sent back Kyle Reese to protect her. Last,
the special effects. Well this movie was made in 1984, so the effects
are something that you would expect from a movie made in that time. So
overall this is a great movie, and the start to great franchise. I
definitely recommend it.OVERALL 8.2/10
			
James Cameron's first full stint as a director, and Arnold
Schwarzenegger's first time in his most famous role, is still
definitely a worthwhile watch, though not without its flaws. Thanks to
its cinematography and particularly good soundtrack, this movie has a
great atmosphere, dark and frightening and not for the faint-hearted.
The action scenes are good for the 1980s at least, but some of the
special effects for the Terminator look a bit dated these days: for
example, in one scene, the use of an obvious animatronic head that
doesn't even really look like Arnold.While it's occasionally slow, the story is well-written and generally
gripping, backed up well by the actors: Michael Biehn and Linda
Hamilton are excellent as the human heroes, but of course it's Arnold
who steals the show as the Terminator, bringing real menace to it
simply by his presence and expressions, since he doesn't have much
dialogue in this film.The Terminator is definitely a film to check out - and if you enjoy it,
make sure you find time for the sequel too.
			
Sarah Connor is a young woman living in Los Angeles who is suddenly
attacked by a mysterious man who seems to be impervious to bullets.
Sarah is rescued by Kyle Reese, a soldier from the future who explains
that she is being pursued by a Terminator, a cyborg assassin who will
stop at nothing until it kills her This gripping, eye-popping, fast paced action/sci-fi hybrid is one of
the best thrillers of the eighties, with one of the most memorable
villains in all cinema. It's a terrific story which slam-dunks the
bewildered heroine into the middle of a fight for survival against a
backdrop of nuclear apocalypse. Like all the best suspense pictures, it
follows a straight minimalist route; Reese sets the action with a
brilliant speech, "Listen, and understand. That Terminator is out
there. It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It
doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not
stop, ever, until you are dead !". As this fearsome assassin, Big Arnie
is simply perfect casting - his best role by a long chalk which suits
his looks, his acting chops, everything. He cruises the city, a mean
machine stalking his prey, and is a truly frightful fiend. Hamilton and
Biehn are equally good; she is vulnerable and scared but not stupid and
their resolve to outwit and survive near-impossible odds give the film
a real dramatic core. The support cast are a lot of fun; Winfield and
Henriksen do a nice Mutt and Jeff cop routine which is welcome light
relief and there are funny bits by Miller as a gun shop clerk and
Paxton as a street punk. The movie also has a terrific neo-noir
atmosphere, thanks to Adam Greenberg's photography of L.A. at night,
punctuated by hellish futuristic visions of irradiated rubble patrolled
by nightmarish machines. Brad Fiedel's score, whilst occasionally a bit
cheesy, has a great main theme and pumps everything along with pounding
electronic percussion. The movie was written by Cameron and producer
Gale Anne Hurd, and fans cite it as a pioneering story of time travel
and machine dystopia, although in practice it has many antecedents -
sci-fi author Harlan Ellison sued the film for it similarities to his
1957 short story Soldier From Tomorrow, but there are also very similar
Dr Who yarns, not to mention the last half-hour of Michael Crichton's
Westworld. All of this doesn't matter however - what the film has going
for it is good characterisation, fabulous direction, and a great Bad
Man. Produced by Helmdale Films, who made some great flicks in the late
eighties (Salvador, A Breed Apart, Miracle Mile), it was made on a
pretty tight six-million budget but it looks ten times that and is
sensational entertainment from start to finish.
			

i saw this when i was about 9 years old. It was the film which you tell
your
friends you've seen, so they would think you were cool.Complex plotting and some stellar action sequences make this a classic of
the sci-fi genre. And no matter how cheap the effect look today, it still
carries the same effect it did all those years ago. Although these days,
seeing a character gun down cops by the dozen, isn't as shocking as i'm
sure
it would've been when this movie came out to the public. It shocks in more
ways too, probably seen as a very daring film in it's day.Arnie does his best when he doesn't have to speak so much. Very cool in
his
black leather jacket, riding his motorcycle, he is as menacing as they
come.
Linda hamilton plays the helpless victim well and michael biehn fits the
role of the hero comfortably.
Dialogue may not be great, but the story is intact and tight enough to get
the tension buzzing. Which it does superbly.
Great film, strangely becomes cooler with age.
			

***MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD***There's been so much written on the subject of The Terminator, it's
difficult to add anything new to the debate.I'm pretty sure that James Cameron stole the plot and premise of this film
directly from my nightmares as a small child.  The faceless, huge,
unceasing, single-minded, ever-closing thing that used to chase me round
my
dreams is here on the big screen and he's Arnie.  That is all this film
is.
A classic nightmare, the Jungian ogre archetype made celluloid.James Cameron has distilled this primal fear perfectly for the screen, the
pacing is exquisite.  Even as the credits roll you still expect the
Terminator to somehow resurrect itself once more and continue its
relentless
pursuit.  It has everything that a good horror flick should have,
anticipation, genuine fear and timing.  The special effects don't have to
be
good when you've got film-making as good as this.This film can be seen as the apprentice piece of James Cameron, the first
to
spotlight his dark and dystopian future visions best summed up in the name
of the nightclub in The Terminator; 'Tech Noir'.  This territory is
revisited in Aliens, Strange Days, and latterly, Dark Angel. This universe
has been inhabited by Ridley Scott among others and perhaps owes something
to the Cold War and the nagging fear of nuclear conflict that ran through
the 70's and 80's.This film is renowned as being very violent.  It is, however, one of few
films where the violence is totally justified by the plot.A must see for anyone who likes film.
			

You won't find computer-generated special effects or well-crafted dialogue
here (besides some very recognizable one-liners that have gone down in
movie
lore), yet "The Terminator" has become somewhat of a cult classic in recent
years, and deservedly so.  It's the story that really carries this film
from
start to finish, expertly plotted by James Cameron long before his
"titanic," SFX-driven films later in his illustrious career.
Schwarzenegger
is perfect in the role of the cold-blooded killer from the future, as is
Linda Hamilton of "Beauty and the Beast" (the TV series) fame, who is
transformed from a cowering waitress into a sneering foot-soldier by the
film's end -- a "legend" in Kyle Reese's (Michael Biehn's) eyes.  8/10.

			

This is truly a great film, which of course is always somehow compared
with
part two, just as part two is always compared to this one. Sure this one
has
it's advantages over the second one, but it also is a bit worse at times.
But those times are not as frequent or as important as the many times it
has
advantages over the second installment, because everything that is worse
in
this film, over the second one has to do with special effects. Now listen
closely, the effects are not bad, they are as good as they were in 1984,
but
they just are not as good as the effects in 1991 and that is it. Regarding
the rest of the film, it sure as hell is somewhat better than the sequel.
First of all, everything in this film is more original and fresh (because
it
is a first of course), but not only that. One thing I like a bit more in
this film, is that it is darker you know, more mechanic and inhuman. You
really get a sense here of the fact that you are dealing with an
emotionless
machine. All this dark sphere that is created must be ascribed mainly to
James Cameron and Arnold Schwarzenegger. James Cameron, of course for his
vision and execution of the way he felt the music and the sets had to be
and
Schwarzenegger for his good performance. I know that many people may well
argue about my last statement: 'Good performance, Schwarzenegger can't
play
CRAP!' Well in terms of great character roles or dramatic ones this might
all be very true, but in this film Schwarzenegger captured everything his
character was about perfectly. You might say he didn't have to act at all.
But you go ahead, try to pass as a machine in a movie, kill emotionless,
walk static, look grim, speak slowly and well 'machinery' (cut off). All
of
this enables the viewer to totally believe that he is indeed a
machine.The other actors here are not to be forgotten either, Kyle Reese and Sarah
Connor are also very well characterized by Michael Biehn and Linda
Hamilton
respectively. I mean they very believable and they have a good chemistry
in
the film. They are also the characters seen in the best parts of the film
(not the coolest, that's what Schwarzenegger is for). My favorite scenes
in
this movie certainly are the 'intimate scene' and the 1st 2029 A.D. scene
with the epilogue at the beginning. All in all I must say that this is a
masterpiece of cinema and a must see for everyone who love
movies.8 out of 10
			

OK, it's a classic, but few would argue that it's aged well. The effects,
particularly at the climax, now leave a lot to be desired, (and in
hindsight, so does the acting).Still, it's the interesting (if far-fetched) plot that drives the film, and
the fact that the Terminator itself is one of the greatest screen baddies
ever. For the few who have never seen the film, it won't be giving the game
away to say that the titular bad guy takes some finishing off, coming back
from the dead time and time again in an inventive showdown in a factory.
That's because this is one of those films that has inspired countless clones
and homages. The inferior sequel, suffering from a crippling lack of
imagination, doesn't even come close to capturing the menace of an
unstoppable killing machine, even though Robert Patrick gave the T-1000 a
look and feel all its own.The prospect of a third film is quite depressing. I'd prefer to see a remake
of this, or a Star-Wars style update with updated fx.

			
I was fortunate enough to see a new digital print of this film with a
new Dolby soundtrack. The new sound rocks and is a major improvement
over the Mono from before.I'm not a big fan of Cameron as a director though. There are no huge
comparisons between the terrifying Dark Future LA and the 1984 LA. As
most scenes are shot at night in derelict parts of town the whole films
looks miserable. It can also be so VERY, VERY 80's. Take a gander at
the clothing and the music. The Technoir scene is a great example. Arnie is super-cool as the emotionless cyborg who just blows everyone
away WITHOUT grinning at the camera. Michael Beihn makes for a good
hero and Linda Hamilton is just as good as Sarah Connor. But she became
really annoying in the sequel. It's a shame Lance Henrikson isn't in it
for long and Dick Miller has an amusing cameo.It is quite scary in parts too. The steel exo-skeleton of the
Terminator is not the kind of bad guy I'd wanna go up against and the
visions of the robot war is rather ugly. Especially when we see the
wheel crush up all the human skulls. Although it is quite unlikely that
skulls would be piled up like that. Where are the rest of the bones?The Terminator theme is very cool but the rest of Brad Fiedel's score
is absolutely terrible. It's nothing but inaudible noise. The same
applies for T2 and his score for True Lies. Has anyone apart from
Cameron ever employed him?Most of today's sci-fi is junk and quickly forgettable (Forgotten, AvP)
but this has stood the test of time and will do for a long time to
come, regardless of the 80's feel to it. But Cameron made it in 1.85:1, which sucks a film of this size deserves
scope, but I guess he only worked with what he had. The second film,
while not an improvement, is up to the same standard. See the new
version of this movie if you can it's a great improvement over the
older print.
			

I think this is probably the best sci fi movie ever made. Arnold
Scwarzenneger is scary as the terminator trying to kill Sarah Connor(Linda
Hamilton)because her unborn son has great significance in the future to
come!And Kyle (Michael Biehn)is the man set out to protect her. The
chemistry between Sarah and Kyle is very strong. But its really upsetting
when he dies as he was meant to be the father of Sarahs unborn child
John!This is classic entertainment that has a very strong story to it and
will be a film thats never forgotten no matter how old it
is!
			

Although the sequel is more popular, I believe they are about equal. With a
budget of about 6.5 million, James Cameron created a non-stop thrill ride
that still beats some action movies that cost twenty times as much. Arnold
was born to play the role of The Terminator, one of the most famous
villians
in movie history. Biehn is good as the hero. Why he never became more
famous
is beyond me. 
			

This film was in the beginning supposed to be a b-movie with a killer
machine from the future. What cameron did not know was that this film was
going to history. The terminator which is chasing Sarah Connor ended up in
a
fantastic movie that almost everybody knows about. It is not so much
acting
from arnolds side but this is still a great movie. So its a 9/10 from me.

			

This is defnantley a classic of a movie,and never will be forgotten,people
still brag on about the movie,and still mention the famous "ILL BE BACK"
scene.
The plot is brilliant and very different,its very original,and nothing was
wrong with this film except the sound,it was very shaddy.Otherwise this film
was great,Arnold Shwarzenegger does a very good performance,not to mention
Linda Hamilton.This movie is quiet graphic,but its an attention seeker,and
grabs every bit out of me,i loved this film,and never will get over it.As i
said its top 10 material,definantley in my top 10 list,this movie has great
action scenes,and the story only gets better with TERMINATOR 2,go see that
also.Did you know Terminator 3 is coming out in the year 2002,cant
waaaaaaait!In overall,i think if you didnt watch this film many years ago,your crazy it
was the biggest thing,and still is big.I GIVE THE TERMINATOR 8.5 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF FILM: Great Display/Great Plot/Full Of Suspense/Very
Original.BAD POINTS OF FILM: Shoddy sound.
			

Terminator (1984) is the black diamond of the actionmovies, almost perfect
actionmovie and modern classic. Arnold Schwarzenegger plays 'terminator' who
comes from the future and it is ordered to kill Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton) because of the reasons which will be told in the movie when you
watch it.    Director/writer James Cameron showed before he got sick to his
megalomania that his talents aren't just from a huge budget.8 out of 10. Arnold is OK, Michael Biehn delivers great performance. I'm not
Arnold fan but this time he is OK.

			

Arnold Schwarzenegger as Terminator from future to kill Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton). Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) is also from future from human side
to
protect Sarah from terminator. Cause Sarahs unborn child John is going to
lead humans to victory against the terminators in the future.
			

This is one of my favourite films. I've watched it so many times... I
still
prefer T2, though. But this film is certainly one of the most original
action films ever made. It's intense, exciting, full of suspense and the
action scenes actually don't bore me. [*Possible* spoiler follows.] And I
love the little love story between Reese and Sarah Connor. It is so cute
in
a very innocent way since Reese actually has loved Sarah for all those
years
because of a photo just like a fourteen year old girl thinks she loves
Brad
Pitt.Brilliant action flick. 8/10
			

A good film to watch every now and then to see how a film made with a
miniscule amount of money can end up looking like a big-budget extravaganza.
It was the film that made Arnold Schwarzenegger famous, and also put ace
director James Cameron on the map. It is surprisingly fresh to watch 15
years later, and most notable are some good effects, and excellent
stop-motion animation that must have required a heck of a lot of work.
However, it is obvious that this film alludes to many other
works. 
			
Every bit as relentless and single-minded as the latest Mad Max
instalment  and possessing a similar number of car chases  The
Terminator was the 1984 calling card of both James Cameron and Arnold
Schwarzenegger. Sure, the latter had a couple of lousy Conan films
under his belt, but here was a role that would make him a star and give
cinema an antihero every bit as iconic as Hannibal or Joker.The story is fantastically simple. In the future, machines take over,
exterminating humanity from the post-nuclear wasteland. The human
resistance is led by a man named John Connor. The machines send a
"Terminator" unit (Arnie himself) back through time to kill John's
mother, Sarah (Linda Hamilton). Meanwhile, the humans send a protector,
Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn). The chase begins.Imagine knowing nothing about this world. Imagine the shock of seeing
Arnie laid low with a shotgun, only to rise time and time again. For
the first third of the movie, beyond a title card, precious little is
explained. All we're seeing is a woman stalked by two moody men. The
idea for The Terminator was apparently born of a fever-dream, and with
its flashback-forward structure and descending darkness it is drenched
in sweaty helplessness.It's also a masterclass in efficiency and visual storytelling. When it
comes to filling in the backstory (here, a future-story), Cameron
expertly brings convincing emotional weight to his exposition scenes.
Reese is the emotive counterpoint to the dead-cold 101: his mission is
driven by love. Not some cheesy, possessive love; Reece carries with
him the hope of humanity. He loves John Connor (whom, intriguingly, we
never see), so how can he not hold a near-biblical reverence for the
mythic mother? Before Judgment Day gave us the powerful and handsome
activist, the 1984 origin shows us the gentle, pretty Sarah. (Emilia
Clarke has her eyes.) Yet her ascent to soldier is entirely believable
given the unbelievable events swirling around her. Sarah is no damsel
in distress; she's a warrior waiting for the right distress to unleash
her potential.The poodle-perms and mecha-synth music will either be seen as dating
the film, or delivering pleasing period delights, depending on your
viewpoint. But what will never date is the film's brutal purity. As we
gaze at the poster for Genisys, with Arnie and Sarah pressed together
in unity, let's not forget how scary and thrilling it was to see her
terrorised... and then turn around and terminate his metal ass.
			
Surprisingly well-made and memorable sci-fi action pic, helped
immensely by the effective clean-cut storyline, Cameron's muscular
direction, a haunting atmosphere and well-staged scenes of violence and
destruction.And the role of a tight-lipped killer cyborg from the future suits
Arnold's acting abilities to a T.Definitely superior to the much higher budgeted overblown sequel.A minor genre classic... and one of the very few really good Arnie
vehicles.8 out of 10 belly-bursting fist moves
			
The Terminator, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, and
Michael Biehn, is about a dark future of Earth that leads to a battle
in present day. How can this be? Simply, in 2029 time travel will be
possible.The mission for the Terminator is simple: kill Sarah Connor. Destroy
anything or anyone that tries to prevent this from happening.The mission for Kyle Reese isn't so simple: locate Sarah Connor and
prevent her from being destroyed by the Terminator.The movie does quite a nice job of explaining many details. You learn
quite a bit about all of the basics of the future war, how the machines
come to power, primarily when Reese explains all of this to Connor.It's a fairly simple plot and isn't difficult to understand. This is
acceptable, because it's an action movie and doesn't really need much
explanation. Of course, as an action movie this movie definitely
delivers, with some very detailed and gory scenes. A few examples are
the Terminator punching through someone and pulling his arm out, the
killing of 30 law officers in a police station, and point blank
assassinations of Sarah Connors. The movie can be very creepy as well,
so there is some potential scare factor as well.As of this writing, The Terminator does show a few signs of aging. The
music is very 80s with a lot of synthesizers. There's the typical big
80's hair. A lot of the props are date-able as well, such as the cars.This really can be overlooked though, because end to end this action
flick is spectacular.8/10
			
Storytelling usually deals with extremes. Either the situation is very
bad or very good. I guess that is because the mainstream is too
everyday and as a result too dull. Well here is a VERY BAD SITUATION.Sarah Conner will give birth to a boy who will eventually save people
from machines who have caused nuclear war and killed most of mankind.
The machines send a Terminator back through time to kill the child
before he's born. John Conner sends one of his trusted soldiers to stop
the Terminator. What results is an eerie and very thought provoking
look at the future and humanities current course.Unlike most thrillers, this one has a lot of thought behind it and has
very little Hollywood cheesiness. Also it established one of today's
biggest stars. Basically, any film buff should definitely check it out.
8/10
			

Arnold does a great job in this movie and so Do the supporting actors. This
movie has a great plot and is one of the few Sci-Fi movies I really dig.
This movie has action, love, suspense, and thrills all balled up into one
Terminator Movie. You cant go wrong with this movie. The only thing I didnt
like is the Special Effects. I am positive they were advanced for the 80's
but as I watch them now I can tell how fake they are. Great movie
still.
			

This was the first time I had seen the original Terminator. While now it
seems like it's going to be logistical nightmare it is definitely a film
that leaves itself open for a sequel and eventually a third film.	We open with a very 80s fantasy set with spaceships flying shooting lasers
at each other and then this huge tank steamrolling over skulls. The
background is all blue with nothing distinguishing that it's the sky at all.	We then get a title insert giving us some back-story and/or fore-story
telling us of the battle that lead to the world's destroyed state in 2028
and how in the present the true battle will be fought. It was truly a
challenge to remember that much such that I could write it down because I
hate any of those inserts at the beginning unless their purpose is comedic.
I feel that when you're dealing with a visual medium and you have a lot of
writing on the screen at the beginning you shouldn't expect anyone to
remember it, the exception being those people who went to see Star Wars 55
times as compared to my zero.
	For the first forty minutes of the film it seems as if we're watching two
characters making identical moves and are left to wonder if the script was
written as half a script copied over with only the names being changed.
However, slowly we find out that the Schwarzenegger character is the
Terminator and the other person, Reese, who traveled through time, which is
also very clouded at the beginning, are working in opposite
purposes.
	What was set up by Cameron and Hurd in the beginning is a very interesting
misinterpretation of facts. We see the police one deputy played by Lance
Henriksen (Pumpkinhead) and the chief who just happens to be
African-American (but I'll address that later) about two Sarah Connor's who
had been killed. We also witness our main Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) see
the TV news bulletin about the first murder which her friends find humorous
and see her stunned reaction to the second and see her sitting around in
fear this section was probably the best part of her inconsistent
performance.
	As a director Cameron didn't seem to be very interested in creating too
many intricate frames. There were a few shown during the war scenes where
there was a lot of wreckage used as an obstruction and there was also some
good framing in the parking garage with the use of wide angle shots. The
focus seemed to be on lighting and using the color blue. There are scenes
were everything is tinted blue. There also was a lot of use of floodlighting
along with mist, fog, smoke and any effect of that sort they could find.
This left the color palate was very muted and this lent itself to the somber
tone that Cameron was attempting to create in the chases and stalking scenes
also when Reese and Sarah were under the bridge for the night.	Story wise, however, there are some very good foreshadowing touches added.
One being a waitress friend of Sarah's saying "In a hundred years who's
gonna care." Where the essence of this film is examining how through time
travel these people are attempting to secure the future both looking for
drastically different results. Before Sarah ever sees Reese one of her
friends is wearing a Jetson's shirt, small yes but any number of shirts
could have been chosen and the filmmakers decided to drop some
hints.
	Character-wise there is but one character who is worth talking about and
that is the Terminator. Schwarzenegger's character is one who is symbolic of
what humanity would become of we became overly dependent on
computers/machines in that the Terminator itself is a machine with flesh.
The Terminator is a film that was released in 1984 the year of Orwell's
famous novel took place in and it was also a year where computer was still
very new and misunderstood and the concept of Big Brother was still very
alive. We see Reese has been branded with a bar code which seems to be both
an attack on consumerism and Nazism by combining them in one symbol. While
this is not the larger issue that the film deals with it most definitely
should be a fact that no Science-Fiction film avoids social commentary in
some way.
	The greatest accomplishment of this film is the way in which the Polaroid
photograph was introduced in the end. It was an image haunting the story and
it seemed to be the one piece of evidence that would prove the veracity of
the whole plot to all those involved as if we weren't already willing to
believe. The great failure of the film, however, is that Reese is the father
of John Connor which was very predictable after they started talking on a
more personal level. His death in 1984 makes up for it a bit but it doesn't
take away the fact that I had that little voice nagging in the back of my
head saying "Don't be John's father! Don't be John's father! Don't be John's
father!" 
In the end Sarah Conner we sympathize with and she does end up being well
drawn out even though when she got 'tough' her dialogue seemed forced and I
think Cameron should have re-written the line to make it more believable.
The only real problem with characters I had were the African-American
characters who all had either walk throughs or supporting roles and seemed
to be taken from the text How to Write a Stereotype.
All in all The Terminator is a very intriguing and provocative
science-fiction film. 

			

This is, without a doubt, Arnie's best film. Other actors can portray other
terminators, it is true-but only he can play THE Terminator! Granted, he's
not the most accomplished actor in the world, but here he makes an imposing
presence as an unstoppable killing machine. This is, of course, the one that
made him a big star.Likewise, it put James Cameron on the map, representing a fresh start after
the universally despised "Piranha 2", which is, as of this writing, unseen
by me, and likely to remain that way for  a long time, which is probably for
the best.It's interesting to notice that "Terminator" cost only $6.4 million, yet
Cameron wound up making the most expensive movie ever made-you know what I'm
talking about! (Otherwise, where have you been the past 100
years?)Putting all that aside, this is sci-fi action in its purest form, never
letting up, moving inexorably to a terrifying conclusion! This grim picture
is deeply permeated with a feel of impending doom. Watching it, you wonder
if the resistance will succeed, or if humanity is destined to be wiped out
by the very machines it built.Rating: ***1/2 (out of ****)108min/Released by Hemdale through Orion Pictures
			
It's hard to review a real classic. What do you say about a movie
that's not just a great piece of entertainment, but is significant in
the history of film? The Terminator tells us the story of Sara Connor (Linda Hamilton), an
ordinary young woman who works as a waitress and lives with a roommate,
who learns she's to give birth to the savior of humanity. That's what
she hears from Reece (Michael Biehn), a soldier sent back from a
post-apocalyptic future where machines and men are at war. Reece was
sent back to protect her from a killer cyborg (Arnold Schwarzenegger)
that also traveled from the future to kill Sara and erase her son from
existence before he could lead Mankind is a successful war against
their mechanical enemies.When you say a movie is about a killer cyborg from the future and a
main character who has to discover her inner hero, that doesn't
necessarily sound like a classic, does it? It sounds just like another
mediocre-at-best sci-fi melodrama, just like a couple dozen other
forgettable B movies made every year that fill up the space between the
really good films at the theater and on cable, another fancy premise
used to tie together a bunch of explosions and special effects. But The
Terminator is sooooo much more than that.Virtually everything in this movie is better than it has any reason to
be. Though it has a clever idea, at its core The Terminator is a fairly
basic adventure story. It's not inherently deep or complex or profound.
There's no real social commentary to it or any examination of essential
human conflicts. It's a chase movie. One with a genuinely clever angle,
but still a chase movie. That sort of film doesn't necessarily demand
superior writing, acting or directing but all of those things are
present in The Terminator.I think the best way to demonstrate how good this movie is, is too
simply take note of the little things done well in this film that you
wouldn't see in lesser works. The casting of Linda Hamilton is one of
those things. For the most important female character in the story,
most films would usually cast an actress a lot more attractive than
Hamilton. She's really only a bit prettier than the other women in the
film and she's really not even as pretty as her co-star, Michael Biehn.
But the story of Sara Connor is about a normal, unexceptional woman
becoming the sort of person who changes human history. If Sara is a
stunning beauty, it undermines the contrast between the ordinary and
the extraordinary.Take a look at the two cops played by Paul Winfield and Lance Henriksen
and the criminal psychologist played by Earl Boen. They're supporting
characters whose purpose is to get the main characters from the first
act into the third act. But even though they're not on screen for every
long or have many lines, the actors make them into people just as real
as Sara or Reece. And those three characters actually have some of the
best and funniest lines of dialog in the whole movie.Consider the character of Reece. He has less than a handful of lines of
dialog in the first third of the film, but we understand more about him
than any other character through his actions and his memories. Or look
at how the film handles the Inevitable Exposition Dump. In this sort of
genre picture, whether it's sci-fi or horror or what have you, there's
always a moment when some character has to explain what's going on to
another character, and by extension to the audience. The Terminator has
one of those scenes, but instead of it happening during a dead space
when the story comes to a stop, most of it occurs in the middle of a
car chase! You can also marvel as the visual sense Cameron brings to the entire
film. From one of the earliest scenes where a naked Arnold
Schwarzenegger stares down at nighttime Los Angeles to the final moment
where Sara Connor drives down a lonely road as a storm approaches,
Cameron is always reaching for something better than what you usually
get from this sort of action flick.The Terminator didn't just help create one of the biggest movie stars
in Hollywood history. It's one of the foundations of the modern sci-fi
action genre. It's one of those films that help you appreciate just how
good movies can be. It's a classic.
			
Gale Anne Hurd and John Cameron really showed how to deliver a whole
lot of movie on a shoestring budget. With a budget so tight that
"bandit" re-shooting of scenes was necessary while evading the local
sheriff, the producer/director team launched Schwarzenegger into his
action career in a way that "Conan" had not quite been able to do.It was a stroke of genius that Arnold insisted on playing not the hero
but the bad robot, sent back from the future to kill the human heroine
who might otherwise have a son who would vanquish the machines one day
in the future. As a result, "The Terminator" had to be changed from a
crowd-blender concept to the Arnold-size concept that "will be back"
with big mayhem and does not try to hide or blend.Linda Hamilton did an incredible job of morphing from pink-dressed
diner waitress to steely woman of action whose progeny must save the
world of the future. Schwarzenegger developed great affects, like the
scanning eyes, to make his character seem less human. And Biehn was a
good hero, although he was in the shadow of his monosyllabic adversary. Some of the special effects have not aged well. Unlike Carpenter in
"The Thing," Cameron could not afford to eliminate stop-motion
sequences from the film entirely. There just was not a budget for large
scale puppetry, the only alternative at the time. Many fans would stone
me for saying this, but The Terminator is a good candidate for CGI-ing
Stan Winston's vision, if it's done right: following the original shots
exactly, without fooling around, while making all motions smooth, and
rubbery prostheses more realistic. The cigarette smoke that was blown
through the crushed exoskeleton in the closing scenes does not need to
be redone!The plot occasionally wanders a bit, and Cameron is not quite as good a
composer as he might think he is, but this film is a true auteur work
at the highest level, hampered to an "8" only by the tiny budget. Hurd
and Cameron were a match made in heaven (and for a while, on Earth).
Action film fans should be grateful to this duo for all eternity.
			
"The machines rose from the ashes of the nuclear fire. Their war to
exterminate mankind had raged for decades, but the final battle would
not be fought in the future. It would be fought here, in our present.
Tonight..." Earth's future is a grim one where the landscape is a wasteland and our
own technology has backfired and created super-intelligent cyborgs and
machines capable of thinking on their own and who've all but taken over
the planet. In fact, by 2027 the world looks like one huge junkyard
where aircraft fire purple and blue lasers into the night sky and large
tanks roll around crushing scrap metal and skulls. The last surviving
humans on the planet are in the midst of a losing war, but find a
savior in John Connor, who will eventually save mankind. Unfortunately,
the machinery have also managed to master the form of time travel and
thus have another trick up their sleeve to prevent John from even
coming into this world.A naked, muscular man (Arnold Schwarzenegger, in his star-making role)
suddenly appears out of nowhere in a flash of lightning somewhere in
Los Angeles, present day. First things first, he needs some clothes and
gets them from a trio of punks after sending his fist all the way
through one of them. Then it's off to pawn shop to load up on shotguns,
Uzis and ammo. No need to pay: just shoot the clerk. From there, a
quick glance at the phone book reveals there are three Sarah Connor's
living in the city and, since this man isn't actually a man at all but
an emotionless humanoid cyborg sent there with one goal in mind, he
gets to work hunting each of the ladies down and exterminating them,
for one is the future mother of John Connor. Appearing somewhere else
in L.A. is Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn); a flesh-and-blood human this
time, and a good guy, who's there to try to prevent the Terminator from
accomplishing his goal.After quickly dispatching the first two Sarah's and numerous other
people who get in the way, the terminator finally manages to track down
the third - and correct - Sarah (Linda Hamilton) in a club at about the
same time as Kyle. Kyle manages to get her out of there in one piece
(can't say the same for many of the other patrons) and from then on out
it's an action-packed, fast-paced pursuit through the city with car
chases, shootouts and explosions aplenty as our heroes try to think of
a way to kill an unstoppable killing machine that seems impervious to
most kinds of conventional weaponry. One of the best sequences is when
the terminator shoots up dozens of cops at a police station, which also
happens to contain the famous line "I'll be back." Seeing this movie
first as a kid in the late 80s and now again as an adult, I can say
it's held up well over the years thanks to strong storytelling and
despite any advances in fx technology.Made on a budget of just 6.4 million dollars, the film became one of
the year's surprise hits; grossing 38 million in the U.S. alone (nearly
80 million worldwide). Though that doesn't seem like a whole lot
nowadays, the film's reputation grew throughout the decade and by the
time Cameron returned with T2 in 1991, the budget had skyrocketed to
100+ million and the film grossed double that, making it the #1 box
office draw of its year. TERMINATOR 3: RISE OF THE MACHINES (2003)
boasted a price tag somewhere between 170 and 200 million dollars and
did better overseas than in the U.S. Ditto for the Schwarzenegger-free,
200-million-budgeted TERMINATOR SALVATION (2009). There was also the TV
series "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles," which lasted two
seasons, and an upcoming fifth film in the franchise is coming in 2015.Because the screenplay shared numerous ideas from several Harlan
Ellison stories, the author ended up suing. It was settled out of court
and Ellison received a special thanks acknowledgment in the end
credits.
			
This is an action movie. The war of the human being vs. the robot
happens. The reader of the human is John. The robot sees their defeat.
Therefor the robot sends Terminator at the past to kill John's mother.
John knew that and he sends a man to protect his mother too.This is really popular movie. I like this movie too. I like character.
Especially I like Terminator. He is so cool. Arnold Schwarzenegger acts
Terminator. He is popular actor, and his acting is wonderful. This
movie is full of spectacular battle scene, and they are powerful.
Therefor I was excited so much. The ending is good, however it is a
little sad.This is wonderful action movie and I think this is almost love story.
It made me so excited. If you like action movie, I recommend you to
watch it. I think that this movie will make you excited.
			
The Terminator is a classic! Yes, I said a classic. Of the four movies
so far this is my third favorite, behind the third and fourth movies.The graphics are just what you would expect from a movie that was made
in the early 1980's. At the time the graphics were state of the art.
However, today they are antiquated, which makes this a classic.The story was unique. Before 1984 there were scripts and plots that had
robot that looked robotic, or monsters that looked like monsters. In
1984, James Cameron gave us The Terminator, a machine that can't be
"bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or
remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are
dead."The script revolves around Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) who is the
mother of John Connor, a future leader who fights and eventually
defeats Skynet. Skynet developed technology to travel back in time in
the hopes of killing Sarah Connor to prevent John Connor's birth. The
human resistance sends Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) to save Sarah Connor
and stop, if possible, the Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger).As always I will list my three favorite scenes. As this movie has been
around for nearly 30 years I have no issue in including any scene from
the beginning to the end.The first scene I liked was when Sarah is in the nightclub waiting for
the cops. She is being followed by Reese and the Terminator. When the
Terminator walks by the table Sarah happens to drop something on the
floor and bends over to pick it up. The Terminator eventually sees
Sarah and moves in for the kill, but Reese intervenes.The second scene I liked was actually all of the flashback scenes for
Reese. They were flashback scenes for Reese but would be flash-forwards
for us. It gets a little confusing for when you talk about time travel.The third scene I liked was the final scene when Sarah defeats the
Terminator. Reese is killed when he puts a pipe bomb in some of the
Terminators gears. The resulting explosion kills Reese, cripples the
Terminator, and injures Sarah. Sarah defeats the Terminator by crushing
it.Before I finish this review I do have something to say. I could have
gone my whole life without seeing the naked asses of either Michael
Biehn or Arnold Schwarzenegger.I give this 8 stars out of 10.
			
If there is anyone who actually hasn't seen "The Terminator", I'll
write my short opinion, because it was on TV last night and I just
couldn't miss it. The plot is very simple... hero, villain, love story, cyborgs, post-
apocalyptic futures ... you know, that old story. I won't bother with
details, because I don't wanna spoil all the fun and fun is what you'll
have if you like sci-fi, action and good old Arnie.The main protagonist is likable and relatable. The villain is
awesome... hello?! Good old Ar.... you know already. The action is
good, the excitement is there, the story is interesting enough, it
wraps up movie nicely while still managing to prepare us for a great
sequel (I really like part 2, that s*it is awesome). All the elements are there, so if you haven't... go for it.
			
The Terminator is a movie with a complex background that manages to
deliver a simple yet strong story by staying true to the characters.
Often times, films that deal with time travel tend to be confusing or
full of holes, but The Terminator surprised me by developing a plot
that was not only simple but emotional.The settings and mood throughout the entire movie really emphasize a
state of panic, and it is definitely a thrilling experience from
beginning to end. The acting is not exceptional, but nonetheless, the
cast certainly does not fail in their respective roles. Every aspect of
this movie was well planned, and the great combination of technical
features and an overall sound script make this movie a model for all
future action films. Although I wish they explored other options in fighting the Terminator,
I guess that's what sequels are for. The Terminator takes viewers on a
journey of constant fear, anxiety, and panic, and it's exactly because
of this that The Terminator is a classic thriller.
			
I didn't know James Cameron wrote and directed The Terminator, can't
say that I'm surprised because only a genius could have created it. The
Terminator is early on in Arnold Schwarzenegger and James Cameron's
careers' and this movie put them on the map, or at least made them
bigger stars. James Cameron created a world of time travel and the
inevitable end of the world with a war between humanity and machines.
What could possibly go wrong? The answer is nothing.Arnold plays the terminator, a emotionless, flat, cyborg, killing
machine that has one goal, terminate. Arnold was a perfect role. He
obviously has his accent and amazing physique and he probably has fifty
lines in the movie and he is intimidating. The special effects done to
his face when he is part human and part machine is done really well.
The only flaw in the effects is the shots when the actual machine is
walking on a green screen. In all honesty it looked awful and took me
out of the experience but for its time it was acceptable. The character
terminator itself was scary and godlike to say the least and the only
reason this movie wasn't a ridiculous robot going on a killing rampage
was the story behind it. In the year 2029, or something close to it, a
man named John Connor is the leader of the human revolution and he gets
word of a terminator going back in time to kill Sarah Connor, John's
mother, to prevent John from being born. OK, so let's start with the
idea of time travel. Brilliant, I love it. It makes me think and wonder
what happens next. I could go on a rant and rave about time travel and
how it messes on my mind but that's for another day. John Connor has a
counter and sends one of his best men, Kyle Reece, to the past to
protect Sarah Connor. Throughout the movie Reece gives bits and pieces
as to what happens in the future and how the machines take over
humanity. The bits and pieces were awesome, it didn't overwhelm me with
information and it kept me invested in the story. The back story is
incredible and the universe James Cameron created is commendable. The
only real downside to the story is the lack of characters. Reece is a
good character but I wasn't a huge fan. His acting was a little flat
and I wasn't fully invested n his character. There was something about
him that rubbed me the wrong way. The action in the move was really
cool. The Terminator is basically invincible so seeing Arnold get shot
rapidity and watching him throw people through windows was awesome. The
car chases were done well and the best scene was easily when the
terminator tears through the police station and says the famous line,
"I'll be back." Nobody realized it then but that quote is imitated by
everybody at least once in their life, even if they haven't seen the
movie. Arnold's voice and the way he acts on screen is so unusual but
effective. This thing clearly isn't human and Arnold does it perfectly.
People may disagree with me on this but I'm saying it now, Arnold as
the first Terminator is better than the T-1000. I really liked the
character Sarah Connor. She is the most important character and she is
portrayed really well. She is a normal girl with a normal life just
trying to get by. She is a waitress and a lot of people can relate to
that. As 'm writing this now I am a waiter so I know. Sarah Connor is a
character people sympathize with so nice work, Cameron; you know how to
write a main character. The relationship between Reece and Sarah is
cute to say the least. The way their relationship builds is very
believable. If you have seen enough movies you can figure out the end
of the movie and what happens to each character but when I first saw it
I had no idea what was going to happen. Looking back I should have
figured it out but that's the magic of movies. Overall, The Terminator
is a classic in my opinion. I loved the movie and the depth behind the
story. Arnold was born to play this role and James Cameron was born to
make brilliant movies. The two of them together is a powerhouse that
couldn't possibly fail. The Terminator without a doubt gets the WillyT
Seal of Approval.
			
I honestly don't think that this movie needs an introduction, but I'll
give it one anyway - "The Terminator" is a 1984 film crafted by
legendary filmmaker James Cameron. The film follows tells the story of
a cyborg assassin (Schwarzenegger) who is sent back in time from 2029
to 1984 to kill a young woman (Hamilton). Well, starting from the top,
the movie's premise is certainly bizarre and outlandish, though Cameron
and team seem to successfully transcend this obstacle by presenting the
film's plot with utmost realism and seriousness. Quite possibly the
greatest aspect of the film is, in fact, Arnold Schwarzenegger's truly
menacing portrayal of the titular character. I wouldn't go so far as to
say that this was a difficult performance, but Arnold pulls off one of
his earliest acting roles with an intense amount of menace. The action
sequences were also a masterstroke aspect of the film. Nearly every set
piece in the film contained a good dose of thrills and jaw-dropping
moments. The movie itself is, arguably, one of the greatest and most
revolutionary science fiction films in film history. "The Terminator"
was one of the first films to introduce the concept of self-aware
artificial intelligence to the big screen, it catapulted the careers of
Arnold Schwarzenegger and James Cameron to new heights, and
simultaneously introduced several memorable lines of dialogue that most
people are familiar with. In 2008 "The Terminator" was selected by the
Library Of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film
Registry, being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically
significant". Did it deserve this honor? I believe so. For, "The
Terminator" was a fun, intelligent, novel film for me to experience.
			
Plot: A cyborg was sent to the past from a post apocalyptic future
where humankind is fighting self-aware machines. His mission: the
termination of Sarah Connor, the future mother of the human resistance
leader. Her only hope for survival is a human soldier that was also
sent back to the past to protect her.You'll love The Terminator if: You want a very good
Sci-Fi\Action\Thriller film with good characters that will keep you on
the edge of your seat. What I love in The Terminator is that instead of
cardboard characters that pose for the camera it has very good
realistic characters that get hurt, are always very afraid and very,
very vulnerable. Especially Sarah Connor is a real character that
changes throughout the film and while Linda Hamilton who portrays her
isn't exactly a hottie she shows us that its better to have charisma
than a supermodel trying to act, something very common nowdays when it
comes to female protagonists. Unlike the sequels the T-800 in this
movie is ready to kill you without a second thought. If it grabs you
you're dead! If he shoots at you and you aren't covered you're dead! It
never stops, it never gets tired and will make you feel the tension of
the characters. Finally while The Terminator has some plot holes and
logic gaps, (mostly time travel paradoxes), it doesn't offend the
intelligence of the viewers.You'll hate The Terminator if: You wanted a more Sci-Fi oriented film
rather than an action one or if you wanted something "louder" and with
a bit of comedy thrown in. The first movie is nothing like T2 or T3
where 2/3's of the movie is all about loud explosions and slightly
humorous situations. The chase scenes while very intense are simple
they are just chase scenes and not a redecoration of a whole city!!!
The Terminator is a way darker film where humor is non-existent when in
T2 or T3 you would actually laugh with some of the scenes involving the
T-800. Also while the plot is considered Science Fiction there is a
greater deal of Action here than actual Sci-Fi stuffFINAL VERDICT: Great Sci-Fi\Action\Thriller\Chase film (7.7/10)[+] Nicely directed. Great Action\Thriller atmosphere. Wonderful acting
from Hamilton who portrays a "real" evolving character.[-] A bit slow paced at times. Not for "Hardcore" Action or Sci-Fi
fans. Not a movie you'll see more than 2-3 times.Also Check: Alien (1979) - Predator (1987)  Terminator 2: Judgment Day
(1991)  War Of The Worlds (2005)P.S.: My purpose in all my IMDb Reviews is not to say "I like\don't
like this movie" but to help you decide whether YOU will like it or not
since everything is all about taste and expectations IMO...
			
I regret waiting so long to see it. A nice start for James Cameron's
career. And Arnold Swartzenegger career for that sake, although he had
made two movies prior to this, but this kinda put him on the "map".
Also it's cool to see him as the bad guy, and not the invincible hero.
i know it's a bit ironic as he is an almost invincible cyborg here, but
it fits better for a foe rather than a friend. hero's need to struggle,
while the enemy seem almost impossible to kill. It builds up tension,
and this movie is packed with it.I don't think I neither need or should tell the plot. it's about a
robot trying to prevent a person to be born, so he goes back in time to
kill his mother. That's about it, unless you want details, but then I
advise you to see the movie instead.The effects are great, especially considering it's budget; US$6.5
million. Not much for Hollywood standards, and it hardly shows. Even
though some times the robot is a stop-motion effects, and the
terminators's eye looks a little fake, it's nothing you really should
bother to point out. It's from 1984, has a small budget, and it's about
a cyborg killer, I'm impressed by what James Cameron achieved in this
film.I really look forward to see Terminator 2, and sadly I saw the third
one first. Seriously skip it, it's horrible. I recommend the two made
by James Cameron and that's number 1 & 2. I give this film a 8/10.
			
One of the most amazing aspects of 'The Terminator,' was the story.
Despite the extremely low budget, and the equally low-budget feel of
the film, the movie had an extremely well thought out story. This is
evident when they took this film into three additional sequels, made a
mega-star out of Schwarzenegger and even produced a short-lived TV
series. Unfortunately, despite the quality of story and the sci-fi
aspect of the plot line, I viewed it more as a horror story than an
action picture it was meant to be. I think it was the genre of films
produced back on and around 1984. Only this one stood out, with solid
performances by Hamilton, Biehn and, of course, Schwarzenegger. In the
defining movie based on man vs. machines (tell me the makers of 'The
Matrix' wasn't thinking about this movie throughout), comes a 'Judgment
Day' apocalyptic war when machines take over in 1997 and man spends the
rest of his days fighting the mistake we made. Back in time comes a
"terminator" to kill the mother of the resistance leader in a valid
tactical move, but thankfully, the leader also sends someone back to
protect her  giving us valuable information in the process. While some
of the graphics (and hair, oh, God, the hair) were extremely dated
(also see: the closing, when Schwarzenegger finally loses his skin),
the movie holds up very well, even 25 years later. And it's all thanks
to the interesting and original story as well as the acting. Many
imitated this movie; none came close to the heart of 'The Terminator.'
I even loved the ending. Of course, it opened the doors to sequels, but
if it ended with the storm coming, it would've been okay. They produced
a quality product that honestly didn't need a continuation.
			
***SPOILERS*** The future clashes with the present in the film "The
Terminator" when cyborg assassin played by the robotic-like and
indestructible Arnold Schwarzenegger is sent back to 1984 L.A. on a
mission of murder and survival. The Terminator's mission is to
terminate Sarah Connors, Linda Hamilton, who's yet unborn son John will
start a human uprising against the super intelligent machines who are
destroying what's still left, in 2029, of the human race.As we as well as Sarah soon learn from time traveler Kyle Reese,
Michael Biehn, a human freedom fighter and John Connors' top commander
who's also sent back from the future-2029-that it's of the utmost
importance for her to survive in order to give birth to John who's to
lead a revolt and defeat the future machines which he in fact did.
Sending the Terminator to kill Sarah is the only way the machines can
checkmate John's destruction of them and it's his job, by any means
necessary, to murder her in order to prevent that from happening!Non-stop action with the Terminator hell bent to murder Sarah and Reese
doing his best to prevent that from happening. In his single-minded
effort to rub out Sarah The Terminator spears no effort in arming
himself to the teeth by knocking off a sporting goods store, and
murdering its owner, as he goes out hunting for Sarah Connors in L.A
and its surrounding suburbs. As things turn out the Terminator checking
out the local L.A telephone book ends up murdering two other women with
the identical name of Sarah Connors before he finally tracks down the
one that he's really looking for at a local L.A disco. It's just then
that Reese shows up and with shotgun blazing keeps the Terminator from
completing his murderous mission.On the run from the police as well as the Terminator Reese and Sarah
end up trapped by the killer cyborg at a deserted factory who by now,
with all the bullets and bombs he's absorb, is nothing but a shell,
with his outer plating or human features all but obliterated, of his
former self!***SPOILER ALERT*** Explosive final sequence with the Terminator taring
up the entire factory to get to both Sarah and Reese but ending up like
the pile of junk-nuts & bolts and computer chips-that he at first
started out as when he was created, or manufactured, back in 2029 by
his masters and fellow nuts & bolts people the artificially intelligent
machines! The mindless murderous and disrespectful,to the laws of man
as well as nature, robotic brute was in the end himself terminated by
the very person or persons, Sarah & Reese, who's lives he was out to
extinguish with a super large dose of "Terminal Justice"! As for Sarah
she in fact did survive to give birth, out of wedlock, to her both
future son and rebel hero John Connors. Knowing what the future holds
Sarah is now making sure, via audio recordings and letters, that her
soon to be born son will be ready for the monumental task, after a
nuclear war started by the machines, that's awaiting him in the not so
distant future: As the "Savior" of the "Human Race"!
			
I saw this film in the cable channel listings last night, and by the
time I finished debating whether to watch it or not, it was already
fifteen minutes into the movie. I'd seen it before of course, and more
than once, but I always have a fascination for films that struck me as
groundbreaking when I saw them upon their original release. So I tuned
in, and my review here has more to do with the perspective of twenty
five years having passed since that Orwellian year of 1984.First off, I enjoy the movie, no two ways about it. If you can take Dr.
Silberman's (Earl Boen) word for it, Reese's story is brilliant. But
even back then, a quarter decade ago, I just couldn't buy the sheer
illogic of the story's main plot element. The son of Sarah Connor
(Linda Hamilton) sends Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) back in time to
prevent The Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenneger) from killing the
waitress who's son would lead the resistance against the machines in
the year 2029. Now you can only take the 'chicken or the egg' argument
so far. Even Sarah Connor realized this by the end of the story when
she said it made her head hurt. As laid out, this story couldn't have
happened, and yet it stands as one of the most memorable sci-fi flicks
of all time.And that's OK. I give the picture high marks for it's relentless pace
and the innovative ways the Cyberdine System Model 101 (that would be
Arnold) found to hunt down it's quarry. By today's technology and
special effects, the picture appears somewhat dated, as does Ridley
Scott's "Alien", but that can't be helped any more than the constraints
on an earlier era's "War of the Worlds" (1953) or "The Day The Earth
Stood Still" (1951). Even the skeletal half-Terminator of the film's
finale, which clearly screamed Harryhausen, managed to effectively
engage this viewer in the desperate struggle for survival and victory.
This adventure wouldn't be over until that single red eye went dark,
not in a blaze of glory, but in the suffocating gray defeat of all it's
hunter-killer instinct.Hard to say which Sarah Connor I prefer - the buffed and muscular Linda
Hamilton of the sequel, or the soft and indecisive, almost clueless
Sarah of the original. Therein lies the opportunity for the growth of
the character over the course of the story arc. One needs to follow it
through.One thing I realized today though, and it took twenty five years to
come to it, but the title of this film is "The Terminator". I think
when you're dealing with someone as huge as 'Mr. Universe' and 'Mr.
Olympia' on the world bodybuilding stage, there's no room for defining
the protagonist with the article 'The'. In my book, this film will
always be "Terminator".
			
"Piranha 2: The Spawning" director James Cameron scored his first major
cinematic hit with "The Terminator," a gritty, on-the-run, rough-hewn,
low-budget science fiction actioneer about time travel with a curious
twist. Body builder Arnold Schwarzenegger virtually guaranteed that
this 107 minute exercise in murder and mayhem would be a blockbuster
with his villainous, straight-faced portrayal of a relentless cyborg
that will allow nothing to stand between its programmed objective of
executing a woman, Sarah Connor, in the past. The chief science fiction
element in Cameron's film is the use of predestination paradox where it
appears the history is being altered, when in fact, it is really being
fulfilled. Cameron rehashed much of the "Terminator" action in the
sequel, but he made the Schwarzenegger more sympathetic by having him
serve as young John Connor's bodyguard. Ironically, this $6-million
plus movie wasn't that original because cyborg characters have been
around in fantasy literature as early as Edgar Allan Poe. Nevertheless,
"The Terminator" put cyborgs on the map more than "The Six-Million
Dollar Man" and eventually inspired the "Robocop" franchise."The Terminator" opens in Los Angeles in 2029 A.D., at night while
enemy Hunter Killer hovercraft prowl the post-apocalyptic rubble of the
city for human prey. Heavy combat vehicles with massive treads on their
wheels crush hundreds of human skulls into powder while human survivors
exchange fire with skeletal metal terminators with fiery red eyes. A
preamble of sorts comes up and sets the scene: The machines rose from
the ashes of the nuclear fire. Their war to exterminate mankind had
raged for decades, but the final battle would not be fought in the
future. It would be fought here in our present . . . tonight. The
actual story unfolds at 1:52 AM when a garbage truck driver watches
crackling blue plasma-type waves envelope him and his vehicle.A garbage truck operator is emptying trash bins when a plasma-like web
of jagged blue lighting bolts envelopes his vehicle and shuts off the
vehicle's power. He flees when the T-101 Terminator assassin (Arnold
Schwarzenegger) appears naked out of nowhere. Skynet has sent the T-101
from the future back to the year 1984 to kill the mother of resistance
leader John Connor. The naked t-101 saunters up to a trio of punks at
the Griffith Park Observatory overlooking Los Angeles. An obnoxious,
blue-haired punk (Bill Paxton of "Aliens" and "Twister") and his friend
(veteran heavy Brian Thompson of "Sudden Impact" and "Cobra") ridicule
T-101. The Terminator kills both of them while the third strips off his
clothing. Meanwhile, elsewhere in L.A., another naked man, Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn of "The Rock") materializes from the future. He steals a
homeless man's pants, evades the L.A.P.D., and breaks into a clothing
store, steals Nike sneakers and a trench coat. Whereas the T-101 wants
to kill Sarah, Kyle wants to save her! Not surprisingly, young Sarah
Connor doesn't have a clue that anybody yearns to either murder her or
save her life.Sarah works at a fast-food restaurant. The T-101 finds three Sarah
Connors in the L.A. phone book and kills the first two and then invades
Sarah's apartment and kills her roommate Ginger and Matt (Rick
Rossovich of "Top Gun") her boyfriend. Eventually, Sarah discovers what
is happening and holes up at a night club called Tech Noir where the
T-101 tracks her down. Kyle Reese rescues Sarah and they flee, but the
L.A.P.D. capture them and Reese has to cough up his far-fetched story
to a by pompous psychologist Dr. Peter Silberman (Earl Boen of "Alien
Nation") who doesn't believe a syllable of Reese's saga. Silberman
diagnoses Reese as suffering from paranoid delusions and boasts that he
make a career out of analyzing the guy's stories. During Reese's
interrogation scene at police headquarters with Silberman, Cameron and
co-writers Gale Ann Hurd and an uncredited William Wisher, Jr., provide
audiences with crucial expository information about Skynet and the war
with the cyborgs that seek to annihilate mankind.The bulk of "The Terminator" concerns the T-101's tireless efforts to
kill Sarah while Reese struggles to lead her to safety. During their
flight, Reese and Sarah become romantically involved and Reese gets
Sarah pregnant with future resistance leader John Connor. Talk about
twisted time travel?! Cameron intersperses a flashback to the future
where a T-101 (Schwarzenegger's pal Franco Columbu of "Beretta's
Island") invades a resistance bunker and goes on a murderous rampage
before he is eliminated. Throughout the blazing action sequences,
Cameron gradually strips the T-101 down to its alloyed metal
endoskeleton. Reese explains to Silberman that a Terminator is a
cyborg, half-man, and half-machine that will never stop until it kills
Sarah. Everybody at the police station regards Reese as a fruit cake
with his unbelievable story until the T-101 shows up with an arsenal of
weapons and shoots up the premises, killing at least 17 cops. Reese and
Sarah escape, hid out in a motel where they build pipe bombs, but the
resourceful T-101 finds Sarah's mother, kills her off-screen, and
imitates her so that it can learn Sarah's whereabouts. Another ramped
up chase ensues with the T-101 caught in a blazing 18-wheeler. The fire
scorches its entire body in the last 15 minutes so that all that
remains is the skeleton. Reese dies blowing the skeleton in two. The
torso of the T-101 continues to stalk Sarah until she crushes it in a
tool manufacturing factory so that only the hand and forearm, which
appears in the sequel "Terminator 2: Judgment Day." James Cameron has
more road trip action in this thriller than actual science fiction, but
the action-packed scenes more than deliver their quota of thrills and
chills. One of the earliest scenes in a pawnshop has the T-101
gathering an arsenal of hardware from an unsuspecting clerk (Dick
Miller) and then killing him instead of paying for it. The "I'll be
back" scene at the police station massacre is probably the best scene
in this supercharged little spine-tingler.
			
The film that made Cameron and Arnie into A listers holds up pretty
well after 25 years, with exciting action sequences, laconic cops, a
legendary one-liner and a powerful depiction of a post-apocalypse world
devastated by nuclear war. In 1984, when the film came out, this still
felt like something that might be just around the corner.This is the very ideal of high concept - a cyborg from the future comes
back to kill the mother of a future resistance leader, thus preventing
the humans from defeating a powerful super-computer that's wiped out
most of humanity. The premise is actually borrowed from a Harlan
Ellison-scripted t.v. episode of The Outer Limits, and Cyborg 2087, a
t.v. flick based on a novel by Martin Caidin, which also inspired The
Six Million Dollar Man. Whew!It's what Cameron does with it that matters. The movie holds your
attention from the get-go and Arnie was never better as the soulless,
murderous Terminator of the title. Michael Biehn gives a wonderful
performance as a future resistance fighter sent back in time to prevent
the killing. "It's just him and me" he says at one point. The time
machine's been destroyed, stranding him in 1984, and his cause is
something he's willing to die for. Yet Paul Winfield and Lance
Henriksen raise scene-stealing to an art-form as the two cops trying to
fathom it all out. Stan Winstone's stop motion effects may have dated
but they were state of the art at time the film was made, and Brad
Fiedel's memorable pounding main theme will stay with you long after
the credits have faded. This deserves to be counted with Star Wars and
Blade Runner as one of the great sci-fi movies of its time.
			
James Cameron's time-bending sci-fi classic stars Governor Arnold as
everyone's favorite cyborg sent back in time to assassinate the future
leader of a resistance group that will wage war against a race of
machines.The original film has a low-budget quality that makes it look quaint
next to its big Hollywood sequels, but it somehow works well with the
material. It gives the film the look and feel of one of those
exploitative grindhouse movies from the 1970s, and I dug it.With Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn, and a whole bunch of other
people that would show up in James Cameron's "Aliens" a couple of years
later.Grade: A
			
This is one of the best sci-fi films, with Schwarzenegger traveling
back in time to kill the mother of a future revolutionary. The plot
doesn't holdup too well on scrutiny, but that's why it's called science
fiction. Arnold makes one of filmdom's meanest villains and gets to
utter one of his famous lines, "I'll be back." Biehn is likable as the
hero and Hamilton makes a lovely damsel in distress. Cameron, working
with a small budget in only his second feature film as director, keeps
the action moving at a break-neck pace as the tension mounts. It gets a
little silly towards the end, but is quite entertaining for the most
part.
			
My Take: Revolutionary for its storytelling and influences to the
genre. Highly regarded as one of the best sci-fi films of all time, James
Cameron's brainchild THE TERMINATOR, released in 1984, has severely
suffered a sort of dated feel. Suffering in comparison to the
ever-advancing technology, the special effects and make-up have dated
real badly from the low-tech technology available at the 80's to today.
But in its heart, THE TERMINATOR still holds true with its story and
anti-war message that still holds truth and never is too preachy, in
fact not at all. THE TERMINATOR may not be the place to locate
revolutionary special effects and action scenes, but it's in the
writing department where the true heart of the film lies, as is its
success. Arnold Schwarzenegger is still one of the creepiest bad guys
around as the cold, emotionless cyborg from the violent future sen back
to modern 1984 to kill a woman (Linda Hamilton) who will spawn a son
who will lead humanity against a rebellion against war-machines in a
futuristic war. Michael Biehn has gone surprisingly out of steam as a
hero, so is Hamilton's character who rarely does anything more than
play second-bananas. But THE TERMINATOR still holds a story and some
key moments to hold its audiences. In other words, it still is a
classic remnant of its age, an age where writing goes first above
effects and star players.Rating: **** out of 5.
			
The only Terminator movie that is better then this is Terminator
2:Judgement Day. This is more of a action movie then Part 2. It is
almost a Horror film. It is a Action/ Sci-Fi/Thriller/Romance. It is my
sixth favorite film ever. It is my third favorite time travel flick.
Anyone who has never heard of this movie probably has never heard of a
lot of movies. If you have not seen it, then I definitely recommend it
to you. One guy on here who did not like this film was saying that the
terminator does not have any emotions. Of course, he doesn't, He is a
cyborg. He cannot have emotions and he also said that the chase scenes
were frustrating because the terminator never gets tired. Well, He is
programmed to not get tired so he won't stop ever until you are dead.
That guy who posted that comment is an idiot. He is the worst critic on
here ever. Well, this film is a masterpiece. A great piece from the
80s. I am a big fan of the 80s so I loved this film. MPAA rating:R.
Ages 10 and up. Great film because it is very original. It does not
rely too much on special effects. Some of the special effects are
horrible but who cares? The movie is very realistic.
			
What can you say...The ultimate 80's Sci-Fi actioner, James Cameron's
bleak vision of the future is filmed in a dark, noirish style that
oozes substance with clever narrative devices. The narrative however,
is kept pretty linear, nothing else is happening but what you are
seeing happening. Character development and narrative subtexts are also
kept to a minimum so we are firmly concentrated on the action and the
simple task that this unstoppable killing machine is trying to achieve.
This is a formula Cameron would successfully repeat and more for his
spectacular sequel T2, one of the best examples of a sequel surpassing
its predecessor in terms of quality. However, he had a bigger cast,
crew and lots more money for that and there is no doubt he would have
made most of his later films like The Terminator if he wasn't given
loads of dosh! (Damn Titanic studio execs!) However, The Terminator is
a great, original film in its own right, perfectly suited to its 80's
setting and besides it is also notable for making a star of Arnie. His
monosyllabic T-800 became a cultural icon, getting more menacing as the
film progresses into a thrilling climax. The great score by the
underrated Brad Fidel (no not the Blackburn Rovers goalie!) only adds
to the thrilling effect.8/10
			
Well, what can I say? Real 'knock your sox off' stuff from director
James Cameron."The Terminator" keeps you on the edge of your seat from early on and
barely lets up. Cameron makes full use of a fantastically original and
well-worked script (co-written by himself and producer Gale Ann Hurd),
and the brilliantly choreographed action sequences.Michael Biehn, Linda Hamilton and supporting cast are very believable,
but Arnold Schwarzenegger is perfectly, and I mean perfectly, cast.
Schwarzenegger is the Terminator.Both the special effects and music are also fantastic. "T1" is solid,
excellent entertainment. I can't wait for number two.Saturday, August 3, 1991 - Video Wednesday, September 18, 1991 - VideoJames Cameron's movie still holds up as one of the best action/sci-fi
films ever made.Tuesday, February 25, 1992 - Video
			
"I'll be back." Uttered by the Terminator just before he launches into
a murderous rampage as he looks for Sarah Connor, a woman who will give
birth to the savior of humanity in the future. The Terminator is not
simply an action film. The Terminator is not simply a sci-fi film. It
is both rolled into one. However the Terminator breaks away from the
norm of all flash and no show.Sarah Connor is a regular woman living in Los Angeles. She's normal
until someone attempts to assassinate her and then protected by a man
claiming to be the future. The story is pretty much this stranger
attempting to protect Sarah from this assassin who says very little.
However the assassin is not human, he is a cyborg and the man claiming
to be from the future actually is from the future sent back in time to
protect the mother of the future savior of humanity against the
machines who will attempt to destroy it.When I first read the plot for this I was so confused I was uncertain I
wanted to watch it. Finally I did and I loved it and go back to it for
a good story. The film could have been terrible. Everything could have
gone wrong but Cameron was the driving force behind the film. He makes
everything work how it should from the action to the plot to the
acting. Everything flows as it should. It showed how much skill Cameron
had even in his younger days of directing. (Remember this is 13 years
before Titanic would come out)The acting is nothing great. Yes Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton give
convincing performances. Michael Biehn in my opinion was one of your
top actors in the 80's and he pretty much disappeared. In The
Terminator he is cool, bright, sexy, and all else convincing as a
soldier turned bodyguard. Linda Hamilton shows how true actresses
should act. She convinced me she had no idea what was going on when she
first had that gun pointed in her face. Both leads give strong and
worthwhile performances.Of course the most famous of the film is Arnold. Cold, cunning, and
silent he portrays the Terminator. I really must comment that Arnold
barely does any acting whatsoever except for walking, shooting, and a
rare word or two. However, it doesn't mean he is a waste on the screen.
Arnold, when he found out how little acting he was going to have to do
made sure he was using the weapons correctly and acting as much a
machine as he possibly could. The story is actually very strong. Instead of no evidence being given
of the future a ton of information is given including flashbacks (or
would it be flash forwards) of battles Reese has gone through in his
life. Nothing is set directly, many things have to be figured out on
your own but nothing is really difficult to understand. The plot line
is complex and an amazing world is painted around the storyThe action scenes are some of my personal favorites, especially the
showdown in the police station. Cameron got exactly what he wanted when
he directed the film. He wanted darkness, rage, violence, a story line
that worked. However, the film isn't all about action and violence, it
is about humanity and how it is destroying itself. He wanted to show
what the future could hold for humans with the possession of nuclear
weapons and advancements in technology. He got exactly that. Cameron
wanted to make as dark a film as he possibly could with top action
sequences of the time and a sci-fi world only outdone by Star Wars in a
film. 4/5 stars
			
THE TERMINATOR was a non-stop, slam bang action classic that
established James Cameron as a director to watch and established Arnold
Schwarzenegger as a superstar. Schwarzenegger plays a cyborg from the
future who has been sent back in time to the year 1984 to assassinate a
woman whose son grew up to be great military leader whose enemies want
to wipe out his entire existence by killing his mother. This film was a
smash hit at the box office and became an instant classic. Cameron has
mounted an exciting and riveting story that redefined the action genre
forever. Linda Hamilton (who later became Mrs. James Cameron) delivers
a star-making performance as Sarah Conner, the ordinary woman who is
completely baffled as to why she has become a target for termination.
Michael Beihn is sexy and charismatic as the soldier from the future
who has also been sent back to stop the terminator and protect Sarah.
Paul Winfield and Lance Henriksen garner some chuckles as police trying
to protect Sarah and there's an early albeit brief appearance by a
young Bill Paxton as an early victim of the terminator. If you're an
action fan whose never seen this, it's a must. Followed by a sequel
called TERMINATOR 2: JUDGMENT DAY.
			
The Terminator 1984. Orion Pictures.Review: The Terminator has one of the best stories out there. In the
distant future, a cyborg has been sent back in time to stop the one
that changed everything, and she does not even know it. This is an
engaging, thrilling, chilling, and a wonderful movie experience.
Arnold's performance as the Terminator is one of his best performances
ever. Arnold is the perfect villain here. He's cold, unfeeling,
menacing, evil, and kills without hesitation. Arnold's facials are also
awesome. The Terminator is sent back to 1984 to follow it's prime
directive: Terminate Sarah Connor, and will terminate anyone who will
try to stop him. Micheal Biehn is great as Reese. The one man sent to
stop the Terminator. The story unfolds, and it's gets better with
character and plot development. Listen well. The action is well done
and keeps you pumped. It also takes Sarah a while to finally be
convinced that a evil machine has been sent to kill her. I also like it
when the Terminator's skin begins to tear off and you can see the red
eye's glow and metal skull. Cool visual. The Last Word: Awesome. Remains a timeless classic. The best of the
Terminator series. Arnold was perfect. One of the best villains in the
history of cinema.
			
The Terminator tells the story of a cyborg from the future traveling to
the year 1984 to kill a woman who will eventually give birth to a boy
that will become a war hero in the future. A human soldier is sent back
as well, to protect her. Together, they flee the cyborg, who will stop
at literally nothing to destroy the hope of the future. This is a very
fun action film that most action fans will most definitely enjoy.The Terminator is embedded into everyone's memory as one of the most
recognizable action films ever, as it should be, considering it shot
both director James Cameron and star Arnold Schwarzenegger into super
stardom. This is also a highly referenced, parodied, and quoted film.
It isn't as epic of its superior sequel, but it still manages to pack a
wallop. It was made on a relatively low budget, but it still manages to
look awesome. I liked how James Cameron successfully mixed together
action, science fiction, and suspense to make an exciting movie.The acting in the movie is very good. Arnold Schwarzenegger is
obviously perfect in the role, considering it's his best known. Michael
Biehn and Linda Hamilton are very well together. Look for a young Bill
Paxton as a punk teen.Overall, The Terminator is one of the best action films around, and I
recommend it to anyone who likes action films.8/10
			
Made on a relatively low budget, James Cameron's now-seminal
sci-fi/action thriller should be considered a model of efficient
film-making. Cameron and his fellow artisans managed to create a
tightly-constructed and imaginative film under considerably meager
constraints, and yet the finished film remains highly impressive even
when viewed some 20 odd years later. Aside from a few shoddily obvious
rear projection shots, the special effects are still realistic and
credible, and much of the f/x makeup and prosthetic work remain
seamless. Yet, as impressive as the film's technical merits may be, it
is the sensitive and surprisingly effective storyline that has
propelled this film to the status of modern classic.A creative blend of time-travel science fiction, heart-pounding action,
and organic, non-cloying romance, THE TERMINATOR manages to hit all of
the right notes without ever condescending to the obvious nor feeling
constrained and stilted. Playing the title role elevated Austrian
actor/bodybuilder Arnold Schwarzenegger into Hollywood's A-list
virtually overnight, and the monosyllabic, impossibly built cyborg is
still probably the best use of Schwarzenegger's steely screen presence.
Linda Hamilton is likable and sympathetic as Schwarzenegger's intended
victim, and Michael Biehn is terrific as a weary professional soldier.
Although I also liked the high-octane, effects-heavy, multi-million
dollar sequel, the comparatively low tech original remains a creative
and highly influential watershed moment for the genre.
			
He's buff, stone-faced, and genuinely scary in this movie- my first
thought at the end of this movie was "He'd make a good governor of
California." Well, perhaps not. But it's hard to imagine The Terminator
without Schwarzeneggar (I attempted to spell it without looking), and
maybe that's only because the Terminator and Arnold have become
synonymous since 1984. You can't think Terminator without thinking
"Ah'll be back." Of course, I wasn't even born in '84, so I don't
really know how the movie was received before he became a cultural
icon, but from the perspective of a 16-year-old here and now, I think
it's a great movie.When you ignore the fact that now Ahnold is and always will be the
Terminator, you can see that he really was good in the role. Sure,
there isn't much for him to do- he talks in monotone, glares, and
flexes- but his build, his accent, his face, everything about him was
built for playing a robot- excuse me, cyborg. Kyle Reese would yell at
me for being so glib.The hero of the movie, the aforementioned Kyle Reese, is played by
Michael Biehn, who has a few shining moments, but doesn't really
impress for the rest of the film. Linda Hamilton, on the other hand,
shines throughout the entire movie as a young woman whose entire life
turns upside down. She doesn't do the girlish freakout, a clich that
has grown really old, probably even by 1984; instead, she focuses on
the fact that her life depends on every move she makes- while still
showing fear. Hamilton pulls that off magnificently, despite a script
that throws a few cheesy lines her way, thought she handles the cheese
a lot better than Biehn does.I may sound pretty critical so far, what with the cheese and my
disappointment with one of the main stars, but the truth is, despite
those flaws, the rest of the movie delivers. Some people say this movie
has an anti-nuclear-war message- I say, sure, for maybe five minutes.
This isn't a message movie- it's a thriller, full of meaty action that
really does thrill. The whole movie is basically a chase scene, but the
chasing is gripping and creatively laid out. The only other James
Cameron film I've seen is Titanic, and with these two movies I can tell
that Cameron is very good at engaging the audience in intelligent
action. The plot line is as creative as the action with its detailed
mythology and harrowing climax. I don't want to ruin any of it though,
because it's really a good story. Just see it, and you'll understand.It's a fun movie, and by now has been raised into the classic zone. And
after seeing it a few times and not tiring of it in the least, I can
see why.
			
Then along came a terminator............when I first saw this film in
1985..............it scared me...............the end was a real nail
biter. It was, at first - I feel; a kinda low budget- side alley/ side
track film -that got a kinda cult'a feeling about it.I saw it on VHS at my High school Girlfriends house.............the
dark room, the little movie on TV..............it caught my attention
and held.................and I felt real fear for the Characters!Something about a big metal robot -trying to kill ya.......scary.For a rock'em-sock'em / shoot'em action scfi / thriller the Terminator
is Killer..............and delivers on different levels from different
angles/ age groups. In the 10 times I've seen it since -it always
entertains me................and inspires me. The sergeant Guy from the
Future is the clear hero here................and a good role
model...........(of sorts). The Terminator is all
bad.................here is a arch villain with no revel. It's rare for
grown -up not to see some redeeming quality in in film villains, but
the "The terminator" is one exception.
			
Ultimately there is only one thing that prevents me giving higher score
for "The Terminator": the soundtrack. There was lots and lots of
synthesized music back in 80's and from some reason James Cameron
decided to be cool and hip and he wanted one in his film. Which I think
was a mistake and I am really hoping, that Cameron would do a special
edition with some better tracks. Now, there are some good tracks on the
film, but mostly all action sequences are plagued with those horrible
synthesized music tracks.Now that I've gotten that out from my chest I can say here, that
otherwise I like the film: it's greatly directed and written. Actors
are good and special effects are rather good for their age.A solid action goodness from the flashy 80's. A classic.
			

The Terminator is a 1984 movie starring Arnold Schwarzennegar and Linda
Hamilton, and it is independent. James Cameron made this before he got the
big bucks from Aliens and went on to make Terminator 2: Judgment Day. But to
this day I consider this his best movie, because of the independent
qualities that it has. Arnold's character has become classic now, and
Cameron builds tension and real, actual horror from this creation instead of
relying solely on special effects. This movie is called a thriller but
should also be called a horror, because the way the Terminator chases Linda
Hamilton and Nick Stahl is something to be truly feared, even if he is a
robot. This movie is a futuristic allegory, full of meaning, full of
thrills. One of cinema's most famous lines is "I'll be back." and it is from
this movie. But this movie has never left. It's remained and grown stronger,
and it will for quite a while.My grade: 9/10
			

                              The Terminator was a fabulous film of the
80's. It came close with Empire Strikes Back, Return of the Jedi, and
Scarface. Arnold Scwarzzeneger was fabulous in this movie. He's not a very
good actor but he surprised me in this film and especially in the 2nd one.
The story was great and Michael Biehn was good as the good guy, trying to
save Sarah Connor. I haven't seen him in other films because I heared he was
a bad actor and his war action type films of his so I guess I didn't want to
seen him in them. The special effects were actually good for an 80's film.
Didn't bother me at all and didn't complain once. Good film and
recommended.8/10
			
Of all the 1980's science fiction movies to come out, I think this one
was one of my favorites. It was so very unique and original a story as
to fully capture the imagination. The animatronics they used for the
Terminator was so realistic without ever coming off as contrived or
phony. Even when they used the obvious dummy for Schwarzenegger's face
right after he took out his eyeball, it looked good. If they had had
the techniques in CGI we have now, it would have been much better, but
alas! They did not.This was an excellent story which was well-executed, and was far
greater than the sum of its parts. I loved it through and through. It's
hard to believe they made this movie for less than 10M. Great acting, wonderful plot, good effects, and excellent direction
make for a blockbuster hit for years to come.A definite must-have for all fans of the sci-fi/action genres.It rates an 8.0/10 from...the Fiend :.
			

The Terminator is the beginning of Arnold Schwartzenegger's rule of
Hollywood and it turns out all of California. The Terminator is still his
best role to date. Arnold does a incredible job of playing the unstoppable
Terminator. Linda Hamilton was never what you'd call talented and Michael
Biehn never saw the success that he deserves.James Cameron's greatest talent lies in creating great setpieces and
backdrops for his stories. He also has an eye for action, and The Terminator
has plenty of both. The makeup effects are a bit primitive even for the time
but they were cool then and they still work now. The Terminator's vision is
always been a cool effect to me but it is used sparingly in this film. The
action and gunplay are some of the best ever seen in an Arnold or Cameron
film and that's saying something. Bottom Line: The Terminator is a classic
that doesn't get old and never gets boring. At least when Arnie is
onscreen.
			

My Rating: *** out of ****.The Terminator introduced James Cameron to critics and moviegoers, and was
the start to a pretty decent career. The Terminator will mostly entertain
you, even though its flawed. Cameron had enough talent to make it a
watchable movie.The acting is pretty good. Arnold Schwarzenegger isnt bad as the Terminator,
but i dont think he has enough of a bad presence to be a truly great bad
guy, hes better as a hero. Linda Hamilton is solid as Sarah Connor. Michael
Biehn is fine. They have enough chemistry to make their relationship seem
believable. I feel The Terminator's pace is a bit off in a few areas, I dont know why.
The Terminator effects still look decent, though nothing compared to the
state of the art effects we have now. Cameron does a good job for one of his
first times behind the camera. This is definitely not Cameron's best film,
but it was a good start to his career.  
			

Commenting on this film after watching Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines
was not easy. I've seen it for seven or eight times before this. So when I
sat before my TV to watch it again, just a day after I saw T3 in theatre, it
gave me a new idea. That the Terminator (1984) never meant to be a sci-fi
eye candy based on raw action, which T2 and more precisely T3 have become.
It should be classified into some sci-fi horror to be more perfect. That
creepy Terminator model, that gory look of Schwarzenegger, the night based
story and especially that background music--- all meant to create a feeling
of horror or dark thriller, never a die-hard action flick. I don't know if
seeing this film in the perspective of that era, early 80's, could tell a
different thing. But to be an action movie in today's eyes, Terminator is
not sufficient.Years before The Matrix presented us the very idea that in near future
machines or self-aware computer programs will enslave the human race, there
came this thing... SkyNet. Perhaps to deal with this concept was not
Cameron's primary goal in this rather low budget superhit. His intention was
to make another cult film. Success was much higher than expected, it's true.
But that is not my point. I just mean if Terminator was made in late 90's,
not back in '84, it would have been a much more different movie. Inevitably
the major focus had to be on the basic concept, not Arnold building his
muscles in the rooftop. I realise in sudden horror that it might not cast
Arnold as well... since a killing machine doesn't have to be a Mr. Universe
in figure. And in today's eyes, it would surely be an absurd idea too to an
indie filmmaker.Whether Terminator would succeed if made now as much as it did back then is
a different story. All that is important is its effect on filmmakers
thereafter. It was a flawed film, true. But it created a genre of its own.
It was highly extraordinary, even in the eyes of present-day post-Matrix
viewers. That skin-on-one-side look of Arnie's face became a trademark; his
"I'll be back" became a legend. This film generated several inspired works
but few equals. I know exactly why T2 is a different movie at all.
Terminator is a classic of its own kind.
			

This is one of the most well known sci-fi action films out there, and why
not.  Its packed with solid action, a good plot, and good direction. The
only thing was the special FX, but considering the film's budget and that it
was 1984, they are not bad. But comparing them to today's they are kind of
weak.  But besides that, this is one hell of an action film.  Arnie's
does'nt say much but he does a good as the title character.  I also thought
Michael Beihn gave a good performance as the rebel soldier sent back to
protect Linda Hamilton.  The action scene's were also solid, especially the
car chases and the shootout at the police station.  In all a highly
recommended film, especially for fans of Arnold as well as sci-fi action
film's.  4/5  
			

[CONTAINS SPOILERS]Our story opens Thursday May 12, 1984 at 1:52 AM. (First of
all, that date is non-existant. May 12 did not land on a Thursday
in
1984. It did in 1983. I should know, I was born the next day
on
Friday, May 13 1983.) But anyway, Thursday, May 12 1984 at 2
AM.
Everything is quiet except for the roar of a garbage truck.
Suddenly, a brillitant flash of light occurs and
something
appears. It may look human, but it's really a machine. It's
The
Terminator and he's been sent to Los Angeles to terminate
someone.
Also sent here was a someone to stop the Terminator. This
someone
is human and is named Kyle Reese. He was a soldier in a war in
2029,
defending man kind from destructive machines.
The Terminator's target: Sarah Connor, soon-to-be mother
of
John Connor who leads the humans to victory. Terminator kills
two
other Sarah Connors but they were the wrong ones. He then goes
after
the real Sarah Connor, but Reese is right there to help her
escape.
He tells her of the whole ordeal and she thinks he's nuts. They're
soon
picked up and taken to the police, but the Terminator finds
them
and crashes his car right inside the building. No matter where
Kyle
and Sarah go, the Terminator is right there. The finally blow him
up
in an oil tanker, but now they've got his steel robotic
endoskeleton
to worry about. They go into an automation factory where
sadly,
Reese meets his end. But Sarah traps the Terminator in a
crusher,
says "You're terminated, F***er" then crushes him. She's
safe.Pretty good. It's better than Terminator 2, which they say
is
best of the series. Terminator 3 will be here next year.
This movie made a catch phrase for Arnold Schwarzenegger: "I'll
be
back". If you're a Schwarzenegger fan, I recommend Predator,
or Kindergarten Cop, which is a pretty funny movie. I like the
part
where Arnold's in the classroom and the kids are making a lot of
noise
and he yells "SHUUUUUUUUUUUUT UUUUUUUP!!!!" He was good in
Jingle
All the Way too. Other Terminator stars include Michael Biehn
who
went on to do Aliens (also directed by Jim Cameron). Linda
Hamilton
kept busy too. She appeared in Children of the Corn. So
anyway,
you gotta see The Terminator. If you're in to sci-fi movies
about
half human/half automations, I recommend RoboCop, which I have
written
a review or three about. Check'em out. That's all for now,
and...
I'll be back.-
			

	While this film may not be as good as its successor, it is unquestionably
more impressive. Terminator 2 had a $100 million budget, the largest of any
movie that had yet been made. The Terminator was filmed, produced, and
distributed on a meager budget of $6 million. If you were to watch the
movie, you would never know it. The things that James Cameron was able to do
with such a limited budget is nothing short of remarkable.
Downsides: The 1980's style of this movie makes everyone look absolutely
terrible.  The soundtrack is also one of the worst ever
produced.
3.5 out of 5
			

Nowhere near as good as the sequal but it's still a pretty good movie.
Arnold plays in one of his first movies which made him the greatest action
hero star of all time! He plays the villian Terminator who has been sent
back in time to kill off Linda before she can have a child which will later
on save the world, and in the sequal you'll see her child. But a normal man
also has to protect Sarah. There is a nice love scene where Linda is naked
so that's a big plus and the action is pretty good for what I believe
originally was a B movie, watch this if you haven't seen it, but don't
expect anything near as what you get in T2
			

''The Terminator'' is a masterpiece. It might not be very much of a ''cinema
art''
                              experience but it sure is entertaining. The
actors are perfect ( who can say
                              Schwarzenegger isn't doing a bad job here )
and Cameron gets a great start as a
                              director. Cameron did many good movies later
on ( ''Aliens'' and ''Titanic'' of
                              course included ), but his greatest work ever
has got to be ''Terminator 2''. It's a
                              lot better, but to be on the safe side, watch
this movie first. 8.5 out of 10. 
			
Whilst I don't think this film is perfect, it is still a great watch.
Its action scenes are awesome, its characters are great...well minus
Sarah Connor who is quite annoying. I much preferred Kyle Reese her
more likable and better-looking counterpart. Although I guess they only
portrayed Sarah Connor like this to allow for more character-
development. For what he was, the Terminator was a terrifying villain. Merciless and
powerful.Also I liked how the film was peppered with humour to stop it from
becoming too dark. Read my review here to find out more: http://goo.gl/bVHdx3
			
Although this film has been almost completely overshadowed by it's
vastly superior and instantly classic sequel, Terminator deserves a
place among the greatest sci-fi action films of all time. What James
Cameron was able to accomplish with a measly six million dollar budget
is absolutely incredible. The style of the film is easily comparable to Halloween, the horror
classic which released six years earlier. An unstoppable antagonist
chasing down an initially weak protagonist. This game of cat and mouse
is thrilling, and would be perfected by Cameron in Terminator 2.The film has some flaws, most typical of lower budget and independent
fare. The score is primarily synthesizer sounds. Performances range
from good to bad Linda Hamilton certainly developed as an actress in
a big way by her 1992 return to the franchise. Effects are a
fifty/fifty between jaw-dropping and cringe-inducing, although it
should be noted that Stan Winston's designs are incredible in every
case.Overall, this is a wonderful film with a few minor issues, and should
be seen by anyone who considers themselves a fan of the genre.
			
'That Terminator is out there. It can't be bargained with. It can't be
reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it
absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are dead.' That's the best
line in 'The Terminator' and the main reason it works so well. Having
events wrenched out of your control is, like being tortured or falsely
imprisoned, a basic fear that the movie plays on very effectively. The
villain is completely without conscience, and has only one thing on his
mind  to track down Sarah Connor and kill her  and he keeps on
coming, no matter what. The Terminator is a terrifying character, and
watching him gun down various innocent people in the relentless pursuit
of his quarry gives the film a take-no-prisoners quality that grounds
it in reality while also working as an impressively complete time
travel story.The movie opens with a brief glimpse of an horrific future, one in
which machines have taken over the planet and driven humans almost to
the point of extinction. From this future, two men have travelled back
through time to 1984: the Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger), a cyborg
sent to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton), whose unborn son will lead
the human resistance against the machines; and Kyle Reese (Michael
Biehn), a soldier who has to stop the Terminator from succeeding in his
mission. At first, the movie is careful to obscure who the bad guy is
and exactly what they're both up to, and part of the film's success
lies in the slick exposition, which keeps the film tight and exciting.
Director and co-writer James Cameron displays an economy that would not
be a feature of his later films - at the outset, the film introduces
the three main characters efficiently, and from then on no time is
wasted: the script is tightly structured, the pacing is sure and the
story builds carefully.Unlike the megabucks sequel, this isn't a particularly expensive film.
The visual effects are rough round the edges, and the stop motion
animation effects are dated, but the endoskeleton scenes are still
fantastic, and I'll take obvious model shots over obvious CG effects
any day. The future war sequences, with huge tanks rolling over human
skulls, might not be too slick, but they still have an impact. These
scenes were better realised in T2, but they do the job. Brad Fiedel's
score works in the same way as John Carpenter's score for 'Halloween' 
simple and effective, pushing along with a cold, ominous, rhythmic
repetition that perfectly suits the Terminator's methods.The violence in the movie isn't too bloody, and it certainly isn't
gratuitous; a lot of people die, but it's all part of the story. For
instance, the most chilling scene in the movie comes when Sarah and
Reese have been taken to a police station and the Terminator turns up
at the front desk. He hasn't been created for subtle negotiation, so he
crashes through the doors in a car and proceeds to walk calmly through
the building, shooting anyone who gets in his way. The neutral
expression on the Terminator's face as he systematically guns down cop
after cop is really quite unsettling, and you're left in no doubt that
what Reese has said is true: he will never stop until he's done what he
came to do. The title character is Schwarzenegger's best role, and good use is made
of his imposing physical presence without him having to act too much,
which is always a good idea. Kudos to Cameron, though, for not relying
on Arnie's massive frame to make him an effective villain, but making
his programmed determination the most frightening thing about him. As
Reese, Biehn also gets the best role of his career; he's strong but not
obviously heroic, and he convinces as a battle-worn soldier. Hamilton,
an underused actress whose only memorable roles have been this and
Catherine in the excellent 'Beauty and the Beast' series, makes the
most of her part, toughening up believably over the course of the film
but staying vulnerable enough for us to care about her.While the three leads are taking care of the serious stuff, much of the
humour in the film comes from the supporting cast, like Paul Winfield
and Lance Henrikson as cops, and Earl Boen as the police psychiatrist.
Their interaction and morbid jokes sketch in a bunch of likable
characters. Biehn and Henrikson are Cameron favourites; another, Bill
Paxton, also appears early on as a punk, while Dick Miller pops up as a
gun shop owner, presumably as a holdover from Cameron's days with Roger
Corman. The cast is roundly solid, fun to watch and believable.'The Terminator' works because it takes on a gritty tone, places the
action in a realistic setting and is heartless with its characters.
It's one those movies that, like 'Die Hard', takes characters we like
and puts them through the wringer. By the end of the movie, everybody's
dirty, scarred and tired. Many of the people we got to know are dead,
the survivors are now in a world that's irrevocably changed (something
that the sequel built on). This is one of those movies that has you
walking carefully out of the room when it's over, checking round
corners even though you know there's nothing there. It's that unquestioning Terminator stare as he steps over various
bodies in his pursuit that gives the movie much of its effect, and
that's what stays with me. Near the start of the movie, since he
doesn't know which Sarah Connor he's looking for, he shoots his way
through the names in the phone book until he finds the right woman.
Cameron has arguably made better films since, but he's never recaptured
the efficient simplicity of this one.
			
I had seen numbers 2 and 3 of the series but not this one and so was
interested in going back to the origins after watching the latest
installment. I understand now why it was critically praised and strong
enough to launch a franchise. It also helped very much into
understanding some aspects of the last film. Actually, the first
Terminator struck me at how internally logical it was in its fictional
concept which is not an easy thing to do considering the inherent
pratfalls whenever time travel is involved. It just consistently made
sense compared to the plot holes of Salvation.The action was obviously much lower-budget but it felt right and it
looked good. The director James Cameron filmed some very effective
stunts that still hold up today. You could always tell what was going
on and follow the action. The terminator was an imposing menacing
presence. Arnold Schwarzenegger in the title role played it without
showing any emotion (which makes sense) while his massive physique,
ponderous movements and plastic looks (he does look artificial
sometimes!) sell the character. You could nitpick that the head of
Arnold was obviously replaced by a fake head sometimes (mirror scene)
but weirdly it kinda worked anyway into making him more creepy. The
other main roles, Sarah Connor and Reese, were played just right
showing enough emotion without going into overexagerated melodrama.
They were believable and likable. When reviews of Salvation complain
about lack of heart, you get it more when you see the characterizations
and character development here (even more so after Terminator 2).Since I already knew most of the twists, from having seen the later
movies, it is difficult for me to comment on them. However, I must say
they were well implemented and must surely have been effective back
then. The story was quite interesting and the glimpses of the future
were particularly engrossing. The soundtrack sometimes seemed a bit
weak with the synthesizers but one should see it as a "time capsule" of
the eighties (time the movie takes place and when it was filmed) and
basically it fits with the haircuts and wardrobes of the time. It's
worth a rental as a piece of sci-fi action history or a purchase if
you're a James Cameron, Schwarzenegger or Terminator fan. Be careful of
which edition you get as some versions with extras do exist. Rating: 8 out of 10
			
In 2026 machines have taken over and are killing mankind--but one man
is beating them. A cyborg (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is sent from the
future to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton)-the mother of that
man. Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) also goes back to prevent him from
killing her.Now legendary science fiction action film is every bit as good as its
reputation. It moves quickly and is full of action and violence almost
virtually nonstop. There are plenty of exciting high speed car chases
and a knockout sequence when Arnie basically decimates an entire police
station--and everyone in it. The special effects are impressive
especially considering this was a low-budget film. The plot is
intelligent and intricate--it treats its audience with respect. There
are some amusing things that date this--the VERY 80s music soundtrack,
the Tech Noir club (which has a $4.50 cover charge) and hysterically
bad clothes.The acting isn't that good. Schwarzenegger is perfectly cast as a robot
and Biehn walks through his role. Only Hamilton gives a good
performance--but who watches this for the acting? Also there are some
familiar faces in small roles--Bill Paxton (as a punk); Dick Miller
(the gun store owner); Rick Rossovich (as a doomed boyfriend) and Paul
Winfield and Lance Henriksen as police officers. Also this is the film
that gave Arnie his infamous "I'll be back" line.This movie has its lulls--it does come to a screeching halt when Reese
and Connor get to know each other (even though that sequence IS
necessary) and it does have to take time out to explain things. Still
this is an exciting, violent movie well worth catching. This rightfully
put director James Cameron on the map.Best line: "You're terminated f**ker!"
			
This is a good science-fiction movie, and I especially like the paradox
which involves the birth and existence of John Connor. Arnold
Schwarzenegger is good as the titular character since his role calls
for the acting skills he can provide: the acting skills needed for a
robot.The premise is simpler than I expected it to be: kill Sarah Connor to
prevent the birth of a hero named John Connor. Sadly, there is not much
characterization coming from Sarah Connor until the last few minutes of
the movie. It is disappointing that the focus of the film is on
Schwarzenegger since poor special effects make up the terminator's face
once he tears his own eyeball out.Sadly this film is nowhere on the same scale as the sequel, but I guess
being made 7 years earlier, this movie was bound to have lesser special
effects than the 2nd one. But it is not just the special effects; like
Alien being compared to Aliens, this film just has less action due to
less extras (in this case, less police) than the sequel, which makes
for a less exciting adventure movie.I didn't mind the movie, but I don't see all the fuss about why this is
so iconic. I have more interest in the characters as well as the action
in Judgment Day. Finally, I have to say it is really cool how The
Terminator is both on the top 50 villains and top 50 heroes lists
according to AFI.
			
A few dodgy f/x shots and some questionable mid-80s dance music aside,
James Cameron's 30 year old 'The Terminator' holds up and then some.
Like its title character, this movie is just relentless, always
charging straight ahead and only pausing long enough for some well
executed character development before setting off again.The cast is so uniformly perfect that you can't even imagine anyone
else in their roles. It was a star making turn for Arnold, and
deservedly so, but Linda Hamilton, and particularly Michael Biehn, are
also fantastic.We all know that the entire premise--clever as it is, and as well as
it's executed--doesn't hold up to much intellectual scrutiny, but in a
movie populated by cyborgs and such, I'm willing to give in and just
enjoy.
			
It's hard to believe that the original Terminator film was James
Cameron's first big budget Hollywood effort, well unless you count
Piranha 2: The Spawning.As I do.While hundreds of 80s films now gather dust in cupboards and shelves
across the planet housed neatly in brittle plastic VHS boxes  guys
throw them out, it's not coming back!  some films carry on to be
repackaged and repurchased in ever more pointless formats and editions.
Check out the "We mean it this time; Ultimate Edition", or my favourite
(and 100% real): TOTAL RECALL  Single Disc Edition!! Suffer all those
guys who foolishly bought the 2 disc version. Losers! So I think by now
with the prequels, sequels, threequels and nyquils that two visitors
from the future are sent back to change or preserve the future,
depending on what side you're on.The first is about 6 foot 5, nude and built like a heart with a head
and legs, and when he asks you for your clothes just give 'em to him,
it will lengthen your life expectancy.The second guy is an average guy that just seems skinny and scrawny by
comparison to the living tissue over metal exoskeleton guy, that may be
because he isn't 85% titanium and doesn't have a CPU in his head, or it
may be because Michael Beihn went to acting lessons instead of the gym
I guess we'll never know.Now the second guy is the good guy, his name is Kyle Reese, he knows
the son of the woman targeted for termination by the other big metal
guy, despite the fact that she isn't yet a mother  or even pregnant.
That chickie is Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton), and she works happily in
a local fast food restaurant and lives with her ditzy flatmate and a
giant lizard Wait, wait, wait Wait.WAIT! None of this is important. What matters is just how cool all of
this was then, and remarkably how cool it still is over 25 years later.The makeup effects on the damaged T1000 (Arnie as the bad-robot) are
awesome, and you totally forgive the fact that in a couple scenes it is
obviously an animatronic head when you realise that it still looks
really cool. Other scenes though that are definitely Arnold and you
could swallow the fact that half his face is peeled off and he is
filled with metal. The use of flashbacks  which are actually
flashforwards to the future  are all realised spectacularly,
especially when you understand just how low the budget was and how
low-tech some of the tricks they used at the time (Yes I watched the
special features), and once Arnie the exterior is gone and the shiny
and gleaming robot version of him mercilessly and relentlessly
continues its dogged pursuit of Connor it is still awe-inspiring.All this before I even mention that the guy teased for being so robotic
through his career is actually playing the robot. Arnie must have loved
this role, they actually told him to be more wooden than normal, so
instead of long speeches and pages of dialogue he gets to spit out
maybe 15 lines of dialogue in the whole film and one of them turned out
to be his own personal catchphrase even though James Cameron wrote it
for him! Well I'm out of exclamation points, suffice to say if you're
hanging around waiting for the next Alien Vs Predator, or you're
lamenting how The Expendables just wasn't that rocking and you haven't
seen The Terminator? Arise Sir Knight and head immediately to the video
store (if it still exists) post-haste to rectify your oversight.Final Rating  8.5 / 10. A pretty simple story is laid out over an
elaborate framework, then given a brilliant backstory. Add some
superior SFX and a mono-syllabic Austrian bodybuilder and you've got
yourself a timeless classic.
			
this is a brilliant film of course, but certain things do occur can put
a deeper slant on the plot if you analyse it.Firstly Kyle Reese's arrival in 1984 Los Angeles. We are given the
insight in the opening sequences that the world he comes from has
become a desolate hell, beyond imagination. So i find it a bit odd that
he should not be overawed with the relative comfort of 1984 and suffer
a spot of freaking out accordingly, not leg it into a department store
and try on a pair of Nike Sneakers. Also some pussy would probably not
go a miss either.Then the line that always gets me is the "Terminator is out there"
speech. OK fair enough but what if the Terminator had killed Sara
Connor? What isn't explained is what would the Terminator do until
1997? I like to think he would possibly go on an extended vacation to
Acapulco or something.I also find the scenes where Sara's friend is having multiples
listening to her Walkman to be a bit superficial as well, especially
when she goes into the kitchen and starts drumming with some celery.
			
The explosion of Arnold Schwarzenegger's career, the emergence of James
Cameron, and a couple classic one-liners are among the many things
"Terminator" brought into cinematic culture forever, but one of the
least considered gifts of this 1984 smash sci-fi action thriller is the
introduction of movie goers everywhere to "the future."A "terminator" cyborg (Schwarzenegger) is sent from the future with a
specific objective to kill a girl named Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton).
Hot on the terminator's trail, however, is a human from the future
named Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) who must save Sarah. Why? Sarah is the
mother of John Connor, the leader of humanity's only resistance in the
future when our machines/computers turn on us. The machines, desperate
during this future war, have turned to time travel to completely
eliminate Connor's existence. "Terminator" is a story that takes place
in the present (well, 1984 present) but it's relevance is for the
future and does include some "flash-forwards" of what creator James
Cameron's man vs. machine apocalyptic future might look like. Most
significantly, it's film's first serious attempt to imagine where
science and technology might lead us.Sure, "Star Trek" and "2001: Space Odyssey" are among some of the ways
Hollywood has imagined the future, but those are much more fantastical
and not focused on Earth. "Terminator" is a much darker depiction that
strongly considers science, not on dreaming up crazy sci-fi gadgets and
the like. It's also more of an action thriller than sci-fi, seeing as
the action mostly takes place in the 80s. Basically, the Terminator is
an unstoppable force that follows Sarah and Kyle wherever they go no
matter how many bullets he takes or explosions he endures. It's a
non-stop thrill ride that really gets your blood pumping.While the movie thrives mostly on your amazement with the Terminator,
wondering if he'll ever be stopped and how much carnage you'll get to
watch along the way, eventually you get hooked on the future/sci-fi
element as Kyle tells Sarah all about what's going on or he tries to
convince the police to believe him. What makes each scene so
attention-grabbing, however, is the mechanical nature of the way
Cameron has shot this movie. Everything the terminator does is filmed
in a very sequential manner, using lots of angles instead of constant
camera movement. What's interesting is that he films construction
vehicles and other normal machines we're used to in the same way, using
close ups as if they're working on their own, without humans. It's his
way of using the present to foreshadow the future.The acting in the movie and love story that develops between Sarah and
Kyle are among it's biggest weak points. Hamilton is good, she really
stands out as the most normal, human thing about the whole film, but
Biehn is terrible as a lead actor. He comes across as creepy and odd
and you only like him because he's helping Sarah, so when she starts to
like him, you're kind of grossed out. Someone stronger would have made
this a nearly flawless action film. So while "Terminator' may seem like an example of a classic because of
Schwarzenegger and all the action and explosions, it really leaves its
mark as showing how capable Hollywood can be of creating an
entertaining AND believable future, inspiring future films (no pun
intended) to do just that.
			
what can one say about this movie.i mean it's a true classic,and was
way ahead of it's time,in terms of its vision.it launched director
James Cameron's career into high gear.it made a big household name of
of Arnie.his performance in this movie is pitch perfect as the title
character,an unstoppable killing machine.Linda Hamilton and Michael
Bien are also good.the effects were pretty good for the time,i
think,though there weren't that many.there is even a bit of humour in
the mix,with some great,memorable one liners.the movie definitely
leaves an impact,and has had a huge influence in popular culture,even
to this day.my vote for The Terminator is a very strong 8/10
			
"The Terminator" is arguably the role that Arnold Schwarzenegger was
born to play. It is, in my humble opinion, his best film. It's the only
time in his career, I believe, where he played a totally villainous
character with no redeeming qualities (forget about "The Iceman" in
that Batman film).Written and directed by James Cameron, the action and suspense are
non-stop from start to finish. And the best part is that Arnold has
minimal dialog, which I believe adds to the sinister nature of his
character.The Terminator (Arnold) is sent back to the present (i.e. 1984) from
2029 to terminate Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) who will give birth to
a futuristic leader, John Connor. Also traveling back in time is Kyle
Reese (Michael Biehn) who is sent by Connor to stop the terminator.We learn from Reese that the terminator is a cyborg, part machine, part
human who is programmed only to seek out and kill Sarah Connor. He has
no feeling and cannot be reasoned with. Two other women with the same
name are murdered by the terminator before Sarah realizes the Reese is
trying to help her. We also learn that neither Reese nor the terminator
can return to the future.The police, led by Lt. Ed Traxler (Paul Winfield) and Detective Hal
Vukoviich (Lance Henriksen) try to give Sarah police protection. When
the terminator tracks her down to the police station. Arnold utters his
now famous line: "Ah'll be back!" And back he is.The rest of the film has Reese and Sarah encountering and escaping from
the terminator until....................................Arnold makes a terrifying villain. Its a wonder, he didn't seek out
more such roles. Hamilton makes a fetching heroine. she was or was
about to be marries to James Cameron around this time. Watch for Bill
Paxton as the leader of the punks who confront Arnold at the beginning
of the story.Followed by two sequels where Arnold reprises his role, but as a good
terminator.
			
The Terminater: Huge and almost unstoppable, but not just a tank with
legs, it uses subterfuge and guerrilla tactics to hunt its enemy down.
It has an artificial intelligence that seems both human and machine.Reese: Was raised in a future concentration camp, instead of Nazis they
are run by machines and their credo is not to wipe out one race but all
races, all organic life. Sarah Conner: mother to a hero, but when we first see her she's just an
ordinary twenty year old with no major plans for the future.There are many great scenes in Termniater and a few duff ones, in
places the effects look great and in others the budget and technology
of the time make scenes look dated. The main theme of the film is
technology gone out of control, this was made during the height of the
cold war and 'a nuclear error' (to quote Joe Strummer) was on everyones
mind. the Termninater is a great screen villain, completely implacable
following his grisly programming without an iota of self doubt, truly a
'super soldier'. The cast turn in great performances even the minor
roles are well fleshed out, particularly the humorous interplay between
the 'seen it all before' detectives. It has a bleak apocalyptic ending
with Sarah retreating to the mountains of Mexico to raise John in
isolation to fight the future war.
			
The film tells the story of an apocalyptic war between the human race
and the machines we created. Sometime in the late 1990s a computerized
strategic defense network, called 'Skynet', is trusted to control the
American nuclear arsenal. Unfortunately, at least for the human race,
Skynet becomes self-aware and decides to eradicate all human life on
the planet. To this end it begins a global nuclear war, a war that
results in the total annihilation of two thirds of the global
population. From the ashes of the nuclear fire rises the first of the
machines, built in automated factories for one purpose  to hunt down
and eliminate the remaining humans. The newest of these machines are
the Terminators, infiltration units that are part man and part machine.
These unstoppable cyborgs are able to blend in seamlessly with other
humans; they feel no pity or remorse and will not stop until they have
accomplished their mission.The Terminator is a classic film that deserves to be part of anyone's
collection. It has a good storyline, features some solid performances
and has great special effects (if you consider the age of the film).
Arnie is perfectly cast as the Terminator, especially as he doesn't say
much (usually a bonus as far as his acting is concerned)! Check out the
2nd one it is better in allot of ways. The third one fits in as a good
end to the trilogy!
			

Starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Michael Biehn, Linda Hamilton. Sarah
Connor is an ordinary woman in the 80s, until a strange evil robot
called the Terminator comes back in time from the 2010s. It turns out
that an evil Corporation called Skynet created evil machines in the
future that wiped out humanity, and in the future, Sarah Connor's son
would be the one to stop the machines from taking over. That is why the
Terminator is trying to kill her.A man from the future comes to help her and keep her alive, and away
from the horrifying killer machine. A sci-fi film not to be missed.
Terminator is the first in its series.Grade: 8/10MPAA Rating: RMy Rating: Ages 15 and up (strong violence, some nudity, language, some
sexual content)

			

The Terminator is one of the best Science Fiction films ever made. Although
the plot is somewhat simplistic, the non-stop action and excellent
performances more than make up for the thin plot.  One of Arnold's best
performances (due to the lack of dialogue). Highly recommended for Sci-Fi
fans. My rating 8.8 on a scale of 10.
			
I imaging that in 50 years from now, or even more, people will still be
watching this movie withs lots of joy and respect. Even though the
movie its look is already outdated, it still is a movie that speaks to
the imagination and is both tense and spectacular to watch. "The
Terminator" is one of those movies everyone should have seen at least
once in his or hers life.What makes "The Terminator" already such a classic today is a
combination of certain factors. Of course the title character 'The
Terminator' played by Arnold Schwarzenegger is perhaps the biggest
reason. He doesn't have to speak any lines to make a lasting
impression. His presences and looks is more than enough to make his
character a classic one. Another element is the fantastic imaginative
futuristic story and concept, that is made totally believable thanks to
the professionality of both cast and crew. Action-director James
Cameron uplifts the movie with some dynamic action sequences and
shootouts, despite the movie its fairly low-budget.Lets be fair, "The Terminator" is a B-movie. The special effects are
below average, even for 1984 standards, the actors are B-stars (Michael
Biehn and Lance Henriksen, who I both really like as actors by the way,
are the biggest indication of this.) and the story is of course
incredibly B-movie like once you start thinking about it. The movie
however is really uplifted by mainly the directing from James Cameron
and the presence of Arnold Schwarzenegger. It gives the movie both a
sense of reality and tension as well as making it spectacular and
action filled.The movie has '80's written all over it. The clothes, the hair, and the
ultimate '80's music and musical score by Brad Fiedel, it's all
terribly '80's like which makes this movie perhaps a bit more outdated
than it is.Unfortunately the movie also has some (unesacary) slow moments toward
the ending of the movie. It doesn't really blend in with the rest of
the movie which is fast paced and action packed. I also was never a big
fan of the ending. Once Arnie seizes to be 'The Terminator' it's not as
tense and scary anymore.Other than that, this is a fantastic and already classic
science-fiction/action movie with thriller elements in it.8/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/
			
As a Christian I'll try by God's help to uncover the spiritual meaning
and influences of this movie, including the causes of its popularity
and enduring factor.I watched it more than 20 years ago, even before really believing in
God and His Son and my Lord Jesus Christ.At first sight Terminator seems to be a typical late 70s-early 80s
action/horror movie, which were mostly based during the night, like
early John Carpenter's movies Halloween, Attack on Precinct 13 and
Escape from New York, which adds to the fear factor, as having a
seemingly unstoppable and almost silent villain, who seems to represent
pure evil, barely stopped by a final girl.The cause might be rooted in the global politic and economical crisis
which was occurring then, lack of resources, large unemployment, rise
of crime, as well as fear of nuclear war.The difference is that Terminator offers a solution to these fears, a
savior figure who could deliver the humanity even from the case of the
worst  a nuclear holocaust.The main source of inspiration for Terminator is actually Christian
faith and the Bible, which already predicted a future Judgement day,
great tribulation, as well the Savior in Son of God Jesus Christ.I think it is by God's help that this movie was made, even in Hollywood
industry, a money-making business; but nobody likes pure materialism,
hence it is the spiritual subtext acts as a parable, assuring its
popularity, despite increasing apostasy from Christian faith and
worldliness.As God and Lord Jesus Christ said: "Therefore speak I to them in
parables: because seeing they see not; and hearing they hear not,
neither do they understand." (Matthew 13:13)Sarah Connor a young woman, a to be mother of the future savior, John
Connor. The names seem inspired from Sarah wife of Abraham, who
miraculously by God's help bore Isaac in her old age, as Bible says
"Through your descendant all the nations of the earth will be blessed,
because you have obeyed me" and name of Jesus Christ with initials JC,
led to Sarah and John Connor (JC).It is shown that in the future an artificial intelligence called Skynet
attempted to destroy all humanity by starting a nuclear war and
extermination of humans in death camps.However humans led by John Connor managed to defeat it, so to prevent
its destruction it built a time machine and sent a killer cyborg into
the past, called the terminator, to kill the mother of the unborn John
Connor, Sarah.Terminator acts like king Herod, who ordered killing of all children
from Bethlehem to kill also the king of Israel and Messiah Jesus
Christ, attempting to kill all women called Sarah Connor.The terminator seems to be influenced by earlier movie robot types such
as evil clone of Maria from 1920s Metropolis, also with deep Christian
influences.Having no shame, no guilt, no fear, no mercy, acting like a beast, not
a human, he seems to be inspired by image of the beast from the book of
Revelation "And he (beast of earth) had power to give life unto the
image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and
cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should
be killed. And he causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free
and slave, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their
foreheads.." (Revelation 13:5-6)In this lies conviction of those who are human in appearance only, but
are like beasts in their action, lacking love, care, goodness which
come only from God, who makes us human.To protect Sarah Connor, her son John sends one of his soldiers Kyle
Reese, as was mentioned in one internet article, acting as both angel
Gabriel and Holy Spirit of God, telling Sarah about her future son and
conceiving him in her.In this is the paradox enacted, the son acts like his own father, by
sending his real father to save him and conceive him from his mother.
It is close to the Christian faith notion of trinity, where God is
altogether Father, Son and Holy Spirit, as humans made in his image are
composed of mind, body and spirit, yet are one being.After a long round of chases, Sarah and Kyle manage to damage and burn
the flesh of the cyborg, as was prophesied: "And the beast was taken,
and with him the false prophet that worked miracles before him, with
which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and
them that worshiped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake
of fire burning with brimstone." (Revelation 19:20)By the last remaining bomb, the terminator is badly damaged, crawling
without feet, Kyle is killed and Sarah badly injured, unable to walk
too. Finally she manages to crush it under a press, reminding me the
Genesis prophecy from God about serpent aka Satan's fight against
humans and being destroyed by a hit to the head:"And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because you have done this,
you are cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field;
upon your belly shall you go, and dust shall you eat all the days of
your life: And I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between
your seed and her seed; he shall bruise your head, and you shall bruise
his heel." (Genesis 3:14-15)Thus i thank God and Lord Jesus Christ for giving me wisdom to uncover
it as an apocalyptic tale of struggle between Satan and Jesus Christ
who will win and will lead his people to the promised land, God's
Kingdom of Heaven.
			
Right from what i could gather this film appeared to be about a down
and out vagrant who seemed to muster up an elaborate story all for the
sake of getting into the panties of the waitress across the road that
he lusted over from the view he had of her from his cardboard box. And
all this whilst having peed off a German biker that he some how managed
to convince Sarah that he was a robot rather than the man he pick
pocketed last week at the local mall.A romantic tale of how one guy could cheat and lie for the affections
of the local waitress.Its a thumbs ups from me as i am quite a soppy guy ,i do love my
romance films so i am going to give this one a respectable 8, i was
going to give it a 7 but Arnie's superb acting made me give it an extra
star.
			

The tragedy of the doomed ship Titanic has inspired many books and movies.
The battle
between nature and technology always caught man's imagination. The latest
film concerning
this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by famous action
movie filmmaker
James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" involves two fictional characters
(Leonardo DiCaprio
and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist, the
other is an aristocrat)
and how their love triumphs over societal barriers and the tragedy of a
sinking ship that they
happen to be on.First of all, although using a historical name, this movie had little regard
to history. The plot
was built around two fictional lovers, French diamond, and treasure hunters.
The deaths of
over a thousand of people on the greatest luxury ship of its time became a
mere background. Many
historical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator that
ignored the iceberg
warnings? Why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles away
from the Titanic
but did not come to the rescue because its captain failed to identify the
distress signal?
Omitting these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the point of
flavoring this
historical disaster with fictional cheesy romance when the story is already
as sad as it is.The overall plot was rather shallow; rich equals greed and corruption,
poverty equals
compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $200 million to make a
movie about how
money corrupts. There was absolutely no human side shown in anti-heroes. It
seemed like
Billy Zane was playing a part of the devil. Casting was also very poor. If
DiCaprio was 2
inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear she was his baby-sitter. The
length of the movie
was unnecessarily stretched to over 3 hours. First hour and the half was
wasted on
establishing the relationships between the characters that were known to
audience long before they went to theater and the dialogue that was used to
do so
made it even worse. Hearing corny pick up lines such as "I see you" and
"This is my side of
the ship" generated more pain than the screams of drowning people. Also,
jokes were too
abundant and rather lame."Titanic" did involve some moving scenes such as the part when the musicians
were playing
while the ship was sinking but they were no way near anything original. The
best thing about this film were its special effects, and that is
the
only thing that truly deserved an award.Although this film lacked artistical value in overall sense, the public
could not resist a
sentimental story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the movie became a
success. Now it is
safe to say that the industry will be less hesitant to invest large amounts
of money in a single
motion picture, so it seems that "Titanic" did achieve something after
all.

			

Once upon a time there was a director by the name of James. He brought
us wonderfully, thrilling science-fiction such as Terminator and
Aliens. These movies were the stuff blockbusters were made of and he
looked to have a fantastic future ahead of him as the dawn of computer
generated special effects landed upon the film industry. Terminator 2
showed gave us glimpses of what was possible in this new era........and then it happened...................1997........countless
awards..........obscene amounts of money............outlandish barrage
of advertising............maximum profit margin........Titanic was
here!I have never (ever) been one to jump on the bandwagon and be overly
critical for the sake of it, in fact I have often taken the opposite
stance from the majority just to get an argument going. Titanic however
was a film I only took one single positive out of - that of Kate
Winslett being absolutely gorgeous throughout!Quickly - the dialogue was like something out of Beverly Hills 90210,
the acting was more wooden than my nephew's tree house, images meant to
terrify were actually comical (man falling from ship and hitting
propeller), historically false (don't even get me started because
there's too much), it had dire theme music (up there with the bodyguard
for cheese) and the pointless love story was so tedious, self absorbing
and pathetic that it disrespected the plight of everyone else involved
(I was glad when he died and disappointed when she did not).It was plainly obvious from the word go that this picture was designed
to appeal to MTV watching, bubblegum chewing, boy-with-car chasing,
teenage girls (DeCaprio himself resembled something less heroic than
the weedy member of a boy band) who would drag their sex-starved
boyfriends out for a three and a half hour chick-flick hoping to get
lucky later! The worst aspect was that it did not stop at that point.
Millions of dumbed down, culture vultures went to see this expensive
waste of celluloid because "it cost so much to produce it must be
great" and "Steve and Barbara said it was good and they know their
movies". The crowning glory arrived when Titanic swept the boards at the Academy
Awards. King James of Hollywood had a serious moment of silence for the
victims of the fatal evening on which his three and a half hour farce
was based. It looked to me as if he was praying for forgiveness after
making a fortune off inaccurately portraying the circumstances that
lead to the death of a lot of people. However, if people are stupid and sentimental enough to buy into this
kind of rubbish they deserve to get ripped off. Good luck to Hollywood
if that is how they want to make money, I'd do it if I had those kind
of chances in life!It is right up there on my all time worst movies list with other silly,
historically false/human interest tripe like "The Patriot" and "Pearl
Harbor".

			
The producers and writers of Titanic obviously believed they'd bore and
alienate the targeted teen and twenty-something audience to the point
of losing them if the characters had the attitudes, mannerisms and
style of speech that was appropriate for the time, so they had Jack
(Leonardo Dicaprio) and Rose (Kate Winslett) speaking contemporary
dialogue in a contemporary style, or at least contemporary for '97. A
young man in 1912 would not say, "You seem more like an indoor girl."
Aside from a certain hostile type of mental patient or the most
outrageous and anti-social bohemian agitator, young adults in 1912 did
not repeatedly tell their elders to shut up. The creators of the film
are counting on what they perceive to be the teen and young adult's
lack of knowledge or interest in the values and social customs of the
very early 20th century. Since they want the audience to get swept away
by the drama and romance of Jack and Rose they want them to relate to
everything about them. I remember that this was billed as somewhat of a
a fantasy re-imagining of a real event, but this type of historical
revisionism, I think, in which human behavior is simply made more
familiar, is an insult to any viewer with a 3-digit I.Q. One continuity
problem that really gets me is how, when the ship is sinking and Jack
and Rose are still inside, the water level is lower and the water
becomes calmer around them every time they have a conversation. Again,
the makers of the film don't want the reality of the disaster to
encroach on, or distract us from, the passionate young romance they're
trying to draw us into. Clearly the creators of the film think that the
romance is a bigger draw for a major segment of the audience than the
story of an enormous disaster that killed over 1,500 people and I'm
sure they're right, but often when true and fictional stories exist in
the same movie, one weakens the impact of the other, and it's certainly
true in this case. I haven't seen the new 3D version but I assume the
only change is the 3D effect. This is a bland, pandering,
intelligence-insulting and epically overrated epic.
			
Well, this certainly put bums on seats. Great special effects, great
cinematography, nudity, steamy sex scene, spitting competitions,
shoot-outs, and a tragic ending to a beautiful love story - all aboard
the S.S Titanic! This makes for, I'd say, the worse of the well-known
Titanic movies. It had a much bigger budget and such better special
effects, but for extreme lack of sincerity and authenticity it is by
far the worse. The producers actually seemed to make an effort - in
some parts at least - to include 1990s attitudes into a 1912 setting:
note the rude finger Kate Winslet gave to the antagonist while escaping
down the lift.Kudos to James Cameron for putting so much effort into building the
actual ship from original blueprints and for focusing so much attention
on realistic FX, and making the film, in parts, so profoundly
historically accurate. But in those parts in which the film was not
profoundly accurate, it was profoundly the opposite and disgustingly
so. Shame on Cameron for making the focus of the film a soppy, clichd
love story; the kind of which we have seen dozens of times. And shame
for making those scenes which were historically and poignantly accurate
mere backdrops to this standard and fictionalised love story.But in our times, this kind of lowest-common-denominator love story
puts bums on seats and millions forked out to see Winslet and DiCaprio
fall in love, ride on the bow, and finally say a tearful, inopportune,
goodbye.This is the failure of the movie. It is anachronistic, and the film
voids itself off. On one hand, spending millions on accuracy - sets,
research, costumes and special effects - will attract many people
looking forward to good quality film-making and a solid telling of what
happened that night - people who will then be alienated by the
no-brainer love story. On the other hand, the assumed target audience
of the film who are primarily excited by the love story are those who
could not care less about the millions spent on historical accuracy. It
is a totally anachronistic situation.James Cameron totally wasted a fantastic opportunity to make a
brilliant film on the subject, a film that could have surpassed all
previous efforts. Instead he devised a storyline totally entrenched in
Hollywood love-story stereotype, of the type that anyone could see
anywhere else, and simply set this aboard a historically accurate
rendition of the Titanic. He did not understand that the real events
alone of April 14-15 1912 were enough to fuel a heart-breaking story of
tragedy and bitter irony, and instead he used well-worn cinematic tools
to pitch the film at the lowest-common-denominator who can't be
bothered thinking outside their own experience. 'Titanic' is just an
example of the cultural sterility of our times. The 1958 film 'A Night
to Remember' told a more genuine, authentic, touching and historically
accurate version of the disaster with half the budget and half the
special effects technology, and I think this is testament to the
suburban teenage wasteland which is Cameron's film.Still, the film offers good old-fashioned movie-going thrills and
spills. It has a classic format against-the-odds love story all. It
also has great special effects, and employs intelligent cinematography.
So as a form of entertainment, it is a jolly good romp to accompany a
bag of popcorn. As a film about the Titanic - which it purports to be -
well, this kind of story could have been set anywhere and at anytime.
The Titanic merely made a good and exciting setting for the fictional
characters involved.This is a bad Titanic film, and as James Cameron was aspiring to make a
Titanic film, hence the title, he has failed. As time, the harshest
critic of all, marches on the film will be seen more and more as a
marketing vehicle of the late 1990s. Other, better, Titanic productions
will remain holding their own as honest, accurate and sincere
renditions of what really happened that night.Finally, the above-mentioned remarks about the anachronistic nature of
the film make it difficult to rate, and hence the love-it-or-hate-it
experience of this film. 'Titanic' straddles the ridge between well
researched triumph and Hollywood farce with the dexterity of a
three-legged elephant....Which ever direction the elephant falls is up
to each individual viewer.
			

If one does a keyword search of Titanic on the IMDB, they will find that it
is not a new subject for film.  Documentaries, TV movies, and big screen
versions abound.  The Barbara Stanwyck-Clifton Webb version of 1955 had a
much better story -- the tension between the characters was palpable and
when their son leaves his mother to go back onto the ship to die with his
father -- that is touching, not watching the puppy love antics of DiCaprio
and Winslet and sweaty heaving and thrusting in the back of an
Oldsmobile.Anyway, back to the skillions of versions of Titanic.  Lest we forget, I
will mention here that another ocean liner sank, the Lusitania, with an
equal, if not more, loss of lives.  This sinking was an act of war (it was
sunk by a German U-boat) and a hell of a lot more important to history -- it
prompted the US to enter WWI. David Butler has written a novel called
Lusitania and it is a Grand Hotel on the ocean, in theory the same as
Cameron's script, although it is much better written.  At least there are
more than three central characters.  The tragedy of the Lusitania is no less
heartbreaking than that of the Titanic.  So why didn't Cameron take his
money and present a subject that is neglected on film (apart from
documentaries)?  I'm sure he could have taken Butler's book and made it as
good as the author wrote it.  Cross-cutting from Kapitan Schwieger in the
U-Boat and the people on board the ship just before the torpedo hit would
have been as exciting as editing could get.All this talk of jealousy on the part of Titanic naysayers is ridiculous.  I
have seen many big budget movies that have good scripts and are entertaining
and I have no qualms about recommending them.  I happen to think The Fifth
Element is one of the best sci-fi movies in recent years.  Other people pan
it, but I don't wag my finger at them and say, "You're just jealous!"  They
can have their own opinion, but that doesn't mean they are more right than
I.  I just happen to think that Titanic, as envisioned by James Cameron, is
uninspired, tedious, and, apart from the special effects (some of which are
not done well at all -- again, people, my OPINION), a waste of time.  I've
tried watching it a second time and I just can't get into it.  The Prologue
with Old Rose is not interesting at all and I think Gloria Stuart hasn't
improved her acting skills since The Invisible Man (way back in 1933) and
she is the major fault of that movie.As for it being the greatest film of all time or even in the top 10, I shake
my head in dismay at the bandwagon mentality sweeping the world about this
movie.  Gone With the Wind, She Wore a Yellow Ribbon, The Wild Bunch, To
Kill a Mockingbird, The General, Greed, The Birth of a Nation, Intolerance,
The Women, All Quiet on the Western Front, Sunset Boulevard, The Big Parade,
Meet John Doe, Double Indemnity, and about 100 others are better all around
as a cinematic experience than Titanic.  These movies have excellent
character and plot development, use of camera techniques and a quiet
charisma that the bombastic Titanic with its loud score (by the
self-plagiaristic James Horner -- I heard Aliens, Star Trek II, and several
other of his films in the Titanic score) and obvious "gut-wrenching" ploys
sorely lacks.  I just cannot award the laurels for the best movie of all
time to a film that excels in one department (special effects) and falls
short in all others.PS -- To all those who complain that people are saying the movie is
predictable because the boat sinks: I think we're all talking about
Cameron's love story, not the fact that the boat sinks.  Only an "ignorant"
person would lodge that complaint.  I knew from the previous scene what
would happen to these characters next, and that shows the mark of a poor
script.
			

I will never understand the common man, and therefore will never understand
the mass hysteria over this movie.  I did not care about any of the
passengers James Cameron took the time to introduce us to.  In fact, we know
none of the true heart-breaking tales of the R.M.S. Titanic - only the
fanciful romantic tale of a spoiled brat and the only American in steerage.
It is frightening to me that America embraced this movie without ever
learning one bit of true history about the disaster of the Titanic.  5 will
get you 10 that most of America believes there was such a jewel as the Heart
of the Ocean.  We already know many fools clamored around the graves of
anyone known as Jack Dawson.  Most offensive, however, are Mr. Cameron's
comments at the Oscars without any regard for the 1523 lives actually lost
on the R.M.S. Titanic.  Life is not a movie, and love does not conquer
all.
			
This movie was the most disappointing case of over-hype ever! Could a
plot be any flimsier? Could characters be ANY more cardboard? Could you
imagine a more pathetic excuse for "chemistry?" Imagine every clich EVER CONCEIVED, combine them with a big ship
sinking on a zillion dollar special effects budget, throw in
pseudo-diva Celine Dion's lame tune and you've got "Titanic."God, I wanted Leonardo to die! He's the overdone tragic poor boy
"artist" (this gives him an excuse for the drawn-out (no pun intended!)
gratuitous nude portrait scene of Kate Winslet later - really. That's
the only reason he's an "artist").)All the rich people are bad! (Except her, of course. She's supposed to
be redeemed from her wealth by her "love??" for him.) But there's zero
chemistry - nudity and (God, how tacky!) fogged-up windows.Consequently, all the poor people are good!Thank you, Titanic, for simplifying the goodness or badness of any
given individual simply by their financial statuses!I wanted everyone to die. It's the only way to justify the lost hours
of my life that went into viewing this pathetic work of pseudo-art?
Lifetimey "based on true incidents" crap.Really, don't bother. It's not a timeless classic; it's dumbed-down
faux romance in the midst of tragedy drivel. Spend money on the script,
not the special effects, for God's sake! This is worse than a Lifetime
movie of the week. I've seen after-school specials with more depth.
Infomercials, even!
			

When I saw "Titanic," I thought it was vaguely entertaining, and the
costumes and special effects were beautiful. However, I didn't leave the
theatre discussing it with my friends, and I didn't feel or think any
differently than three and a half hours earlier. Then I heard it had been
nominated for numerous Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and I was
outraged.Not surprisingly, this big-budget piece of recycled Hollywood trash
won, even against three of its wonderful competitors, "L.A. Confidential,"
"As Good as it Gets," and "Good Will Hunting." The first has plenty of
interesting plot twists and amazing performances, the second gives a fresh
and cynically humorous look at romance, and the third helped ME realize some
things about myself, at least.  "Titanic" did nothing like that.The screenplay was something that had been done dozens and dozens of
times before, and as far back as the Elizabethan era, as the ludicrous,
'Romeo & Juliet'-esque romance will prove. The performances, even by such
normally-wonderful actors as Kathy Bates, Billy Zane, and Kate Winslet were
either dry, or over-done. I imagine that if one had to 'listen' to this
movie  rather than have the dialogue and music (which is pretty at parts,
but just a repeat of many of Horner's other scores) accompany the pretty
images, it would be completely unbearable.
			

The technical execution of the ship sinking is entertaining. The rest of the
movie is worthless dribble.I can understand why an adolescent girl would sigh over some dumb little
twerp proclaiming his love with his dying breath to a woman he has known for
two days. However, anyone over the age of 15 who doesn't have to suppress a
gag reflex at the idea has no standards at all. There was no chemistry
between the leads. The writing was atrocious.
Cameron failed miserably to develop any
empathy for any of the major characters. The movie sank long before the ship
did.A bad, bad, bad movie. The worst movie to win Best Picture since Forrest
Gump. And that took some doing.
			

The fact that this movie won an Oscar for Best Film is one of the biggest
disgraces of all time (it ranks right up there with Madonna not getting
nominated for her role in Evita).  Everyone loved this thing for some
reason, but I found it lame and boring.  I was so glad when the end credits
came that I almost burst into hysteric joy! 
			

Let's sink this ship right now.  It's over, baby, there's nothing left!
This is a BAD movie.  I'm not saying there's any harm in enjoying a bad
movie, but some of you people have taken it too far.  Epic?  Greatest movie
of all time?  Deserving of 11 Oscars?  I SPIT on the ground all of you
people who have seen it five, six, seven times walk on.  Bad script +
ridiculous acting + egotistical chucklehead director = PIECE OF FILTH MOVIE.
I love watching piece of filth movies as much as the next guy, but all of
you people with your Leo posters and your Titanic t-shirts and your Greatest
Movie of All Time attitudes have driven me and others with even half a bit
of common sense to HATE and LOATHE this "movie."  I no longer hold this
little travesty in any higher regard than I hold "Hollywood Chainsaw
Hookers," no offense to the "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"
people.
			

I must admit, as a movie buff, that this was the worst piece of sap-o-rama
ever the "grace" the screen. I mean, What was the point?  It was about two
little spoiled kids running around on some stupid boat saying stuff like
"I'll never let go". Come on!!  The romantic side of it was so contrived it
felt like I was being choked as I watched it.  None of the characters were
even half-way decent, and all the actors were just a waste (Leo Dicaprio is
a loser) the boat was the main character, and the iceberg was the supporting
actor/bad guy.  Towards the end of the movie, I was hoping the boat would
just sink already just to put me out of my misery.  When Kate Winslet was
threatening to throw herself overboard, I was on the edge of my seat yelling
"Jump! Do it, Jump!"  James Cameron uses the death of a thousand innocent
people in an attempt to illicit some emotion out of the audience, since the
characters of the movie can't do it.  The only redeeming quality of the
whole film was Kathy Bates, but even she couldn't save this boat from
sinking.  Let's face it, the only reason there is to watch this movie is if
you got a couple of hours to kill and your dentist can't give you a root
canal just right now, but you want to prepare yourself for the
pain. 
			

Can we say predictable?  Can we say simplistic?  Can we say a badly told
love story with NOTHING new that exists only to fill time before a roller
coast sfx show happens?  Can we say 3 hours of annoying drivel written by
hacks hammed up by "beautiful" media darling actors?We don't have to say any of this.  Cameron did it for us and spent WAY too
much money doing it.Perfect 1.  Nuff said.
			

The movie portrays First Officer William Murdoch in a way that is totally
contrary to the truth but instead suits a particular propagandist position.
This is both immoral and grossly hurtful to Murdoch's descendants. No wonder
the Chinese government recommended the movie to their people. It amazes me
how modern American filmakers seem to delight in tearing down the society
and values they have grown up in. The film is an insult to all those
passengers and crew who showed such tremendous courage in the face of a
horrific death. In reality it was NOT two 90's style teenagers who were the
heroes of the Titanic.
			

Despite the millions it may have raked in, I'm sorry, this is one of the
absolute worst movies I have ever seen.  Not that I don't think all the
praise in the world for the technical side shouldn't be heaped upon it, the
visual effects were undisputably stunning, but this is Hollywood at its
worst : pure candyfloss.  Completely contrived, sugarcoated and
poorly-written, Titanic is a waste of any thinking viewers'
time.
			

Titanic:Number one box office takings of all time, by a mile. Special effects
better
than any other movie, ever.And nowhere to be seen on the IMDB voters' top 250.Why the disparity? Because Special Effects do not a Movie Make, and cannot
cover the cracks in the pedestrian plot and the cardboard
characterisation.The ultimate reputation of this film has been sunk not by an iceberg but a
similarly immovable object; the judgment of movie-lovers.
			

The featured review of this film carries the line "the scene shifts to
Southampton, Ireland where the Titanic set sail from on April 10,
1912"
A minor point perhaps, to our american friends but Southampton is in
England. Still, i only partly put that glaring error down to the unfortunate
american who wrote it. After seeing Titanic i would have got the impression
Southampton is in Ireland too. The ship was built in Belfast which was
British then and is British now, so to make up for that and appease the
Irish American audience they fill the ship with poor unfortunates from the
emerald isle whose only role in the film seems to be getting screwed by the
English "tyrants" who run the ship. Add a few poor but heroic Americans to
the mix and you've got a blockbuster. To be fair, i hate this type of film
anyway so it was never going to get a good review from me. 2 /
10
			
okay, there's over 2000 comments on this garbage so this has probably
been said before, but I think I'm gonna "force my own opinions to be
different so I can feel good about myself" LMAO contains
spoilers....yuh...the boat sinks, people...Disgusting trash that is an insult to the real tragedy, no doubt it was
an effort to make and took talent...but so did Terminator, Aliens, The
Abyss, and any other of James Cameron's truly awesome work.If you think this is one of the "greatest films of all time", you
haven't seen enough movies...it does nothing to showcase the obvious
talents of its two main stars, Billy Zane is a joke, and the love
story...c'mon...there are so many other movies with better love stories
I'm not even going to bother naming any...should be obvious to anyone
who cares.
			
The movie had absolutely nothing to do with the Titanic. It was a love
story. The Titanic was simply a backdrop for the theme. I was sorely
disappointed. To me it was disrespectful of the people who lost their
lives on that ship.As for the acting, Leonardo DeCaprio was quite amateurish and
unconvincing. The "villain" acting was about as convincing as William
Shatner in the Star Trek series. The only acting in the movie that
warrants any applause is the old lady reminiscing about the disaster.
She was convincing but had a very minor part.Attention to detail in the special effects was awesome. Few movies
capture this detail.I would rather have seen historically accurate portrayals of several
notable passengers including the captain and people involved in the
catastrophe. Shame on the producers for trivializing such an event with
a love story.The best movie of that year went totally unnoticed because it was
produced by a small Canandian company. The Red Violin was the best
movie that year. It was more than entertainment. It had a redeeming
message.
			

Titanic has made movie history!! It's unbelievable that such a bad
tearjerker can be doing so well at the box office!!Where is the plot? Well, the movie does have ... sort of a plot, but it's
very very very weak. The love between Jack and Rose is so superficial.Where are the characters? I can't find any real character! Everywhere I
look, I find cliches and stereotypes. The rich must be arrogant, ignorant,
evil, etc, while the poor must be the exact opposite.Can the actors act? Sure, every single one can but not in this movie. The
acting is somewhere between so-so and bad! I've seen better performance from
Cathy Bates, Leonardo DiCarpio, Bill Paxton.. in other movies.The visual effects is the only saving grace! The sinking of the ship is just
magnificent!! It's just a shame they could have spent so much money to
recreate the ship but they couldn't create a good story that has characters
with substance!For teenagers who are flooded with hormones and a not-so-well-developed
brain, it's understandable that they love the movie. For those who love it
because it makes them cry, I suggest cutting an onion. It's much cheaper and
tears come out faster!!
			
This movie is *pitiful.* It is *abominable*. In terms of dung heaps, it
is second only to "Superman Returns." That's not a very honorable
position.Why do I hate "Titanic," you may be wondering? Here's a list. 1)
Leonardo di Caprio's performance as the lovable but down-on-his-luck
guy could have been played better and more realistically by Paris
Hilton. 2) Kate Winslet's fake American accent is the least of the woes
left by her whiny, I'm-a-poor-widdle-rich-girl turn. 3) James Cameron
should automatically be disqualified as the director of any real
historical tragedy, because he makes us care more about the prettiness
of the ship than the victims. 4) Where James Horner's music fails to
nauseate (he was really off his game here), you always have the classic
fallback: Celine Dion's mess of a theme song.Those are the top four reasons-- I could write a 52-page essay on why
this movie is so horrid, but IMDb doesn't provide reviewers with that
kind of space, so I'll condense it a wee bit.If you want to watch a disaster, this film is perfect... and I'm
referring to the debacle of the film, not the Titanic incident.
			

I believe that Titanic is the most over-rated movie of all time. Its plot
is
un-original (boy meets girl, falls in love, than heartbreak), its script is
un-original and its acting is mediocre. The only reason its #1 in money is:
The titanics fame, and teeny bopper girls that watch it over 30 times in
the
theatre during its release. If everyone only watched it once, it would
probably be in 15th or 20th place. Atleast there can't be a
sequal!
			

They took a very real, heartbreaking tragedy and made it into a cheesy
love
story!  Then they mixed in two actors who cannot act to save their lives,
made them read a horribly written script, and finished off by adding three
hours of unnecessary footage!  DiCapprio and Winslet are painful to listen
to - they have virtually no skill in line delivery and the writer wrote
things that no one in real life says!  They spent way too much money on
special effects (and that's all it looked like, obvious computer graphics)
instead of using some sort of skill and REALLY recreating the ship.  If
you
take away the choppy computer graphics, the horrible script, the leading
duo, that horrendous teeny-bopper love/sex story, and Celine Dion,  you
are
left with an amazing group of scenes when the ship sinks, the incredible
make-up work on the oceanic casualties, and the indisputably wonderful
Kathy
Bates which is the cast's only saving grace.  It may be a cult classic for
lonely love sick teens, but I would avoid this one like the plague if I
were
you.  Instead, write a list of all the other things you could do in three
hours and save yourself the nauseous feeling you get every time DiCapprio
and Winslet try to act.
			

Only once in a great while, does a film of dynamic magnitude and power,
grace the silver screen.  Unfortunatly, this is not one of those.  I can
sum
up the entire film with just ONE word: PRETENTIOUS.  The special effects
are
among the best I've seen, along with the cinematography and technical
poise.
This COULD of been a film of immense glory and scope, whisking us away on
a
beautiful journey, showing us humanity's undying spirit in the face of
ultimate disaster.  Instead, James Cameron tries to replay "Gone With The
Wind" on a ship.  His efforts could have turned it all into a success if
the
characters weren't about as interesting as cardboard, and if the story was
written by someone who didn't flunk 7th grade english.  The on-screen
chemistry between DiCaprio and Winslet was laughable at best.  I didn't
believe for one second that they even LIKED each other, much less LOVE
each
other (they were both victims of an over-powering score by James Horner).
They just didn't even look right for each other.  Maybe they should have
"beefed-up" DiCaprio so that he actually weighed over 100 pounds, or just
found a different actor all together.  I just want to know what happened
to
the Leonardo DiCaprio from "What's Eating Gilbert Grape", or "Basketball
Diaries".  While watching this film, I was wondering if Cameron was
holding
up cue cards behind the camera by the way he acted.  Kate Winslet was
carried by her looks throughout the entire film; she IS gorgeous, but she
could have put a little honest energy into the role, instead of it feeling
forced out.You have to give it to Cameron, though.  He is a hell of a talented
technical director (see "Aliens", "The Abyss", or the "Termanitor"
movies),
and when it came time to sink the ship, he gave us one hell of a show.
All
in all, the 45 mintue climax couldn't float this sinking vessel.  How a
film
like this can win 11 Oscar's, and films of a much higher caliber (like
"Saving Private Ryan", and "L.A. Confidential"), get snubbed?
Sniff-Sniff...  ...I smell politics.
			

Every ploy that can be used in the movie IS used and intelligent and
discerning moviegoers, expecting a good movie (considering how much Cameron
was given to make this thing, we had every reason to expect that it would be
GOOD), are consigned to the fiery pits of hell for three hours.  Whenever
Billy Zane came onto the screen, I felt like I was expected to bristle, hiss
and boo.  Likewise whenever Kate and Leo appeared, I was supposed to sigh,
sniff back a tear and reach for the hand of the person closest to me, even
if I didn't know them.  Their tragedy became OUR tragedy.  Puh-leeze!  This
movie had all the subtlety of being slapped in the face with a frozen
turkey.  The poor boy-rich girl plot and verbal fireworks were done much
better with Han Solo and Princess Leia.  At least those two did something
heroic, like saving the galaxy!  The same can't be said for Leo and Kate who
confined their action to the back seat of a car.I've tried to watch it again and I can't.  I wanted to give it another
chance and it just didn't work.  James Cameron just can't direct anything
but sci-fi and even then he doesn't hit the mark all the time.  The ending
of The Abyss is anticlimactic and improbable, much like the entirety of
Titanic.
			
What is it about James Cameron and women characters in his movies? I've
come to the conclusion that they are really all men in skirts. Look at
the female characters in Terminator or Aliens they are so butch and
testosterone fuelled they aught to have beards and scratch their hairy
testicles while chewing tobacco. I mean look what he did to our lovely
English rose Kate Winslit in this ship wreck of a movie. He has this
alleged Edwardian Lady stick her middle finger up at David Warner at
one point and then slugs unconscious some burly crewman who was getting
in her way. To top it all she has sex with a total stranger from
steerage. Please!! With his tin ear for dialogue he should have stuck
to doing thick ear action movies rather than this overly ripe disaster
movie. There's an amateurish attempt to demonstrate the stupidity of
Ruth's mother having her dismiss some sketches of Picasso (How did they
get on board) with the words that he would never amount to anything.
Subtle this is not. It looks far better than it sounds which is a great
pity as some of the visuals are rather good. One unexpected laugh
happened when Cameron picked up his Oscar he screams a line from the
film "I'm the king of the world". Of course it fell completely flat on
the assembled audience, who had never seen this dire movie or had
forgotten the execrable script. The poor man must have thought his
doggerel was memorable in some way, If this wasn't all bad enough we
had to endure Celine Dion terrible song going "on and on". The iceberg
was the best thing in the movie and should have appeared far earlier
than it did.
			
I don't even know where to begin, there are so many flaws mistakes and
general errors. Hey I know how about starting by saying that the script
is absolutely dreadful. Nothing happens for three whole hours. After an
hour you just sit there and wait for the ship to sink already. I
couldn't help cheering when the ship finally sunk. OK I admit there are
a few good scenes in the film. For an example at the end of the film
someone falls down and hits one of the propellers and makes a kind of
dull "bong" sound when he does it and then starts spinning rapidly in
the air. Most of the effects are alright but the general acting as well
as the weak and boring story makes this the worst big budget film ever
made perhaps aside from the Harry Potter series. All in all 1 out of 6
			

I really just wanted to vote on this film.  Contrary to what many say,
this
film does deserve the worst ratings and does NOT deserve to be in the top
250 or 500 or 5,000,000 (including Hollywood and Bollywood).  Come on
people, get some life experience and develop the right side of that
brain!!!
			

Although it is easy to see how this brainless saga could appeal to an
equally brainless segment of the public, it is much harder to
understand
the honors that have been bestowed on this mediocre (albeit expensive)
production. The special effects were pretty good, and the details
of
reconstruction of some of the inanimate objects was remarkable. The problem
was in the animate entities.The main characters are anachronistic: essentially 90's teenagers dressed in
funny turn-of-the-century clothes. If you are thrilled by the
fact
that Rose decided to follow her heart instead of the social conventions of
the time, you should consider having your fiancee/wife/daughter
run
away with a gang member she only met two days ago. It is easy to laugh at
the social conventions of 90 years ago. A film aiming at a meaningful social
discourse should make us look critically at contemporary mores. It is easy
to laugh at the Victorian sexual code. Let us laugh at monogamy if we have
the courage!I expect a historic film to help me understand the age it refers to, and to
help me relate it to my age. Placing to MTV teenagers in a 1912 as real as
Conan the Barbarian's middle ages doesn't help me do either.Some of the scenes are artificially emotionally charged (e.g. the two lovers
looking from the bow of the ship to the horizon) but one
cannot
escape the impression that the number, intensity, and sequencing of these
scenes come from some "How to make a movie" manual that
you
can probably buy for $10.95 at the nearest Barnes and Noble. All in all, I
would say that the film reveals a decent craftsmanship, but not a single
shred of art
(a situation not uncommon in Hollywood).I saw this film in a theatre, and I don't feel any need to see it again at
home. I have better things to do with my time. But if all you like in a
film
is to go see some special effects, and saying "ooooo..." when the ship sink,
and "aaaaah...." when the main characters kiss, then this is the
film
for you.

			

Poor DiCaprio. First he falls in love with ugly Kate Winslet, then he can't
convince her to let him on the saving shelves in the ice water. But what is
the worst: the computer generated fly over the hopping titanic animation
(man, we already had 1997, and we could have done better simulations!)
under the squeaking voice of Celine D. "my heart will go
on..."
anyway, a good example of "how to give awards to the wrong
film"
			
A poor flick all around. The only redeeming value comes from the actual
sinking of the Titanic, which unfortunately doesn't happen in the first
ten minutes. We do get to watch a pathetic love story between Jack &
Rose. Actually more like a molestation by Rose since Jack appears to be
approximately twelve years old. Very creepy. Oh yeah, horribly casted!
I forgot. I can't believe I let my wife talk me into seeing this one
when it came out. Let this be a lesson to you all. Cameron is
definitely a second rate director and a questionable human being to
boot.(Just ask Linda Hamilton) To sum it up, run far and fast from this
film. It will only disappoint you. I give it 1 out of ten. Awful is
about right.
			

Awful, Americanized tosh directed by James 'I can't make a movie without a
gun in it' Cameron. Horrendous love story theme, but what gets me are the
many inaccuracies that actually made me wince, could they not be bothered
to
research a few facts first? This could have been such a great film but it's
ended up as drivel made for the ladies. Bah!
			

This film is an insult to the intelligence of the common garden slug. The
romance between DiCaprio and Winslet is completely unbelievable, with no
real chemistry between the two. The script is complete garbage, crafted
solely in the believe that the public is as idiotic as the creator of this
film. Though the sinking of the ship is well crafted and visually stunning,
there is no pity to be felt for the cardboard characters that inhabit this
film. The 3 hours or so spent watching this horrible film could be more
constructively used watching paint dry. The plot is slipshod and centered
not on the tremendous agony and suffering of those soul's lost on the
Titanic, but on the self-centered interests of a girl leaving behind her
obligation to her family for a 3-day fling with an artist, which is
consumated in the back of a car. My hope is that this film is somehow
exposed to the people as the massive dung heap that it is. I suggest people
who liked this inane, insulting piece of garbage view a film of real
emotional power that was also crafted from historical events from the
1910's, ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT. I also recommend those who liked
this film view the reviews it got from Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles
Times, who exposes the film's huge weak spots and lack of heart.

			

Titanic is probably one of the worst films of the 90's.
Cameron must've sold his soul to the devil for it to get an academy award.
To be thought of as a better movie over than As Good As It Gets or Good
Will
Hunting.
THIS WILL GIVE AWAY THE ENDING!
One of the things I hated most about this film is the
predictability. From the first time she met Jack, I knew he was going to
Die. It was so easy to forsee.
I also hate how much of a copy this was of almost every simple
romance story, Girl about to marry snob, meets slightly poor, funny guy,
falls in love, something prevents, then at end they are together. It was
probably as simple as it gets.
I also hate how farfetched the plot was. If Cameron had done ANY
research prior to writing it, he would have realized how a romance like
that
would have NEVER happened. During 1910's American & England people married
and dated within their economic class.
I also hate this film because it was so shallow, unlike past
Academy Award Best Picture Winners, Titanic had NO societal meaning, No
symbolism, and No Metaphors. Usually after watching films bestowed with
that
honor, you feel changed, different, with Titanic I was just disappointed.Lastly the acting was poor, at best, except for that of Billy
Zane's, which was phenomenal. They picked actors singularly for looks
rather
than acting ability. Winslet showed little to no emotion, and Decaprio
could
never pull off any of the sad scenes.
I truly hated this film, second to STRANGERS IN GOOD COMPANY,
this
is one of the worst films ever. No One should see this film.

			

What I think I'll probably like best about the new Star Wars film,
"Phantom
Menace", is that it will likely blow "Titanic" out of the water, if you'll
pardon the pun, when it comes to sheer devastating box office receipts,
and
thereby knock it out of the number one spot. Every time I hear someone
declare "Titanic" is the greatest film they've ever seen, I think to
myself,
"You don't see a lot of movies, do you?" What a travesty. You could make
50
good films that are a lot better than "Titanic", and for the same price
tag."Well, it won lots of academy awards, lots of people really loved it," as
someone might say in its defence. Well, lots of people like the Spice
Girls
and billions and billions of people eat at McDonald's, but that doesn't
mean
it's high quality. Yes, millions of Elvis fans CAN be wrong.I'll be the first to admit, that part of the problem for me was the
mega-hype over the film. I waited a month or so to see it and ultimately,
it
didn't live up to the expectations set upon it, which simply called more
attention to the appallingly stupid love story. It's true, "Phantom
Menace"
will likely suffer a similar fate. but.James Cameron's "Titanic" is.
a)  a cheesy action flick thinly disguised as a serious period
piece.
b)  a three-hour epic that has it's finest moments given away in the
trailer.
c)  a sappy love story beyond belief or entertainment.
d)  something left better to documentarians, which I would've enjoyed much
more.
e)  a film with arrogance that lives up to the level demonstrated with the
real ship.
f)  a  robbery of 3 hours that I will never get back, therefore the
greatest
motivation for a time machine I can think of. When I meet someone who
hasn't
seen it yet, I say, "I wish I could trade places with you."
g)  a slap in the face to any genuine victim of hypothermia. How long are
we
supposed to believe that people can be immersed in freezing cold water and
still form intelligible sentences?
h)  thankfully a film that wasn't recognized for any acting achievements
at
the Oscars.
i)  a technological achievement in filmmaking, and little
else.The only reason I post this as a anonymous comment is I do NOT welcome the
rebuttal of 10,000 thirteen year old Leonardo DiCaprio fans who'll no
doubt
come to his defense, and I am not really interested in hearing a defense
of
Titanic's story, acting or length.

			

This movie is really just three hours of utter boredom. This movie is
nothing more than a retelling of "Romeo and Juliet". The special effects
aren't as great as people say and in the end all Titanic consists of is
hype
and then some. *1/2 stars for this film. 
			

These were two of the worst movies ever made.  How can Titanic gross
almost
$2 billion worldwide?  If you are going to go see, rent or buy either of
these movies, please give the money to charity and kick your self in the
ass.  It will save you a trip and you will have the combined 5 hours of
your
life to live as you wish.
			

Titanic is possibly the film of the decade - it manages to show that one
thing transcends barriers between all the people of the world - ignorance.
The incredible storytelling ability of Cameron, his audacity with special
effects, and his casting prowess (who would have thought that by casting
an
ugly girl against a attractive guy, he would create the romance of the
decade?) It's incredible hokum.
What so many of the Anti-Titanic camp fail to realise is that bad acting,
duff script, and glossy special effects don't necessarily mean a bad film
(Star Wars as an example). The key point here is that Cameron's huge
ability
to target the world's biggest niche audience (the dumb middle class) is
something that should be celebrated. He should be a role-model for all
film
makers out to make a financial success - exploitation is the key. I can
sum
this up in one sentence: The brains behind this picture deserve to have
the
$1.8billion success - the film itself doesn't

			

The acting was rather mediocre, the love story was no different than any
other love story, and the movie has one hour too long.  However, the sets
were wonderful, the costumes exceptional, and the special effects
unforgettable.  The movie was good, but nonetheless overrated. 

			

I cant see what so great with this film. For me its just a lot of noise
and terrible f/x. Skip this one and see A Night to Remember!
			

Alright... where to begin. This is.. without a doubt.. the most over hyped
movie I have ever seen. All I can figure, is that either the academy is full
of teenage girls who swooned over DiCaprio, or James Cameron threatened to
smash everyone with his oversized head if they didn't give him all the
awards. The characters in this movie were there only to look good and smile
broadly whenever the camera focused on them. And as for the award winning
effects, they didn't look remotely realistic. They were so obviously
computer generated. Shame on the academy for not giving the Oscars to LA
Confidential with its vastly superior cast and in depth
storyline
			
This movie is the biggest waste of an opportunity of all time. It could
have been a great movie about one of the greatest tragedies in history.
They didn't even focus on the ship at all. It was like two and a half
of hours of some crappy romance movie and then at the end the director
was like "oh yeah and the titanic is sinking". Could have been a great
historical/disaster flick. The only reason it is the highest selling
movie of all time is cuz prepubescent girls saw it 100 times because
"Leo is so hot". Instead they chose to focus only on two people in a
ridiculously cheesy and clich-ish love story between a poor boy and a
rich girl. Could have been one of the best movies ever...is one of the
worst. Extremeley disappointed. Don't watch it or you will be too!!
			

This movie should have never have been nominated for any Oscars. It is
mindless drivel! I wanted to throw things at the screen(but I didn't
because
it's not the screen's fault that the movie sucked). I will never
understand
why so many people liked this movie. I saw this movie in the theatre
expecting a cinematic triumph, instead, the only emotion it evoked in me
was
pain because after seeing all that water I really had to pee. It was also
painful because the amount of sap in that movie could fill the Hoover
Dam.If I had known how repulsive this movie was before I spent $7 to see it, I
would've avoided it altogether.
			

I have said it before, and I'll say it again, Titanic, along with Gone
With
The Wind are two of the most OVERATED films in history, with no plot,
stupid
characters, and irritating dialoge! Think Romeo and Juliet aboard the
Titanic and that best sums up this three hour plus film.Titanic continues to be one of the biggest movies of all time, (why on
Earth
did moviegoers pick this mess to be a hit?) It involves a very spoiled and
irritating girl known as Rose, played by Kate Winslet, who goes aboard a
state of the art ship known as the Titanic with her snotty finacee, played
by Billy Zane. She doesn't care for him so she hooks up with a
drifter/artist named Jack played by Leonardo DiCaprio. The majority of the
film is about Jack and Rose trying to avoid her fiancee while the ship
itself hits an iceberg and sinks, killing many of the passengers aboard.
The
reason why so many teenage girls went crazy for this film is because it
has
a story that only a teenage girl could love with it's simplistic dialoge
and
cliched characters. I was hoping by the end that Rose herself would be hit
by an iceberg as her character was really becoming annoying
fast!Now, what bothers many moviegoers is that instead of being about the ship
itself and the people who died, the film focuses on another silly 90210
teen
romance. We have seen this type of romantic film hundreds of times before,
and the romance in Titanic is about as interesting as a can of flat
soda.While there are some nice costumes, and effects work done on the sinking
of
the ship, audiences must endure over two and a half hours of some of the
most irritating and cliched dialoge ever written ("I'm just a tumbleweed
blowing through the wind?!") as well as a lot of boredom waiting for the
ship to sink. I had to be woken up by my wife when the ship sank while
seeing it on DVD (I never saw it in theaters, because no film could live
up
to that amount of hype and after finally seeing it on DVD, I was right)
Everyone I have talked to says that seeing the movie on the big screen
makes
a bigger difference in the special effects, well I have a HDTV big screen
and that's about as close to a motion picture screen you can get watching
a
home video DVD.All in all, Rose isn't a woman searching for herself, but rather a spoiled
brat looking for attention, and I never related to Jack one bit. I guess
the
only characters who I felt any real sympathy for were the captain and the
ship's designer, as the film doesn't really focus on any of the real
victims
of the event other than the ficticious Jack and Rose.I enjoy some of James Cameron's films, (True Lies and Strange Days, which
he
wrote, are two of the best action films of the 1990's!) But, Titanic
wasn't
the "classic" many have hailed it to be!A 1 on a scale of 1-10. If you want to see a real film about the Titanic
rent the original, not this awful mess!Sure, most teenage girls will go crazy over this, but, I'll take Good Will
Hunting anyday over this mess!
			

I don't see what all the hype is about this movie.  I think it's rather
pointless that they spent so much time and effort to "re-create" the ship
itself, make it as real as possible, and then create some stupid
*fictional*
love story to go along with it.I mean... the boat sank.  It takes 3 and a half hours to tell that story?
Come on, get serious.  I've got better things to do.  Like rinse out my
eyes
with paint thinner.Ever wonder why Titanic made so much money?  Four words... Thirteen Year
Old
Girls.  That's all.  Who else is shallow enough to see this movie more
than
once?  My little sister, in fact, saw it eight times... EIGHT!  That's
almost 26 hours wasted, watching that pansy DiCaprio whine about
love.Do you realize that at $10.00 a ticket, 183,530,000 tickets were sold.
Each
ticket wasting 3.25 hours of the viewers lives, 596,472,500 hours have
been
wasted on this show, and that if each person lived an average of 70 years,
69,811 years, or 997 lives have been wasted watching the Titanic. James
Cameron has effectively murdered 997 people.  I say we lynch
him.
			

Your average American loves Titanic. This is why they are considered
average. This movie is unimpressive in every possible way. From the bland
acting to the bland script this movie is, well, bland. The script, by the
way, was co-written by James Cameron and the captain of the girl's
tether-ball team from the local junior high school.The only extraordinary thing about this film is the special effects. A
boat sinks. A really big boat. It looks really really real.           But
it's still just a boat sinking. Not that exciting.All in all this is a movie geared towards illiterate
12 year old girls.

			

Actually reading a lot of the previous reviews (lots of them) has restored
my faith in humanity.I half expected to read 'best film ever' which pops up far too often for
average films that hollywood rams down people's throats.This film was so poor.  I'm generally a fan of Cameron and normally his
writing is very good, but the sub plot to this film was appalling.  Why did
Rose, who was meant to be English played by an English actress have a bad
American accent.  Why did every Englishman/woman on the boat (which
incredibly was an English ship you know, not American as the film tries to
push) an evil nasty character.The acting was probably the worst in film history and the love story was so
silly and badly done.  All the scenes on the boat looked like Hollywood
stage sets.It's very disturbing that a film like this can win Oscar recognition.  It
was bad enough that Braveheart won an Oscar, but that was much better than
this.Film making and hype at its worst from a normally reliable director.
			

Why does everyone say this is a good movie while the only reason they went
to see it was to get horny over Leonardo DiCaprio? It has shallow
characters, a weak script, horrible dialogue, and the worst acting I have
seen since Godzilla (1998). The special effects were a let down too. You
can
easily tell they used the blue screen for the sinking part because the
actors look faded compared to the background. Horner's score is the worst
I
have ever heard from him. It makes his score from Up From The Depths
(1979)
sound like it won an Oscar. Speaking of killer fish, Cameron's flying
killer
piranha should have attacked the cast, it would have been more exciting
than
this three hour sleeper. The only really good scenes from this film were
the
nudity and sinking scenes.
			

What a dog! A wonderful exercise by Hollywood in wrapping a tedious
love story around an historical event in order to sell tickets. The two
stars spend the whole of the film in breathless mode trying to inject
some life into this corpse whilst we are "treated" to an occasional
reference back to the Titanic disaster in order to gain some
credibility. No clich is left unturned in this film, from long
lingering shots of the lovers to the wailing drone of the title song
endlessly inserted when we are supposed to feel the helplessness of
their love. When I saw this film, people actually cheered when the ship
went down - we would have cheered more if it went down in the first
five minutes. Meaningless fodder for the intellectually challenged.

			

Why is this the biggest grossing movie of all times?
Why was this movie academy awarded?I cannot tell, in all honesty. Maybe it's just me, being male and stuff. I
was told by women how unromantic it was not to love this movie.There is nothing new to the moviegoer: Here we have a disaster happening.
Almost everybody will die at the end of the movie - and hey, we know all
about it even before going to the movie. And as with every proper disaster
movie, we will get to know everybody so we care when they
die.Problem here: After having to watch the cast for what seemed to me like 3
hours I really looked forward for the ship to sink...
			
For those of you who saw the Titanic in the theater you are brave. This
movie is a rip of Romeo and Juliet, it contains the boy who is
considered to be in the lower class while the women is a high class
person. As the story goes on we get crappy flashbacks from the past to
the present and hear an old lady explaining her true love. And to make
it worse the movie is 3 hours and 19 minutes long making every second
of the movie even more painful. When i first watched this movie at home
i checked my watch every other second and got tired of the storyline
and skipped scenes. In my opinion it would be just easier to cut the
movie down to 2 hours and 10 minutes instead, but then again this is
James Cameron. Known for making long movies and crappy story lines. He
should of just skipped this project and focused more on the Terminator
or Alien instead, at least those films have action to keep the movie
moving. In conclusion the movie ends with jack dying while rose some
how survives the cold water. Overall i would give this movie a 0 if i could but instead it gets a 1
out of 10.
			

Perhaps the most overblown and ridiculous flick I have sat through. Also,
did Picasso's "Les demoiselles D'avignon" really go down on the Titanic? I
thought it was hanging in the museum of modern art in New York? Am I the
only person who thought this was odd? Then again, the movie was so
unbalanced and ill thought out that this doesn't seem out of
place.
			

Any human being who considers "Titanic" to be among the top 250 films of all
time should be strapped to a chair in a small room and be forced to watch
any Tom Cruise vehicle several hundred times.  In pan 'scan
format.Like so many awful Best Picture winners which came before it, "Titanic" does
a horrible injustice to its so-called intended "heroes"... in this case, by
stereotyping them, making them dispensible.The most recent B.P. winner to have borrowed this technique is Costner's
aberration, "Dances With Wolves," which pretended to be about the plight of
the Native Americans, whose country we literally stole from them, and
turning it into a fable about how one __white__ man rises above his equals
to "appreciate" the former.  See "Black Robe," "Little Big Man" or "Soldier
Blue" instead.The politically~correct "Driving Miss Daisy" suffers the same fate: it
should be about Freeman's character, which is infinitely more interesting
than Tandy's."Forrest Gump" is nearly as insulting, by changing the book in such away as
to take the worst of Gump's traits and failings and foisting them on the
Robin Wright Penn's "Jenny" character, leaving sweet Forrest a saint and
Jenny a slut.  "Pulp Fiction," also released in 1994 has already had a
greater effect on filmmaking than "Gump" ever will.And __that's__ not even Tarantino's best film!Despicable.While we're at it, let's add to this list of garbage which has recently won
Best Picture: Mel Gibson's lamentable "Braveheart," which, while sporting
excellent large~scale battle scenes, is nearly entirely
fictional.More proof that Hollywood's elite still like guys who've paid their dues in
front of the camera."Gandhi"???  Don't even get me started on that Best Costume Design Oscar,
let alone its B.P.The trend may have begun in 1939, with the single most overrated flick of
all time ["Gone With The Wind" of course] beating out at least seven better
films made in the same year.~Niro
			

This movie is kind of lame. I'l write here some of the biggest
mistakes of the movies:- Why oh why is one of the people getting on the life boats wearing
a
digital watch? Surely they weren't around in 1912?
-Young Rose has green eyes, but Old Rose has blue eyes. Later in the
film, there is a fade between the faces of young & old Rose and this time
old Rose's have magically changed to match Kate Winslet's eyes-After Rose has helped Jack to get loose from where he is
handcuffed,
as he is jumping over a bench one minute he has the handcuffs on, the next
shot they're gone. Then they're back.
-After Rose breaks Jack's handcuffs below decks and both race down
the
hallways outrunning the rising water. Rose is clearly wearing white
sneakers
yet she is seen 30 seconds later wearing period shoes when Jack retrieves
the gate key that the crewman dropped beneath the rising water.There are too many of them, so I'l stop here! If you're going to
see
a movie, don't go and see Titanic!

			

This film was the worst collection of cliches I have seen in years,
 something like a 30's costume epic with souped-up special effects. Except,
 of course MGM cranked'em out better in the '30's. The true story of the
 Titanic has more than enough material to make a few films. I could have
 done without the Harlequin pulp novel plot. For a good Titanic film, see "A
 Night to Remember" (UK, 1958)As for DiCaprio and Titanic '97 - Turn blue and sink already.
			
Sure, the Leo and Kate girly fanatics are going to be highly upset,
but, oh well, this is my review of this awful movie, not theirs!
Titanic is the worst movie ever made, why might you ask? It has two
annoying teenage characters, very overweight Rose, played by chubby
Kate Winslet, and skinny teenage brat/"artist", Jack, played by Leo
DiCaprio.You would think that the film would be about the Titanic, right? No,
it's about these two brats spending three hours playing games with
everyone on the ship, while waiting for it to sink.Not once did I believe that a spoiled and infintile brat like Rose,
would win the affections of such a wealthy person like Cal, played by
Billy Zane.I mean, I'm one of the few people who actually sees Cal's point of
view. I mean Rose did agree to get married to Cal, but instead of
accepting it, like a mature person, Rose acts like a spoiled brat, who
seriously needs a good spanking from her mother. Rose selfishly accepts
the advances of Jack, who has no money, and no way to support himself,
other than to cheat other people out of their tickets. I cheered when
Cal slapped Rose for cheating on him! If it were me, I would have
dumped her long ago, after all, she is not only a brat, but extremely
overweight as well!I found this movie to be completely predictable, pretentious and
downright BORING! How this film became a hit, shows that teenage girls
will see anything with overweight women, as long as a pretty boy like
Leo is starring in it.Neither Leo nor Kate can act. And someone seriously needs to recommend
that Kate Winslet eat a lot less food, she often looked exhausted after
performing a simple task, and her costumes look like they are about to
burst.When the boat finally sinks all excitement is worn out after spending
three exhausting hours with two immature brats who get on people's
nerves!Not to mention after the ship sunk and there are literally hundreds of
freezing passengers sinking in the water, Rose, selfishly keeps a large
piece of wood for herself, not bothering to offer any space to nearby
passengers who all died while Rose selfishly stayed on a large piece of
wood.I seriously recommend that fans of this so called movie re-evaluate
this flick, but it's downright terrible! It's the worst film ever made,
and, that's my opinion!
			

This Movie is everything that a movie should not be.  Who cares about money,
the feeling is not there like it is in Citizen Kane, or Godfather, or Casablanca.  It
is just stupid.  Please, do not see this movie, which brings down the
standards of movies everywhere.
			
That's it; Titanic is (next to House of 1000 Corpses) officially the
worst movie ever made.. How is it possible to make a movie about a ship
sinking and focus so little on the actual sinking of the ship.. Jesus,
the only important thing seems to be the relationship between the
extremely gay Leonardo Di Caprio and the chubby Kate Winslet.. I mean;
come on! There were other people there as well!!! They actually died
and didn't get to tell their so-called "moving story" to others.. A bit
of focus on that would be nice!Only women in the age 8-15 years old can seriously enjoy Titanic
because of the rubbish acting, the unfathomably bad story and the
ridiculously dull ending... However, I haven't actually seen Titanic, because I'd rather be forced
to watch a brick wall for a good two hours instead, but these things
I've said in this comment I can tell anyway.. And those of you who
disagree with me only do because you're in love with Di Caprio... Fact.
			

While Titanic may not be the worst film ever made, it certainly isn't the
best, or second-best, or even 100th best.  What makes this movie so awful is
that it pretends to be great.  All "great" movies need a good script.
Besides, do we go to the movies just to look at the screen?  Is that all
audiences care about?  If so, then talkies would have remained a novelty and
died out in a couple years.  But no, people wanted to hear the actors talk,
and now we have hopefully evolved to the point where WHAT the actors say is
more important than how they sound. However, Titanic is evidence that most
audience members don't care what the actors are saying and just feast the
eyes on visuals.  If that is the case, bring back silent movies!  I'm all
for it!
			
It took Hollywood a century to realize the dumbest films deserve the
biggest budgets, because they generate the largest profits. Somehow
Jimmy the magician was able to sell his cheap, corny story and convince
the studio executives to let loose truckloads of money. I lost hope in
mankind after this film became the highest grossing movie of all time.
I finally watched it on DVD years after its release and was as
disgusted as I thought I would be (at the time all the females around
me had seen it like ten times telling me how great it was). This is a
movie where Bollywood meets tragedy. Do like me: let this pathetic
stupidity sink to the bottom of the sea and try hard to wipe it out of
your memory.
			

Quite possibly one of the worst movies ever made, this film ignores the
heart-rending stories of the 2000+ real people who were one the Titanic to
present to us a redundant romeo/juliet storyline. Kate Winslet plays a
spoiled "free-spirit" who is being forced by her mother to marry the
wealthy
Billy Zane. On board the Titanic, she meets Jack (Leonardo di Caprio), who
teaches her to be "free", or in other words, be trashy and self-centered.
The movie is filled with bad acting and even worse writing. The only
redeeming features are the special effects which are stunning and the
beautiful soundtrack.
			

Hmm, I wonder what happened at the end? I must have watched 6/8 of this film
before washing the dishes seemed a more appealing chore. Many actors can
perform convincingly in period films, but this cast did not convince me at
all that they were anything but 1990s actors with 1990s dialog trying to
look like people from the 1910s. The script was inane, leaving the viewer
with only special effects for interest. In the very-near future, when
high-tech special effects no longer dazzle audiences, this moneymaking
venture will be re-evaluated. I'll give it a 2/10 in order to be fair to the
special effects staff, who clearly labored the hardest on this film and
deserve some credit.
			

When I went to see this film, I was expecting something truly great.  I
was sadly very disappointed.  The characters were generally poorly
developed, leaving me with a sickly sweet after taste, rather than a feeling
of sorrow or compassion.
Whilst the talent gathered (Winslet, Zane) hinted at true acting ability
(they have provided far better performances in other films), the script is
lacking in anything other than schoolgirl Mills and Boon.
The technical effects have obviously been done to high standards, as the
boat looks impressive, but that is where it ends, as the man-child DiCaprio
slaughters the basest of emotional lines, as makes the romance seem cliched
and below par.
If you absolutely must see this film, see it on the silver screen, as the
lack of grandeur which is displayed on the small screen leaves only the
"acting" to behold.
			

Anyone who has even a glimmer of an idea of language, thought, or customs of
turn-of-the-century US/Britain would be repelled by this film.  I've read a
number of survivor accounts, and people just didn't THINK or TALK the way
they thought and spoke in the film.  Anachronisms aside, it was, I suppose,
only a love story.  But there are so many better ones that have been filmed.
Titanic was to me a real disappointment.
			

Ok, I borrowed that phrase from a person called Red Elvis but it was too
good to ignore for this formulaic recipe.Mix together a bunch of cliches. Boy meets girl. Boat meets iceberg. Add
social and ethnic stereotypes by the shovel. Stir in a heap of stodgy
dialogue and a lot of very good and expensive special effects.Add a million gallons of salty water and what do you get? A mess that will
make you nauseous.
			

When I was watching I liked it a little but afterwards the more I thought
about the more I disliked it. The thing that made me more mad was that it
somehow managed to steal Oscars from L.A. Confidential,Good Will Hunting
,Full Monty,and As Good As It Gets.I have seen all of them and any one of
them should of won. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are probably the
worst people in the world both of them are stuck up and ugly. James Cameron
is a great director but this time he has sunk as low as the Titanic.

			
Absolutely abominable. Terrible in all respects except costume design.Very disrespectful to the memory of those who died on this great ship.Forget James Cameron.Rent "A Night To Remember" if you want to watch a beautiful film based
on survivors' actual stories of what happened.Jack and Rose?They can drown for all I care.This film beat "L.A. Confidential" for best picture?This weepy adolescent junk will go down in history as the WORST Best
Picture that the Academy ever picked.
			

The Greatest film of all time? HMMM.I vowed to never watch the film, but I
did. What a waste of time and 2 video cassettes.
I did give the film a chance. I am a James Cameron fan, I own all of his
other films on cassette. What can I say. The film was boring, the acting was
horrible. DiCaprio was laughingly bad, and he actually thought he deserved an
Oscar nod. Billy Zane played the best character in the film, honestly. His
character was the most entertaining character.Too bad so many people were
blinded by DiCaprio's looks and did see the bad acting flowing from him. The
special effects were poor. C'mon, long black bars representing the night
sky. Mushy looking computer generated faces put over stunt peoples faces to
make them look like DiCaprio and Winslet. There is no way that DiCaprio
could swim up to the surface of the water after being pulled in by such a
huge undertow. The special effects guys forgot to add frozen breath in many
of the sequences that take place in the frigid water. Also during that scene
you can here soundstage echos. DiCaprio sure spent a lot of time talking
about places he had been to, which is fine, considering they did not exsist
back then. Oh yea, It was sure nice of DiCaprio to turn his back on his
apparent life long best bud for Winslet. What a nice guy. Look closely as
Leo enters, the dining hall, you can see the reflection of a big camera and
some crew guys carrying it. And if you adjust ticket prices for inflation,
Titanic is not even close to being the highest-grossing film of all time.
Gone With The Wind, E.T., and even The Star Wars Trilogy would have earned
more. Too many Titanic fans brag about that. Kate Winslet did not need to be
naked in that film. Also, her older version in the 90's could not have
remembered all those facts about the ship. Bill Paxton was wasted in this
film. This is not even close to being the greatest film of all time, It is
not even a good movie.Check out Reservoir Dogs, The Star Wars Trilogy,
Predator, even This Boys Life (A good DiCaprio film).
			
In many ways Titanic is a great movie. The effects are realistic enough
to let you get right into it and the performances are generally very
good; especially the gorgeous Kate who convinces with, or without, her
kit on. It is a story of an ill fated but grand love affair. An unhappy
heiress falls for a lovely poor guy over the rich, handsome, total
bastard she's engaged to and trouble inevitably follows. This epic
story is played out against the backdrop of a ship sinking which adds
to the emotion, poignancy, hysteria and general tearfulness of it all
and therein lies my problem with this flick.Before Titanic was a film it was a ship. Many real people died. Their
families still remember. (yes even a century later), This movie is not
a tribute or an insult. It is a disregarding of their memory. Jack and
Rose could have had their moment in any one of a thousand scenarios.
Why sully this tragic event?The sinking of the Titanic is a great historical tragedy. Not only
death, but needless death, plus the loss of a magnificent machine,
which was a tribute to human endeavour and ingenuity. The folly of her
reckless handling in dangerous waters ( That's the ship, not Kate). The
stupidity of man's "unsinkable" challenge to nature. The struggle of
the crew to save as many people (especially rich ones) as possible.
What a great film that could be (they tried to make it in 1958). A
story that respected every gasp for air, every self sacrifice, every
bloody engineer. Why did we need Jack and Rose? Is this the price we
pay for Hollywood.
			
Everything about this movie it's garbage . Inane ,dull or boring are
too gentle words to describe how bad is this movie .I don't care anything about all the hype that this movie receives ,or
that it won the Academy Award of best movie (so what ? Many bad movies
receive a lot of praise and prizes for the success that those movies
have in the box office rather than in the real artistic value ) The
acting it's bad and all the story it's a bad soap opera that uses
history as a excuse to tell the story of all the days . Deep inside
,it's just a glorified chick -flick . I'm not amazed that it was chosen
to be part of the list "100 years ,100 stinkers " . "Titanic it's the
most over rated garbage ever made .Zero stars .
			

When I was a child I cried, bitterly, when the fat lady (Shelley Winters)
bravely dived into the waters in the truly epic 'Poseidon Adventure'.
Why?
Because the screen playwright and director understood that true human
glory
is not about special effects, but characterisation.I can't begin to recount the superficiality and shallowness of this
dreadful
film - where there's absolutely no foundation for genuine affection, much
less enduring love. And, worst of all, with his very inapt hands, James
Cameron attempted to repeat the cliche of rich girl meets poor boy, which
bears no significance whatsoever to the plot(if it can be called one), in
which everybody was subject to a violent death, nobleman or
peasant.The art of tragedy is a tricky one, but there is one simple rule - make
your
characters genuine, realistic, and most of all believable, so that the
audience will feel what they feel, breathe what they breathe and, in the
end, partake in the experience.
			

I was reading the comments and someone said that people who don't like this
movie are jealous."Don't ask me of what,they just are." HA! How can you
PROVE it!? What could we possibly be jealous of ?!?
I saw Titanic with high hopes,since nobody would SHUT UP about
it.Afterwards,I realized they should've clammed it long before it was even
released.It was horrible.Lots of better movies that year (Good will
hunting,LA confidintal) and the only reason they liked it was because of
LEONARDO.I hope he falls of a very tall cliff.I now don't trust hype.They
never like good movies."OOo,but it won 11 oscars,so it has to be good!" Yeah,it won special effects
adwards.NO acting or screenwriting.And it won best picture because
adolescent teens would boycott them if it didn't.Do you REALLY want to see a
movie adored by TEENAGERS!? Face it,only a few people have good taste,so
popular things stink to high heaven.
Don't see it,because if you do you'll be labeled as a sheep in my school(You
hear that? School. We Lamar people hate this movie.)I AM NOT A
SHEEP!
			

First of all, as a long time student of the Titanic disaster and member of
several Titanic clubs, I feel entitled to comment on the film. I don't
really care how many awards and accolades the film won, but to me it is
still an absolutely awful film. Cameron had the resources to make a 'proper'
semi-documentary film of the disaster but unfortunately chose to turn it
into a po-faced romantic mush. The fact that so many people around the world
fell for it only shows, to my mind, the sad state of taste and common sense
that movie critics and audiences have these days. Whoever said that all
movies should have a hero and heroine falling in love? In fact most real
events are anything but romantic and the Titanic disaster certainly was not
one. I feel that it needed a better script and director with a
semi-documentary approach and as little artistic license as possible. I
almost threw up in the last sequence where the 'dead' lovers meet among the
other lost passengers and crew who break out in applause. Is this an
intelligent film? Ask yourself. 
			

Seriously, this could not have made that much money, it is one of the
worst
movies I have seen, not the worst though. It is VERY over rated though.
There isn't much to this movie, and story line is sooooo corny. Rose
DeWitt
Bukater, Kate Winslet's character is to me, a floozy! The only good part
was
when they were all dying, that was funny. Otherwise, this isn't a romantic
movie, Romeo and Juliet, even though they both die is romantic, but this
is
not. It is an exploitation of the titanic disaster, and that is it. Want
to
watch a real movie, watch American Beauty, or Pulp Fiction, or Eyes Wide
Shut, or The Good The Bad and The Ugly.
			

hmm....well, it wasn't a good movie, at all. could have been much more
better....that's what a small budget and horrible actors will do to a movie.
and cameron should have been replaced with John Woo. now that would have
been a movie I would like to have seen.he he he
			

I can't begin to express how bored I was with this movie. It's not
that it was a poorly made movie. I understand the movies appeal to the
romantics at heart, but that still does not validate it as the best movie of
all time. It was boring, far too long, and completely
uninteresting. I've always thought the movie could have stood on it's own as
a much more fascinating film if the first half had never been made. Cameron
did a tremendous job of showing the horror and hopelessness the members of
the ship felt while the ship was sinking. But it took so long to finally
arrive at this point in the movie, it was almost impossible to get back into
it by that time.  This movie was thoroughly uninteresting, and the only
redeeming factor that comforts me is that there will never be a sequel.
1/10
			

It is appalling that James Cameron hitched his disaster movie to the
late-1990s fascination with the R.M.S. Titanic.  He can now lump himself
with other filmmakers such as Oliver Stone who distort history in an effort
to make a film about something other than the historical event they end up
teaching the American public about.  But, even setting aside my disdain for
his gross inaccuracies in Titanic history, and going with my deepest
feelings that films are for enjoyment and escapism, this movie lacked the
most important part of any film developing characters: I didn't care about
Rose or Jack.  Rose was spoiled.  Jack was a foolish brat.  This film also
contained the fatal flaw in triangle love stories: I liked the bad guy.
Billy Zane, beauty aside, was still the only character who probably was on
the Titanic, and the only one I hoped made it off the ship alive.  It is
better to see the film that should have won the Oscar that year (LA
CONFIDENTIAL) rather than waste anymore time even reading more comments
about the movie that did win the Oscar.  
			

Very disappointed with this one.
The worst ever casting simply adds more stupidity to the already
thoughtless
plot.
I would expect more from the movie that cost more than
$200,000,000.
The special effects are very expensive but primitive and not really
necessary for the movie.Do not get me wrong, the movie is not SO bad. It is just not worth
(art-wise) the money spent on it. The movie's qualities are of a middle
level. There are hundreds of movies like this one. The only thing that is
special here is the budget.Bottom line: I watched the movie once (well almost once, it is way too
oversized, I could not make it through the whole movie) and this is enough
for me!

			

I went into this movie knowing what to expect.  A long movie, with lots of
special effects, and lots of action and romance.  But I never thought I'd
see such terrible acting, such terrible scriptwriting, and such terribly
developed characters in this highly praised winner of several Academy
Awards.  Hollywood has turned to sensationalism, which isn't in itself bad,
but it has turned its back on creativity.  What really was great about this
movie?  Did it NEED to exist?  Movies like Citizen Kane, or Ran, or Amadeus
are movies that rejoice in the possibilities of human creativity.  James
Cameron made a movie that was filmed superbly with excellent special
effects, but it is the product of money, not spirit.  And in our confused
world of today, the last thing we need is a fake Messiah dressed in
glittering gold.
			
This by far is one of the most awful movies I've ever seen. The movie
was mostly crude, and had very few laughs which disappointed me because
I was told this movie was very funny. I guess you can't always go by
what other people tell you. The acting was horrible. My husband said to
me, ( Who told you that this movie was funny? Were they even watching
the same movie that we just saw?)I just can't figure this out. Why
anyone would recommend this movie is beyond me. I would not recommend
this movie, and I will tell people straight up to not waist their time.
I'm a Leonardo Dicaprio fan, but this movie is a poopy tiny baby
diaper.
			
Now firstly, I was impressed at the effort put into this film...
HOWEVER, after seeing it, I have come to this conclusion: This would be
a great movie were it not for the lack of originality, what you see
here is an ancient plot line marketed on the blood of people who died
in this tragedy, if you want to see a similar film, get out Romeo and
Juliet (another DiCaprio film) which contains exactly the same
appalling rigid acting from young Leonardo and practically the same
plot line! Boy meets girl, girl already engaged or to be engaged with a
fatal divide, in R+J it's the family divide (Montigues and Capulets),
in titanic it is the barrier between the rich and the poor, the only
reason this desecration of Shakespeares work (Romeo and Juliet + Boat)
sold is because it had special effects involving the sinking of the
liner 'The Titanic', THAT was it's USP, what else is there? The story?
Already covered that. The acting? Hell no. A girl in one of my classes
at college was praising the writer on such an imaginative story: " How
did he come up with the idea of creating this story of a large ship
sinking AND adding love." Now don't get me wrong, I wouldn't base this
review on one silly girls remark, but if you reverse that, there was no
creativity in it, the only creativity involved was part of the
tarnishing of the past of REAL people who were on the boat, the man who
shot himself for killing a passenger, IT DIDN'T HAPPEN! He gave his
life to save others... Where is the conscience of the Hollywood pigs
who tainted this guys past? The best part of this film was the end, and
I love this film solely for the sweet consolation of the absolute
poorness of this film that is the drawn out death of the character that
is Jack Dawson.
			

I suppose this film is OK for people who like a bit of romance and
stuff, but never has anything so over-hyped and laden with awards been,
in my opinion, so utterly lifeless and under-inspiring. I'll be honest with you all in that I could not watch all of this film
in 1 sitting so I actually watched in over 4 separate occasions.I also believe that remakes of existing films always tend to be a
disappointment and a let down. In this case Titanic lived up to my
expectations totally.Gentlemen: watch this if your partner insists, but tell them you may
not be able to endure the whole film in one sitting. Over the top Romantics: you will probably enjoy this.Anyway, I am not a heartless unromantic person I just could not face
any more of this film

			

James cameron must be out of his confused mind to direct this c grade low
class film.i don't know how this movie got best film at the oscars where
the
film itself is loaded with special effects and stupid romantic scenes thar
make people laugh.it's like a bollywood movie in hollywood style.absolute
crap.
			

As normal, I break with most people I know, since they generally loved this
movie. I didn't like it at all, for a large number of reasons.First of all, it was too long. They showed detail in scenes that did not
need detail, and even within the movie, they re-hashed scenes multiple
times. In fact, it almost felt like the second half of the movie was a
poorly-done sequel to the first half of the movie. In the first half, we saw
way too much detail about the 'daily life' on the ship, most of which I
found boring and not worthy of my time to watch.  In the second half, we saw
a 90 minute pseudo-documentary of the sinking of the Titanic, an event which
even in real life only took 2 hours. So basically, James Cameron showed us
almost every single minute of the sinking. This is poor from a technical
dramatic standpoint. Good drama glosses over the boring, nitty-gritty
details, to focus on the important stuff. Cameron decided to show the
nitty-gritty details with as much care and attention as the important
sequences. Some interpret this as "great attention to detail." I don't see
it that way. I see it as boring depiction of events that are neither
relevant to the plot nor worthy of my time to witness.This brings us to my second complaint about this movie: the plot. Basically,
this was a glorified, very expensive version of the old TV show "The Love
Boat." Indeed, most episodes of "Love Boat" that I can recall were of a
higher caliber, plot-wise and dialog-wise, than this movie was. I thought
the dialog was forced, and stale, and did not "ring true" at all. Cameron
was too "present" in the movie -- that is, I felt that he was forcing the
characters to do exactly what he wanted, rather than having events take
their "natural" course. Probably, this is because he was depicting something
based in truth (the sinking of the Titanic), and so he had no choice about
where the overall story would end up (the ship sinks -- I assume this is not
a spoiler for anyone, heh heh). Thus, he had to force the part of the story
that leads up to the sinking in a certain direction, and he did this in a
poor manner that was too blatant, and made the whole thing seem
artificial.I also thought both the principle actors (Kate Winslett, Leo DiCaprio)
turned in terrible performances. I didn't really believe in either of them.
Worse yet, they annoyed me, and their characters really irritated me. This
is a terrible flaw in a disaster movie: if you dislike the characters to
which the disaster (in this case, the sinking of the ship) is going to
happen, then you really don't care whether they live or die. In fact, I was
actually rooting for BOTH of them to die, because by the end of the film,
they had irritated me enough that it was the only way I thought I'd get any
satisfaction.I will admit that the film had excellent special effects. Normally, I like
special effects movies. I even don't mind ones that openly, honestly have no
interest in plot, characters, or story. However, Titanic had none of those
things except special effects, but tried to pretend like it did. It's that
presumptuousness that really irritated me. The movie so blatantly lavish,
scenes were so clearly done "just to show they could do it," that I could
sense the arrogance of Cameron and the entire cast and crew in every scene.This movie was a big waste of more than 3 hours of my time. My rating:
1/10.
			

While the popular thing to do would be to simply say, this movie sucks,
without any particular reasons why, I won't.
The reason why it drew so much attention was mostly because rabid,
drooling
females saw that Leonardo DiCaprio was in it.  While he may not be a bad
actor at all, to rate a movie as very high, simply because one of the
actors
is very "hot" is extremely stupid indeed.  While the plot wasn't that bad,
the problem was that everyone knew the outcome...the ship was going to
sink
and a bunch of people were going to die.  In cutting off this suspense
from
the viewers, the effectiveness of the film was partially destroyed.Another thing that bothered me was how the rich passengers (exceptions
being
Rose and Molly Brown) were all portrayed as uncaring, selfish,
materialistic
beings...apparently only  because they were wealthy.  This is an extremely
biased and 2-D cardboard point of view.  In fact, the whole movie seemed
very 2 dimensional and an insult to the real tragedy that occured.  It
incured sympathy for them, but characters were often displayed as only
good
or only bad.  Humans are made up of both sides, and in this movie, the
characters were either entirely noble, or entirely nasty.  It was given an
Oscar for best picture, in my opinion, purely because it was one of the
latest movies to come out and everyone was raving over it.  Fortunately,
however, as Titanic's only following were fickle teenagers (my age group)
who jump onto every new movie that comes along with cheers, proclaiming
themselves ultimate fans, Titanic will soon disappear into oblivion.  Star
Wars, although NOT winning an Oscar for best picture, triumphs in the end,
for it has kept a large following for a good 25 years.  Titanic seems to
be
fading away after 2.
			

What can you say about a film that believes its own hype? James Cameron,
script writer and director, has attempted to tackle many social issues but
has failed at every attempt. All English people are either dim or evil;
all
other nationalities are down-trodden and good. The message of this movie
appears to be that money is the root of all evil, however he probably felt
very differently when he was given a budget for this turkey.
Although the special effects were impressive, I found my jaw dropping not
so much at the effects, but at the appalling script and juvenile plot
line.
This could be renamed "The Poseidon Adventure in frocks" but "The Poseidon
Adventure" was much better than this film will ever be. All in all
"Titanic"
was a giant ego trip for Cameron - one which the Academy fell for hook,
line
and sinker. 
			

The same old love story, with mediocre acting and a bad
script.
Not even the bit of special affects or the detail Cameron gave can save
it.
I think that there is about 10 minutes that are worth watching.  Save your
time for a better film
			

A glorified sit-com, or soap opera.  This is one big hustle; I'm told it's
the best movie ever...I must be from Mars.  It's an insult to 1500 who died
in 1912, an insult to women, and a patronizing film in
1998.
			

Anachronistic dialogue, pathetic direction (did they really all sleep
through it at Oscar time?)  Impossible behaviour for that day and time.
Absolutely nothing worth spending any money on.  Even the sets and costumes
reeked of ineptitude and a vast failure in research.Not even Leonardo DiCaprio, such an excellent young actor in films like...Gilbert Grape, can overcome the soggy, asinine, totally erroneous script
and amateur direction of James Cameron, who should go back to Alpo dog food
commercials.I have heard that people have seen it more than once.  They must have gone
back to count the howlers.
			

This is one of the most boring, unexciting, lame, worthless pile of dog heap
I have ever seen. I know some overly stimulated people love this film for
its emotional romantic story and great acting by 'Leo' and 'Kate' I can't
help but feel this is less than rubbish. If this deserved best picture and
most successful film of all time, I'm sure The Stupids and Godzilla deserved
to be in the AFI Top 100 list. This has no meaning at all, and encourages
stupid teens to steal girls from their fiances. I mean, who is the villain
here if a poor try-hard gambling artist who seduces rich women and goes into
a rich man's car and makes it dirty and makes her think not to marry the man
she truly loves and wanted to get married with? That's either a very sick
surfer-dude or ONE, DUMB woman. When he dies, he only makes it worse for Kate
and basically ruins her life. She has no mother, no husband and no life
anymore. It was that S.O.B. who made her live with her daughter in a
haystack cabin 80 years later, if DiCrapio wasn't there she would have died
happily rich and loved by her family.Yes, James Cameron did a good job wasting his time here, he did probably
deserve Responsible for the Biggest Mistake Ever, but he did much better in
T2, The Abyss, Aliens and True Lies. Those films actually entertained me.
And, Jim, you're NOT the king of the world.The script was wonderful. Glorious is all I can say."I'll never let go Jack, I'll never let go..."
(Rose lets go of Jack)
-audience cries. oh jack. oh jack-"Do you love him?"
"Pardon me"
"Do you love him?"
"None of your business!"
"It's a simple question."
(Jack stares at Rose very angrily)
-audience holds each other's hands, anxiously waiting for an
answer-Touching..All in all, Titanic is one overrated pile of nothing which DOES NOT DESERVE
its acclaim i'm telling ya. And to all you MEN out there who love this
movie, what is this world coming to?
			

I'd like to say that 'Titanic' only got it's attention because Leonardo
DiCaprio was in it and it was the most expensive movie. It was nothing like
the real sinking of the Titanic, and they made too many mistakes, which you
will notice if you watch carefully. I'm a fan of Camerons work, but this
was simply an attention seeker movie, like 'Godzilla'. It shouldn't have
gotten all the Oscars because there were better movies, with much better
standards. The only Oscars it deserved to win was best song, and best
music, which was the only good thing about this movie. If you wanna see a
real masterpiece see 'Good Will Hunting' or 'Sliding Doors'. For those who
haven't seen it, see it but don't expect the best, expect an average
disaster movie.
			

This film must be one of the seven plagues. There's no escape from it even
 though anyone can see the script was bad, the acting preposterous and the
 characters ludicrous. I still have no idea how this film could be seen as
 great when the far better 'A Night to Remember' has been forgotten by
 almost everyone.
			
I have given this film 1 because, for its time, the special-effects
were truly excellent, and also because the costumes were and still are
breath-takingly beautiful. I watched this film back-to-back as a teenager out of adoration for
Leo, and now I am an adult I went to watch it again in 3D, expecting to
be wowed like before. Oh dear. Themes of the film - "Rich people are evil, all of them. Only poor
people have feelings." "Cheating on your fianc is fine, and he is not
allowed to have any kind of reaction to this." "If we don't both fit on
this wardrobe door, one of us will surely die...but let's only
half-heartedly try once to fit us both..."Also, Kate Winslet is supposed to be 18!? REALLY!?!?!?! Come on now
guys...come on....
			

I've seen some shockers in my time, but this excuse for a film takes the
cake.  I had some respect for Cameron and Winslet before this one, but all
that was ruined by Titanic.  Easily the Academy's biggest mistake of recent
years, and certainly the aforementioned film stars.
(I had little respect for DiCaprio, however, so he isn't tainted any more)
Billy Zane must have been desperate, as even if he's not the best actor
around, he's still a popular choice for me.
A script that couldn't have been recycled into toilet paper, combined with
bad acting and a bad story make Titanic a disaster, rather than a disaster
movie.  For a good romance, check The Princess Bride, and for disaster, see
a good war movie - try Gallipoli.

			
The sinking of the Titantic is actually quite interesting, as anyone
who has read a well-written book about the event can tell you. This
film tosses away that story and replaces it with a cornball teeny
bop-per love story that makes one want to puke, all the while
slandering historical figures (like J Bruce Ismay, whom James Cameron
has falsely portrayed as a prototypical heartless and cowardly
businessman) and some others unfortunate enough to be a target of
Cameron's biases. In the end, Cameron's film so far removed from
reality that it's unlikely anything it contains would ever be taken
seriously by anyone looking for the historical facts. I mean, when was
the last time Hollywood presented real history? Probably 1964 when they
filmed The Longest Day, whose script was religiously close to Cornelius
Ryan's book. Since then, not much. The fact that Cameron had to make up
a subplot wouldn't have been so bad, had it remained a subplot to the
story of the sinking, and had it been realistic rather than such a
trite piece of romantic nonsense. Cameron had the opportunity to make a
definitive account of this well-known event and totally blew it. To
tell history you need someone who is dedicated to historical truth, not
someone determined to make the audience reach for their collective
handkerchiefs. Shame on you, Mr. Cameron. What a colossal waste.
			
First, what baffles me about the film, before I have even reviewed it,
was the MPAA rating. 'PG-13'? This film, no, this crap, does not
deserve to be rated that. "There Will Be Blood" was rated 'R' for such
little violence. It parts of Canada, it was rated 'PG'. This film has
Much more violence than "There Will Be Blood" and sex and nudity. But
due to it being a big Blockbuster movie, and the MPAA being terrible,
It received the Rating of 'PG-13' instead of 'R'. This film has visual
effects that are decent, and that's where the "PROS" List ends. The
Acting makes me want to cut out my live with a spoon and feed it to
myself. Leonardo DiCaprio didn't act at all in that movie. Kate Winslet
was Passable, but thats not saying much. It was full of Clich's that
you'd see in a crappy Romantic Comedy. The Dialogue is crap. Why it was
even nominated for an Academy Award baffles me. This film didn't even
make the top 250 IMDb films! "Toy Story 2" even made it on that list!
This film deserves to be wiped out like the Mayan Civilization only
without any Ruins for them to be remembered.
			
I didn't watch this film until recently because I couldn't stand all
the furore around it when it was released, and then I forgot all about
it.I wish I had remained so.It's trash in the same vein as "Pearl Harbour". Overproduced, overly
sentimental claptrap which highlights the lack of imagination in the
American mainstream cinema.What exactly do you all see in it? There are much better romances, much
better disasters, better characters and better period pieces.Perhaps discussion can help me to find out...
			
But NOT because the movie is an oh, so tragic story about two young
lovers and a boat sinking in the sea. But because of one person - ONE
PERSON ONLY - spent about a billion dollars on this movie (while about
a billion human beings can't get food for the day, a house to sleep in
or clean clothes) and didn't succeed to make a great movie. Three hours
is how long this was. That's at least about two and a half hour too
much. One thing if it they spent the money on a documentary on the
subject, or at least spent the money on better boats, but not on this
awful movie. The silly plot, ridiculous jokes, bad actors, an
unoriginal subject ... What more can I say? O yeah - it has great
special effects! "But that's at least something!" you might say! NO -
IT'S - NOT! It's just another problem. Because special effects are not
all, and if they had to spend money on special effects, they could at
least have made a greater movie. I hope the producers and the director
will spend the rest of eternity in hell, watching this movie. Over and
over again.
			

I had time over Thanksgiving so I figured what the hell?  I'll watch it
again.  Just to give it a second chance.  It was even worse the second time
around!  The special effects are really cheesy, something that was covered
up with the fuzzy resolution on the big screen, and I could tell exactly
when something was computer generated or not.  Even the vapor coming out of
the people's mouths when they're floundering in the ocean is computer
generated, and very noticeably too.  The whole movie is just really too
awful for words.  It's a very manipulative film, using all the cliches, all
the plot contrivances, and people who don't know any better, or who don't
mind being manipulated, just ate it up and saw it 1, 2, 3, 10 times.  Just
because it won Oscars doesn't mean it deserved them.  How many of you
remember when Gandhi won Best Costume?  Excuse me, for bedsheets?  Titanic's
costumes were accurate on the whole and I love that period costume, so
perhaps it deserved that award, but I do groan at Winslet's hair.  I've seen
scores of photos from that time period and no hair looks like what hers
does.  They did not have Pantene ProV back in 1912.
			

I got a free copy of TITANIC when I ordered GEORGE WALLACE (a GOOD movie)
from Big Star Video, and I had no trouble whatsoever getting it off my
hands.  In fact, they groveled in thanks.  How pathetic.  I even started
watching it and couldn't get through 15 minutes.  In the theatre I didn't
realize how slow going it is and finally I decided I had better things to
do than watch a movie that doesn't deserve a second viewing.Yes, I didn't like this movie.  All the people who say that TITANIC is the
greatest movie ever made so easily disregard films that have endured over
the decades and still retain the qualities that made them great movies in
the first place.  Perfect example: GONE WITH THE WIND.  Excuse me, people,
but Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet do not, and I don't think they ever
will, have the star quality of Clark Gable and Viven Leigh.  Wait 60 or 70
years and see if TITANIC is still called a classic.  Make plans with your
grandchildren and a Ouija board so you can find out.One of the biggest disappointments of the movie was the character of Molly
Brown.  Where was the woman who took charge of one of the lifeboats?  Kathy
Bates gave a caricatured performance (no doubt the fault of Cameron's
atrocious script - the product of a 24 hr. marathon session if I ever saw
one) of a woman who was in reality a true heroine.  In the movie, the
officer in the lifeboat tells her to shut up and she does.  The Molly Brown
in A NIGHT TO REMEMBER is still the best portrayal.The other actors are equally undistinguished.  Frances Fisher, Billy Zane 
(what was with the eyeliner?) and David Warner were the "heavies" and all
they lacked were black moustaches they could twirl.  If Cameron's script
had had Zane tie Winslet to the railroad tracks, it wouldn't have seemed
out of place.  David Warner put in a much better performance in about 25%
of the screen time in STAR TREK VI.The FX, while admirable, were not breathtaking and certainly not enough to
keep the rest of the movie afloat.  For people who like a well-rounded
movie and who don't want to pay a full admission price for only half
-enjoyment, TITANIC falls far short.For those fans who point out that this wasn't intended to be a documentary:
there were plenty of fascinating, true stories that happened on the
Titanic.  Cameron could have changed names and brought them to the screen 
(such as the suspected murderess-nanny) rather than film a poor excuse for a
Victorian gaslight melodrama.  From the director who made me leery of air
ducts (ALIENS) and unemotional policemen (T2), this film was uninspired and
lacked suspense (and no, not because I knew the boat would sink
).The one saving grace of the film (yes, there is one) is Victor Garber's
performance of Andrews, the ship's designer. Too bad he didn't have more
screen time.  He was the only one I didn't want to die.  The rest of them I
would have cheerfully pushed over the side into the freezing waters myself.

			

Let me Start by saying I really, truly, and without a doubt mean every word
 I am going to say here:What is so special about this movie?!@#  This has got to be the longest,
 most pathetic, boring excuse for Oscar Bait I have ever seen, and that's
 even comparing it to some of the other doozies that Hollywood has honored
 in the past.  First of all, Leonardo Can't act to save his life.  What was
 the official word at the casting call?  "Must be able to stand in front of
 the camera and bring in teenage women"?  And Kate Winslet, who I have
 respected in the past, completely lost her abilities as well.  You wait two
 hours for anything to happen, and when it does, it happens so slowly that I
 hardly even noticed.  As for the special Effects, I've seen better Special
 Effects in movies with MUCH smaller budgets.  Want to know what the best
 part of the movie was?  When I went to go see it, right before the end
 credits, the film melted and the projector caught on fire.  I was quite
 happy to realise that a copy had been partially destroyed.  This is a
 terrible excuse for a film.  How can you not agree when the machinery
 showing it commits suicide??
			

Overwrought all the way through. Nicely shot, not too bad for acting, but
predictable, over-the-top sentimentality kills what could still have been
a
great plot with suspense and surprise. Instead it's so predictable as to
be
boring. The effects are good at the end, but they're hardly worth sitting
through the rest of it to get there. Borrow somebody's DVD and skip to
the
sinking, then find a good flick on the tube!

			

SO much hype. The acting was just terrible. People flocked to this movie
like sheep. The dialogue was so contrived, how could people not notice? It
is a shame this movie is seen as "romantic", rather than as the
monstrosity
it is.
			
Titanic Is A Commercial Movie With Half Naked Woman Scene &194 Minutes
Of Absolute Boredom & Back Ache.I Saw This DVD and I could not tolerate sitting more than 3 hours like
a couch potato for a commercial movie that is filled with boredom.Titanic Has Sex Scene Of Half A Naked Woman Posing Half Nude For The
Painting. This Scene Caused The Movie To Be Purely Commercial & Perhaps
Rated R For Nudity.In My Opinion James Cameron's Movie Could Have Been So Much Better
Without This Unnecessary Nudity Scene Unless He Wants To Attract People
To Seeing It. We Know Very Much How Nudity & Sex Sells!.
			

Why was this film such a success at the box office? Because of young girls
and their sickening crush mentality. I know no less than 5 or 6 girls aged
between 10 and 16 who saw this film at the cinema 10 times or more. What a
waste of daddy's hard earned money.James Cameron made a lot of money off this film, but considering the quality
stuff he used to make, like Terminator and Aliens, this was a total sell
out.DiCaprio is not much of an actor, but with his looks - he doesn't need to
be. That fat English cow (Kate Winslet) would have better been cast in a
Jenny Craig commercial.In fact, the effects were the only redeeming feature of this film, and the
part where Jack dies is almost reward enough for sitting through over 3
hours of torture. It's just a shame the repulsive Rose didn't do the decent
thing and join him.1 out of 10, and only because Jack dies and because the Rose "nude" scene
didn't show too much of her flabby body.
			

Horribly flat characters, laughably pathetic dialogue.  Only the impressive
big budget scenery saved this from being a total shipwreck of a
movie.
			
..... for a blind man who can't see the different between good movie and the
bad one. actually, i admit that titanic is a very good movie. but the good
part from this movie just the technics, e.g. visual effect, sound effect,
editing, art direction, etc. i think the most important part from a movie is
story and the performance of all cast. and titanic had sucessfully failed on
that part. what a mess movie. it has an excellent technic, but weak in the
story. it's like a human being without soul. it had prooven by the result of
1997 academy award that refuse to give the award for best original
screenplay, best actress, and the supporting one, best actor (especially
this one. leo is playing very, very bad.). i think i'll just stand next to
the other film criticisian who believe that the 1997 best movie is not
titanic. say congratulation to.... : "L. A. CONFIDENTIAL"   

			

I will admit it, I got sucked up into the Titanic hype, and went to
see
the Movie with my girlfriend. We were both disappointed. Yes, the visual
effects are good, but the true story behind Titanic is the astonishment
and
shock of the worlds most luxurious ocean liner sinking on its maiden
voyage.
The fact that it was labeled unsinkable, yet sank! All the unfortunate
victims of its doomed first and final voyage. Not about two kids who boink
in the back seat of some jalopy! It needed to show more realism, the
truth,
and have a much better, stronger story. The movie was simply filled with
too
much cheesy acting, and not enough facts. I'm not saying this cause I'm a
guy,
I'm saying this because it is what was evidently clear in my eyes when i
saw
this film, and is congenial with the eyes of many others.
			

True that Titanic has won many many awards, even tying for most awards ever
given to a film.  However, there are many many downfalls that made me
comment.Firstly, I would love to just say "sucks" and leave it at that but that
would be rude.   A predictable plot and acting is in question.  I still have
not seen the film but I will never watch it because of this.  The
astronomical budget did not meet the end result.  Comparing this to Ben Hur
which has won the most awards from the academy would make this film look
like "showgirls" to star wars.I do believe the film did deserve some credit for special fx but the budget
of several hundred million dollars could have fed Millions of starving
children in Ethiopia for several months..
			
To begin with, I liked James Cameron as a director. As a matter of
fact, Aliens is my all-time favorite movie. Throughout the 80's and mid
90's James Cameron could do no wrong, then it happened: Christmas 1997
James Cameron released the most overrated, over-hyped piece of garbage
that the world has ever known: Titanic! I don't buy for a second, that
Cameron cared about the real tragedy, the victims, or the heroes! I
firmly believe that Cameron's sole intention for making this movie was
to fatten his wallet! Critics praised it as a masterpiece, Teen and
preteen girls swooned, and before you knew it, this rancid, vomit
inducing, cinematic travesty became the highest grossing movie of all
time! Before I begin, let me just clarify one thing: I don't hate this
movie because it was a hit, I hate this movie for much more than that!
So the film begins with treasure hunters exploring the wreck of the
Titanic. They're searching for something, but we don't know what that
exactly is yet. They find an old safe, and decide to bring it up to the
surface. They cheer, pop champagne bottles, and celebrate that they've
found what they've been looking for. However, once the safe is opened,
they only find an old drawing of a woman wearing a diamond necklace.
Some time later, a local news station does a story on the treasure
hunters' expedition. An old woman watching the news story recognizes
the drawing, contacts the leader of the expedition, and they bring her
to where they are. We find out that they are searching for that lost
diamond necklace, and that she is the woman in the drawing. So the film
then goes into her story, and to sum it all up, we get the same old
clich-ridden love story, we've all seen before! Two people from two
different worlds fall in love, and everything is working against their
union. Some of you out there might be thinking that I hate this movie
because I'm a guy, and generally, guys hate love stories. but that's
not the case. I liked the movie Moulin Rouge, and I loved the movie The
Notebook. The difference between those movies and this movie is: They
actually did something NEW with that basic plot! Unlike Titanic, in
which the only thing "new" is that that it happens on the Titanic. In
the story, we meet characters that have the names of real people. These
people include: Captain E.J. Smith, Designer Thomas Andrews, Builder
Bruce Ismay, Crewman William Murdoch, and passengers, John Jacob Astor
and "The Unsinkable" Molly Brown. Do we learn anything about these
people or what happened to them? NO! These Characters are nothing more
than plot devices! THIS, is the reason why I hate this movie! It is an
insult to these people's family and memory to portray them this way!
Specifically, William Murdoch's and Molly Brown's. In reality, these
people were heroes! In this film however, Molly Brown is used as a
comic relief, and William Murdoch, is made into a villain! James
Cameron, How dare you!! In 2001, the movie Pearl Harbor was released,
and everyone hated it. People have said that the movie was poorly
written, the plot was horribly clich, and that it makes a cheap
mockery of a real life tragedy. What people fail to realize is: This is
exactly what Titanic was! Why is Pearl Harbor labeled as cinematic
tripe and garbage, while a few years earlier, Titanic did the EXACT
same thing and it's labeled a masterpiece! If you're going to hold
Michael Bay's feet to the fire for Pearl Harbor, you might as well do
the same to James Cameron. I know a lot of people still love this
movie, and that's fine, to each their own. In my opinion however, there
will never be enough hatred for this film, Even if everyone in the
world turned around and suddenly hated it, it still wouldn't be enough!
			
please...it is a three hour sinking boat...yeah we feel bad for the
people who lost their lives..that is why we're making millions of
dollars to exploit their death...great job Cameron...why not do a 9-11
film now? or the 1906 earthquake? The funny thing is that I have to
come up with ten lines about how a boat sank....wasn't that the dilemma
that James Cameron had? Trying to fill 180 minutes for a boat that sank
just as fast and make it a little more interesting than the horror that
it was? How can we sucker punch people to go to a movie that is simply
tragic so that we can remind them to avoid pleasure cruise boats from
the early 1900s especially around icebergs...trudging slowly around an
obvious and uncreative storyline....blah blah blah..I wasted 6 hours of
my life with Titanic and Pearl Harbor...monumental days in American
History destroyed in 6 slow torturing hours...why not rip my
fingernails out???
			

SPOILER at the end of this..                                  First
off, let me say, I am a big fan of James Cameron's movies, so I was
incredibly dissapointed by this movie.  This movie looks like it was made
for the lifetime network. The special effects were wonderful........that
is
the only nice thing I can say about it.  It has a BAD!!! made for tv plot
that is so thin Collista Flockhart would be jealous.  The love story was
completely unbelievable, and DiCaprio besides giving a horrible
performance
was just plain annoying. The fact that it is the biggest grossing movie in
history is a very telling commentary on our society and just plain sad.
How
did this movie win any oscars let alone one for EDITING!!!  I don't think
anyone edited this POS(piece of s--t) at all. This movie took longer to
watch than the ship did to sink,  that is not a lie.  Jim Cameron owes me
3
hours of my life back       !!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!SPOILER
ALERT
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Now to the ending. I rather enjoyed watching Leo freeze to death....to me
it was the high point in the film, although I had to wait 3 BLEEPING hours
to get to it. Then we go back to the old rose being wheeled around and it
turns out she has had the massive blue diamond in her possession all
along,
which she then throws into the ocean....ARRRG!!!!  WHY!!!!!    I wish
someone had thrown her in after it!!
			

This is by far, the most over-rated movie of all time. It won something
like
13 Academy Awards simply based on box office grosses. How do I know this,
because it came out the same year as LA Confidential, one of the greatest
crime dramas ever made. The set design and direction of Titanic are
actually
very good. Well the set design is AMAZING. However the acting is so bad,
it
makes me wonder how Leonardo Dicaprio was ever a good actor(The Basketball
Diaries, What's Eating Gilbert Grape). Kate Winslet wasn't bad, but surely
over-rated. Billy Zane plays a cartoon villain very poorly, not that he
ever
proved he was a good actor(The Phantom?). And the rest of the cast is just
blah. I still can't get past the fact that people really believe this is
one
of the great ones. Maybe after the teeny boppers that gave this movie 614
billion dollars grow up and see more movies, they'll realize that this is
an
overall mediocre movie. 
			

Titanic sweeps aside every great work of the cinema blinding us all with
its
amazing incompetence.The script for this film is dry dead wood floating around an
iceberg.The pace is so slow that there is no escaping the sheer horror of this
parade of stereotypes and cliches. Not a line works. History is ignored
and
rewritten according to the director's egocentric vision. This is a
dreadful
film. Dreadful beyond belief.That it is also one of the most successful in the history of the cinema
says
something very sour to me about human intelligence. I only hope and pray
that the reason for its success can be laid at the heel of Leo-mania. I
would hate to think that there are people who liked the film for
itself.
			

I HATE this movie. It was badly scripted, badly acted, and very boring. If
it was just any other chick flick I would roll my eyes and ignore it, but
because Cameron used a historical backdrop, I can't help but notice it.
Cameron said he made up his done to death Romeo and Juliet story line so
that
people would have a "human conection" to the ship. There were more than
2000
human conections on the ship that he just ignored. Those were stories of
real people whose lives were forever affected by this ship. I think that
it's sick to use the deaths of more then 1500 men, women, and children
just
to make money.
			

This film is so egregious, I sometimes wonder if it wasn't constructed to
be
campy on purpose a la a John Waters film.  The dialogue is beyond cheesy,
and the scene where Kate Winslet spit on Billy Zane is like something out
of
a grade-Z soap opera.  I didn't believe a second of this film - it is
extraordinarily fake in every respect. Even the special effects are bad
(even a blind man could tell that the ship is computer generated), which
is
especially pathetic given the bloated budget.  DO NOT WATCH THIS
FILM!
			

I must be the only person I know that does not gush when the title
"Titanic"
is mentioned.  I sat through the whole movie wondering if I'd have been
better off staying home and doing laundry, and I've come to the
conclusion,
that yes, I probably would have been.This movie is recycled cr*p.  They took the classic "Rich girl loves poor
boy" story, tagged on one of the world's largest tragic events, stuck in a
pretty face or two (forget about acting ability -- Kate dear, you were
better in Sense and Sensibility), ten bazillion dollars for a budget and
bingo, you've got yourself a blockbuster that attracts hoards of lip
glossed, hip huggered, chunky heeled, Britney Spears listening, glitter
wearing teenaged girls.  All for the sake of a pre-pubescent Leonardo
DiCaprio (c'mon! He looks like he's twelve).
It saddens me that something as shallow as a teen heart throb can elevate
a
piece of junk like Titanic to what some call the best movie of all time.
Argh!The only part of this movie that actually made me stop and look were the
beautiful CGI effects. However prettiness and expensive effects doth not a
good movie make.  Other than that, spitting off a ship and contrived
chases
with guns do not appeal to me much as good cinema.  I'd recommend everyone
to see it at least once, but not for the sake of seeing a good movie, but
to
remind society that we're too used to being served 2 for $1 cans of tuna
that were prepared for the cost of caviar. It's still just
tuna.
			

As I first saw Titanic, I was indeed pleased with the result of the film.
Nevertheless, I always thought about it as a typical love story as we have
seen it a hundred times with the difference of the ...Titanic.Special Effects were good, the sinking was very well done. Even the more
than three hours didn't bother me a lot. A few months later, I watched it
again, this time on video. Since I'm not a di Caprio fan, I concentrated on
the plot of on him. It was bad. This second time the movie bored the hell
out of me. It is one of those movies you can
get a complete awersion to. The plot is bad, dialogues are even worse and
visual efects didn't look all too impresive either, just compare it with
other, cheaper, movies.All in all after seeing the movie the first time I would have given it a
rating of 9, now it gets a 1 (only because I can't rate below
zero).
			

I have grown quite sick of this movie and the Celiene Deon song.  If there
wasn't some much said about it, I probably would have liked it more.
Frankly, the dialogue and much of the plot was silly.  The way they told
the
story, by starting in the present, was quite interesting, and compared to
other disaster films its outstanding, but best movie of all time?
NO!
			
movie was: cheesy, awful, overrated, crap, clich, stuff like that...i think the message was: true love conquers all??? so if it does, then
why didn't rose love cal back??? i mean you know cal was deeply in love
with rose he wanted to be with rose, and yet rose didn't love him back,
and now I'm supposed to believe that true love conquers all??? she just
met jack in the titanic, and next thing you know they fell in love with
each other??? crap i tell u crap!!! i mean five days in a ship, then
they were kissing and stuff like that... I'm saying that rose was easy
to get... jack was desperate in letting a girl fall in love with him (i
think)... at least thats what my friends think...... ???.... i don't
know if i hate it or if i like it... one thing i know for sure is that
i guess true love doesn't conquer all................i mean Poseidon is
very different, he he why am i comparing them? because I'm an idiot...
i like Poseidon better, more suspense and action, but hey what should
we expect from titanic? after all it was created in the 1990's..... and
the actor starring in the film dies in the end...big whoop.... wait i
haven't even seen it yet... no i haven't seen titanic
yet........................................note:this comment was
created by 4 people, so don't be confused if its totally random....some
of us has seen this movie, but i have a friend here who haven't
yet................we're so random........I'll never let go jack, I'll
never let go.......Poseidon is much better i tell you...you should
watch Poseidon..... why r we comparing Poseidon and titanic?? because
they're both sunken ships.. but the love story in titanic is much
intense..... Poseidon is full of suspense...........spoiler: it will
sink......like duh! everyone knows that!!!~~another comment~~
			
Despite Cameron's showboating at the Academy Awards, this is simply a
bombastic mess. His first mistake was to take on too many roles, and
crucially, that of screenwriter. What flimsy story he concocted to
precede the disaster is rife with bad dialog and the most tired
stereotypes imaginable. Take a look at the "Goofs" page here, too. You
would think they could have done much better; sloppy work for one of
the most expensive films ever made.I felt like shouting at the screen at times: are you kidding? They
spend how many minutes of the film in bone-chilling water and aren't
even shivering just a little bit after getting out? (The water
temperature would have to be about, what, 30 degrees? After all,
there's icebergs floating in it! They would have been hypothermic
within minutes, and dead after a few more.) And he gets the Best
Director Award for such atrocious work? (The Man Who Would Be King of
the World, indeed!)Billy Wilder tersely summed it up in one of his interviews with Cameron
Crowe: "Have you ever seen such horse**** in your life?"
			

James Cameron should be hauled out and shot for even thinking that this
screenplay was remotely intelligent. And to think, this is the same James
Cameron who made Terminator. Mr. Cameron stick to making shallow action
films and let drama be done by the people with some actual artistic
integrity like P.T. Anderson, Steven Soderbergh, Spike Lee, and Todd
Field.
			

Even if you put aside the fact that this movie could never have lived up
to
the hype that was put out for this movie, it still was a horrible movie.
the movie was complete fiction, except for the boat.  It really sank, but
none of the plot was true.  The movie was a disgrace.  It used a historic
tragedy to get people to watch their subpar movie.  The movie was
completely
predictable, and the basic concept has been done over and over and over
again.  I am ashamed that audiences flocked to a movie that just wasn't
very
good.  It is a disgrace to Hollywood that a movie that grossed the most
money ever ($600 mil) isn't even in the IMDB top 250 movies of all time.
it
just shows you how hollywood is only concerned with profits and not with
making quality movies.
			

Many teenage girls, with too much time on their hands, apparently were
furious with the Academy for not even nominating Leonardo DiCaprio for a
Best Actor award.  Well ladies, I can tell you why - he stunk!  That year,
people like Jack Nicholson and Matt Damon were nominated and for good
reason, they know how to act.The rest of the cast in Titanic was brilliant.  They portrayed people from
early this century.  In contrast, DiCaprio came acted like some "aw
shucks"
kid from 1997.  He didn't blend at all making his performance the weakest
part of this film.  Add that to a story that's been told a million times
over, and Titanic becomes a weak movie overall.
			
oh my god this movie is awful i hate this movie one of the worst movies
what the world has ever produced and of course the worst soundtrack
ever "my heart will go on" Celine Dion big crap. it must be a epic but
it's a piece of crap.Titanic,the ship of dreams i say titanic the ship
of crap.i don't i hate people who dead in 1912.but titanic is crap.it's
silly and overrated.i don't understand why this crap won 11 Oscars
why?it's so boring movie.i didn't even liked the acting it was too
hammy.James Cameron is not bad director,but this is black piece to his
movies.so i don't recommend it to anyone.watch something else.maybe a
lot of people love this movie but i hate this movie. 1.5/10
			
On a scale of 1 to bread, I give it -3. This movie money'd it's way
into our lives, selling us a tragic historical event, without giving us
an interesting plot, good acting, or a good script. I think the only
saving grace was the directing. They take a sappy love story, package
it around the sinking of the Titanic and make millions. The idea is not
creative at all. Under that premise, I can make a movie called Civil
War and have it be about a girl from the Union and a guy from the
Confederacy who fall in love. Then at the end, there's this whole war
thing and the guy dies. I'd make millions!!! Heck, that movie has
probably already been created. Sub-par, unoriginal stories like this
pollute the movie industry with the same ignorant recycled message:
that love conquers all... even death. We get it. If you find yourself
at the movie store with your girl or gal and you want to rent a good,
romantic movie, you'd be better off renting American Psycho. At least
American Psycho was good for it's genre.
			

How can people say things like " great movie" "Classic" and "Best of all
time" when talking about this excuse for a film!! It's terriable, the story
is boring and has been done about 1,000,000,000 times before! The story has
been fashioned to suit the Directors vision of what happened, history goes
straight out the door!! This film makes "Bill and Teds Bogus Journey" look
lika a film of epic proportion which is probably the greatst film ever
made(which of course it's not)If you want a classic may I suggest "the Usual Suspects" or "Pulp
Fiction".I give Titanic 0/10
			

Titanic is the most over rated movie, I think of the decade. It contains
boaring scenes, bad acting on the part of Leo, and unbelivable romances. I
don't understand why this movie was so loved. Young girls may enjoy Leo, but
I feel that he is totally over rated and a horrible actor. When I first saw
him in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, he was remarkable. What happened? I must
admit that the special effects were great, but a movie can't ride on effects
alone. Especially when it's 3 hours long. I thought it would never end. Lets
get over Leo's cute little face and be true to our selves.

			
I think this is one of the wort movies i have ever seen. An awful
script combined with awful actors. The only thing i found "more
valuable" are the special effects, but on a 200 million dollars movie
this is obvious. I simply can't understand why so many people loved
this movie. It has nothing to be remembered (the car scene is the most
remembered, but not because of his quality...), i really think this
film is too too bad. Awfully awful. I recommend you to not watch it,
because you will regret of it, you will waste your money. That's all,
if you want to see the worst movie ever, you HAVE to see it, but if you
don't...
			

What is so great about this movie that it made so much money? We will never
know. But all the hype about the real Titanic during that time sure helped
it. But looking behind the hype and the historical reference, what do we
have, really? Just another fictional love story between two characters that
nobody could identify with. C'mon, if it were a story of my real life, I
wouldn't want DiCapprio to star in it. He is a one dimensional actor with
no
real talent, just a "pretty face" which only a teenage girl or a confused
homo would fall in love with. The other actors were too transparent and
unreal. James Cameron was smart using such a clever background and special
effects. I've seen it only once in video to see what was all about and fell
asleep thru the first 21/2 hours of it. The only good scenes were the
sinking of the ship. Why such a crappy movie made so much money? I ill
never
know but it tells me a lot of the 'American way of life' here. An Oscar for
that? Where were L.A. Confidential, Good Will Hunting, Amistad? British
controlled Oscar Board of Directors...bah!  
			
Hands down one of the worst movies ever made, just a shame that the
French can't take credit for this one. Paper thin plots,
characterizations, and with an excessive running time that makes you
wish only that the iceberg had been bigger. The acting is awful and
completely under uses the talents of both DiCaprio and Winslett.
DiCaprio is capable of acting, look at "What's Eating Gilbert Grape",
and Winslett has had some charing roles as well, but neither of them
can give much in this straight jacket of a script. Directing a large
boat into a chunk of floating ice is hardly a talent worth accolades,
Cameron has done better. Once upon a time, he made movies that were
marginally imaginative, Titanic certainly puts an end to that. It's a
pity because you've already probably seen and suffered through this
one, but if not, skip it. Chasey Lane can give more feeling and "Night
of the Living Dead" more story.
			
I had the misfortune to be taken to see this film and spent an
agonising three hours with the will to live seeping away from me all
the time, so what's wrong with it? DeCaprio, from a purely unbiased
mans view I can see the appeal to the more uncritical female section of
the audience, however he was totally acted off the screen by the
glorious Kate Winslet. This is not the first time consistently he is
given parts that most actors would kill for only to find himself
completely upstaged by much better actors, remember Mercutio in Romeo
and Juliet, Daniel Day Lewis in that abomination Gangs of New York. I
rest my case. The soundtrack by Celine Dion left me with the urge to
scream with tedium, good voice shame about the material! The film is
over long and I can not see the necessity for the length the plot
certainly didn't present any challenges or surprises. The Titanic
disaster in reality was about people and peoples responses differed to
the in relation to it, it was not only the rich who were cowardly and
oppressive in reality there was a lot of bravery shown as well, in
other words HUMANITY at its best and worst. I found the Hollywood gross
oversimplification at best insulting at worst the stereotype portrayed
about the Irish deeply insulting and approaching racist. In summation I
would say that the experience was something similar to visiting a
slightly dementing older relative and being left alone in their company
for a day. The relationship between DiCaprio and The glorious Winslet
(OK I'm Biased) could not carry the entire film especially given its
length. I ended up praying for the iceberg and virtually cheering when
DiCaprio sank without a trace. Somewhere there is a more over rated
film but for the moment it escapes me.
			

Well, this movie had a great success... because it had all that you can
require from a movie : a love story, historical background, suspense, a
nice
"jeune premier", social differences, special effects... everything to be
sold !
The best example of a commercial movie (or how to kill the only true
cinema,
"le 7eme art")
			

If the director would take the whole lovey-dovey
rich-but-unhappy-girl-meets-poor-but-noble-boy
story line out of the movie, "Titanic" could be actually pretty decent and
mildly entertaining. There were some touching and/or ironic moments.
However, the amount of cheese made it obnoxious and annoying waste of time.
			

It reminds me of Star Wars in the sense that it was a good film, even maybe
considered a great film. Yet no way should this film have gotten the media
hype, and numerous awards which it did. I like Star Wars a lot, just like
this, but one thing I hope to never see is a Kate Winslet/ L. Dicaprio
(don't get me started about his acting skills, if any even exist) model
figurines in an antique shop for 200$. *** or maybe ***1/2 stars for this
flick, but don't bother to see it more than once- James Cameron is rich
enough as is.   
			

For a movie that had so much money wasted on it, I found the (very
expensive) computer animation to be quite bad. Have you watched Jurassic
Park recently, and thought "hey, that dinosaur animation looks really fake
now!", when it looked impressive the first time you saw it? -- I think that
is how the animation in Titanic will look like in a couple of
years.You will notice that the computerised people in the film have perfectly
spherical heads, they waddle rather than walk, and they all waddle in
exactly the same way. It's a bit like watching a synchronised dancers in a
music video. Because the computer animation scenes were interspersed with
live action scenes, I found the jumps between the two jarred a lot. Lighting
and fog levels did not match very well between the two. Computer animation
technology is capable of much more than Titanic demonstrated.In a few years, Titanic will look cheap -- but just like Jurassic Park,
people went to see it for the special effects. Unfortunately, the special
effects will not last the test of time, and with such a weak storyline this
is not a movie that will become a classic.
			
I remember the hysteria and crazy hype around the movie in 1997-98.
Terrible. Normal film critics got frightened and wrote adoring lines
about it. They were afraid of mad fans and Estonia is a small country
you know... Plain characters, banal plot, idiotic mistakes about
historical facts (Picassos famous cubist painting "Maids of Avignon"
sank in Titanic, as you you know from the movie now!!!), huge model of
the ship and big big money for brainwashing -- thats all. Artistically
the movie was more a TV series cut together than movie for cinemas. And
don't forget the harm the movie made for movie industry. Before it even
big studios tended to make more experimental movies -- Tarantino was
discovered for example. After it they all started to make stupid
blockbusters, everyone wanted to make his own "Titanic". It all went
really wrong.
			

i gave this film a 1, but thats only because there was no -999 rating, this
film sucked, because there was absolutley no plot. how can you have a 3 hour
movie with no plot. the story was a rip off of romeo and juliette, and even
that was done badly. the only part of the film i liked was when, jack's
friend is swimming away and that big massive chimney shaped thing drops on
him,,, oh how i laughed.i remember when this movie came out,, and there was such hype about it,
being the most expensive movie ever made, and everyone was going on about
how amazing it is. that was 4 years ago. 4 years later titanic ends up in
one of those Crazy Eddie bargain Video box's for 2.99,, and incase you
don't know, thats where all the lame video's end up. the fact is Titanic
is,, excuse me,, WAS all hype, behind the hype the film could not stand the
test of time because it is a lame film.and for those of you who think 4 years is a long time for hype to last,,
then think of Star Wars 24 years ago and STILL selling strong,, Seven
Samurai 50 years later and is STILL inspiring new directors. Titanic,,, 4
years later Crazy Eddie Bargain Video Box 2.99
			

I truly cannot believe how a movie of this calibre won 11
Oscars.
Great special effects can add additional excitement to a good
movie,
but they're not meant to carry a film. Like many another
modern
"blockbuster," strip away the computer f/x any you're left with
a
mind-numbingly large helping of schmaltzy, unbelievable dialogue and
acting.
This movie is a total waste of one's valuable time (not tomention money.) Avoid at all costs.
			
it wasn't satisfying enough for me, boring and repetitive. the
character of jack seemed to far fetched although a true story, the ship
sank and that is the only bit of truth, the fact that we had to wait 3 hours just for a ship to plunge into the
depths of the ocean whilst watching a boring and unromantic love story
just really didn't appeal to me. i really do not recommend you watch this unless you want to be involved
with boring and unreal plot lines that to be frank are all just her
words. do not watch this appalling film.By matthew
			

The acting is Terrible the storyline even worst and shots of the stop of the
ship look fake. It is very inaccurate very boring. Over rated movie that
only won best movie of the year out of popularity for What? nothing this
movie is worthless...The Characters are annoying the acting is awful. There
was better acting on independents day....(not to mention better storyline)
for a big hit of a movie that made alot of money this is terrible excuse of
a movie....I really don't see anything in it. Other than a insulting excuse
for a teenage flick. There where other movies more worthy of the best movie
of year than this thing....Ugggggggg @_@ You know everything that is going
to happen B4 you see it to the point it's so pointless...I am a teenager and
a girl and I couldn't stand it. (Rose should have been named Mis. Scowl Face
instead of Rose.) Pathetic....:I am gonna get off my soap box now::
Buh-Bye...
			
I mean, there is no way any of that would ever happen! I look better than that girl, so maybe she was desperate, but you don't
just go with some sleazy poor guy! I mean, have standards!Don't get me wrong, I feel bad for her, being so fat she needs help
putting that old-lady girdle on to look skinny for her man and that
homeless guy, but seriously, if you are so insecure that you are into
some bum who has no money but wants to draw pictures of you naked
because he can't even afford a camera, then you have some serious
self-esteem problems!Luckily there's that iceberg thing, so you don't have to watch how bad
her life would be with the pervy cheapskate. Cuz that would probably
really suck, so I hope they don't do a sequel about that.
			

I saw 'Titanic' twice as it was released in 1997. My first impression
was "wow", it felt really stunning and visually impressive, big and
simply the "best". However the impression was lost soon. One thing I
realized - 'good movie' is not equal to 'expensive movie'. After this I
saw hundreds of films and I started to evaluate them from a different
point of view and 'Titanic' sank to the ocean of Hollywood production,
not leaving a footstep after it.This was a very expensive film, but as I now remember the whole story,
the way it was shown, the grandiose hype of it... it feels completely
banal, plain and... cheap. Cheap not in terms of money spent on it but
in terms of plot, acting and general style of the movie. Yes I have to
pay my respect to the director for such a grandiose work and all those
Oscars he received (even though they're not that valuable anywhere but
in Hollywood), but to my opinion this film is an expensive and
unsuccessful attempt to make a good film. Yes, the views were nice and
realistic, but that's all. There's nothing more I could rate positively
in this film except the technical special effects. How many more
criterion's despite special effects are there while rating a movie?I congratulate the makers of 'Titanic', they did a good business and
after spending $ hundreds of millions they profited even more but that
doesn't make 'Titanic' a good film. It's just another 'stunning' piece
of Hollyywood production in the bad meaning of it. Sorry if I sound too
harsh but I really mean it. For nice effects - 4/10

			
Titanic is one of the most overrated boring, films I have seen. And to
think that James Cameron of Terminator fame directed this ship-sinker
(pun intended) of a film? Wow. The story goes on for about 3 hours way
too long and Leonardo DiCaprio is way over rated for this film. Skip
this movie, it is really dull and boring.I give 'Titanic' a 1/10
			
The Passion Of The Christ Is Better Than This Crap And Why You Ask This
Movie Was Boring Stupid And Anything Else That Is Stupid Every Scene In
This Movie Is Stupid And Dull And Boring A 1 Is The Lowest I Can Give
For This Web Page My Real vote is A Minus 5 I Never Need To See This
Movie Again My Better Movie Is What I Mentionioed Its The Passion Of
The Christ Also Tombstone Fahrenheit 9/11 Into The West Jesus Christ
Superstar Misssissippi Burning MASH Billy Jack Wyatt Earp Is Better
Than Jack Dawson And Michael Moore Is Better Than James Camron In
Closing I Think This Movie Sucks Whenever Someone Want To Watch This
Movie I Leave The Room To Watch Something Else
			
When this film came out in the late 90's, I made a vow that I would not
see it in the movie theatre. I kept to my vow but God in his infinite
wisdom made sure I saw it. On a trans-Atlantic flight the feature
presentation was Titanic. I took it as a sign and I watched the film, I
was preparing to be whisked away into the film but I was only slapped
by it. I found the acting to be dreadful and the dialogue between the
characters was awkward at best. I used to be a fan of James Horner but
listening to the soundtrack I was torn, was I listening to Braveheart
or snippets from Apollo 13(which was a reconstituted score of
Sneakers)? Nearing the end of the flight and the film during the
promise scene between Rose and Jack with the line "I'll never let go" I
mumbled "let the buggar sink" a little too loudly and was shushed
loudly and got dirty looks. Sorry, but the line was so corny and the
delivery was not believable. The reason this is being written nearly 8
years later is that fact that Titanic was on today and I wanted to give
it a second chance. With this viewing I was again struck with the
herky-jerky dialogue, bad acting and Continuity problems galore! With
the tagline of Titanic being the biggest budgeted film of the time
where was the money for continuity and anachronisms. A ten minute
search on the internet would has solved many problems. Artistically
this film is good yet when I pay my 8-9 well earned bucks for a film I
want to be transported away for 2-3 hours. With this film I was not
transported anywhere, I sat in my seat and I was aware of my seat and
that I was rolling my eyes.
			

This film is pants, three painstaking, mush-filled hours of some of the
poorest film making I've ever witnessed.  And the sad thing is, this is
James cameron.  He made Aliens!  He made Terminator and Terminator 2!
These
films are classics, undoubted classics but Titanic.....it smells.  Bad.
Dont watch it, ever.  And if you do see someone actively wanting to view
this
film, shoot them.  It's for their own good.  End of.Avoid like the black plague.AvoidAvoidAvoid like you would avoid sexual intercourse with a saggy old
woman.Just avoid!
			

This movie was way too long! I have seen Leonardo DiCaprio do better acting
when he was a kid on "Growing Pains." There were so many unbelievable plots
in this movie. Why would people bring guns on a ship and shoot people. There
are so many unanswered questions in this movie. Why were the rich people so
mean and snobby? This movie won eleven Oscars? 1997 must have been a very
bad year for movies. Who did the extensive research for this movie? How do
they know what happened on the Titanic? Very few people (if any) that were
on that ship are alive today. Most of the actors did a very good job.
However,  I haven't seen many of them in other movies. The ship did look
luxurious for 1912. 
			

In my top 3 worst 3 films of all time, just beating King Ralph into 3rd.
If
i were you, i would take yourself outside, rub a cheese grater on the side
of your face for 3 hours then come back inside.  Believe me, you will of
had
much more fun....
			

I don't get it, why would anyone spend time to watch this movie over and
over and over and over again? My girl friend watched this movie for 3
times.
MY GOD, in theater!! it drove me mad.This movie, is boring, dumb, and irrational. why would a rich girl fell
for
a poor theif? It just doesn't make any sense.
			

Titanic. Its awful. I can't believe people spent their money to see this
terrible movie.  If Mr.Peabody from Bulwinkle was real I wish he would go
in
the way back machine and stop Titanic from ever being made.
It boggles the mind that people can sit through bad movies and go yeahhhhh
and cheer and clap and hoot and holler and say man that was good or they
can
do that god awful crying for the cheap far from reality love
stories.
			

It pains me that this is the top grossing film of all-time and I'm shocked
at the lead it has over second place.  It was awful.  The music was
terrible.  The plot was terrible (it's fiction, remember?).  The acting was
terrible.  Leo is just not believable as the leading man, in my opinion. 
It's entirely too long.  I will grant that the sets were
fantastic.But then, I don't like Michael Jackson's "Thriller" either.   

			

It still bewilders me why so many people appear to like this movie.  From
a
special effects point of view, fair enough, the ship sinking was
impressive.
However, the claims made for its sense of romance and the emotional force
of the storyline leave me cold.  This is a childish, foolish movie where
we
are somehow expected to care about the adolescent cravings of two
cardboard
"characters".  I put the word "characters" in quotation marks as the
reality
is that anything approaching a realistic person is sorely absent from this
picture.  Types and stereotypes are all we get (and a lot of hammy
acting -
Billy Zane stick to "Tales from the Crypt: Demon Night", please; your
over-the-top posturing was perfect in that, not so in this).  Prior to its
release there were rumours that "Titanic" was going to be a turkey.
Doesn't
anyone see those rumours were proved correct?  If you want a real filmic
account of the sinking of the Titanic, full of real characters, real
intelligence and real feeling (and made with a tiny fraction of the budget
of Cameron's bloated epic), just watch "A Night to Remember" (1958).  Of
course you won't have that hilarious scene where the kissing kids distract
the night watchman from the iceberg, but you might see a more authentic
account and a truly memorable movie.
			

This movie was too long and drawn out. It was unrealistic with bad acting
on
Leonardo DiCaprio's and Kate Winslet's part.  I also found the dialog
cheesy
"I'm the king of the world?"
it was exceedingly hard to sit through let alone take seriously and as a
result I'm forced to give it a 1
			

I just cried and cried and cried and cried. It was so romantic and moving.
Yes. And that lovely, lovely, lovely theme music. It is Mozartian. Every
time I hear it in a lift, or in a bar, it makes me weep. My life will
never
be the same.James Cameron, you are the Shakespeare of the cinema.

			

Anyone that says this "movie" is of any use to human existence is a
consumer
who has been brainwashed into conformity and an ethic of non-resistance
and
docility. When James Cameron self-proclaimed himself as the king of
cinema,
he effectively tied the noose around his neck. When people look upon this
movie in ten years or so, they will realize with shame and embarrassment
what complete fools the general public were to ever think this movie was
anything besides big money.Some of the numerous bad points about this movie are as follows: special
effects - made me think I was watching a computer game, therefore, not
good
(for a movie); acting - laughable, DiCaprio shows what a whining brat he
can
be; script - melodrama over a subject hardly reinvented, love between the
lowly squire and rich princess?; directing - nothing extraordinary,
actually, nothing UNordinary.But I suppose the masses have the final say with their wallets. I just
hope
we aren't fooling ourselves to ever think to immortalize Cameron's titanic
waste with the likes of the epic "Citizen Kane." There is a difference
between a "movie" that sells and a "film" that inspires.
			

The special affects were awesome! The acting and script were a disgrace.
Sort of a juvenile Stalinist propoganda piece. Watch "A Night To
Remember",1958, to see a GREAT movie about the Titanic, a movie suitable
for
those older than age twelve.  
			

The craze was out. Everyone was talking about it. Girls swamped the
theaters
to see it 7,8,9,10 times. "Best movie ever" they said to I finally rented
it. I have to say that I found it sadly lacking. It was a historically
inaccurate movie about a girl that cheats on her fiancee. I find it
sickening that the American people find such great pleasure in a movie
like
this. There was no action at all in the first 2 or so hours of the film;
Leonardo stood around and looked cute and Kate stood around and tried to
look cuter. The "evil" character in this movie was completely one
dimensional showing us no other qualities of himself except that of some
ogre which makes you wonder why Kates character ever got engaged to him
anyway. When her romance with Leonardo began she never before, during, or
after suggested to the Ogre that they should "just be friends" she decided
just to skip that and start steaming up some windows. And why did people
see
it so many times? Did they expect the ending to change after the eleventh
viewing? Were they hoping to see the boat not sink? I think it could have
been a wonderful movie if they had based it more on fact such as
"Gettysburg" or "Braveheart". The true story of the Titanic is filled with
action and sorrow and loss enough that they didn't need to ruin it with a
revolting play of a Cheater, an Ogre, and a Pretty Boy that brought
excitment to an otherwise boring and uneventful voyage.
			

There are movies that you don't care for the first time you see them, but
when you think back it grows on you. So you see it again, and realize that
it is, in fact, a great film.
Then there is this overrated piece of drek. Now, I will admit it was
beautifully filmed. But it was so overblown, so drawn out, that the more I
think of it the more I hated it. It was unrealistic to the point of just
being impossible for me to enjoy. The characters- with the exception of
Jack, Molly Brown, and Thomas Andrews- were impossible for me to like, and
therefore, care about. I know that Rose was supposed to be the heroine,
but
she was just a spoiled little rich girl. It's a
shame this tripe won an Oscar for best picture.
			

Cameron's alleged masterpiece has two things going for it: amazing digital
effects and the fact that the vessel broke in half.Dozens of excellent real-life stories are abandoned for an an insipid love
story.See the excellent "A Night To Remember" instead.0 of 4 Niro~Stars
			

Hand it to Cameron for making a film full of historical inaccuracy that
would appeal to the largest of American audiences. Now future
generations will always believe that Picasso painted cubist works in 1914,
and that turn-of-the-century folk commonly said "s**t" and flipped the bird.
Sure, it's visually appealing, but the script reads like it was written on
the back of cocktail napkins. I haven't seen such idiotic tripe since
"Braveheart". My thanks to the garbage people of America for making a
success of this 200 million dollar film concerned with 'class struggle'. The
liberal filmmakers are laughing all the way to the bank.
			

This review was made by my daughter Dana (York Univ., Toronto, Canada).Titanic:  A Double TragedyI had initially refused to see Titanic on general principle, not wanting to
participate in this blatant celebration of Hollywood's most devoted suckers.
However, out of sheer boredom perhaps, I finally consented to the pleas of
my friends and paid the eight Dollars to attend. Little did I know that what
awaited me in that darkened room was worse than anything I could ever
imagine.
In case you've been asleep for 2 years, Titanic, directed by James Cameron,
mildly resembles a love story that supposedly took place upon that ill-fated
oceanliner, the Titanic. The premise for the film is typical. Guy meets
Girl. Girl is from higher social class and will not succumb to Guy's
advances. Finally, after much personal anguish and deep thought, she gives
in to the overwhelming emotion, and together they fight the oppressive
opinions of the people around them. It is by no means an original story
line. We have all seen this numerous times before with alternate
settings.
What actually happens in Titanic's three agonizing hours, against the
backdrop of that historical tragedy, is the most ridiculous waste of money I
have ever been victim to. The characters in the story were, in a word,
ridiculous. I sat back watching in disbelief as the one-dimensional
personalities produced tears in my fellow viewers. Leonardo DiCaprio, that
pre-pubescent heartthrob of seventh graders everywhere, took on the role of
the Good Guy. Similarly, there were others to fit the roles of Good Girl,
and of course, Bad Guy, all of whom overacted to an embarrassing extent.
With the aid of the outrageously simple dialogue, the "star" cast acted not
unlike an elementary school drama ensemble.
I sat through this film in a constant state of pain as the film gradually
deteriorated. "It has to get better," I thought to myself, dodging the wet
tissues that were being passed through the audience. Titanic, unfortunately,
did not get better. Despite the film's numerous attempts at evoking emotion,
Mr. DiCaprio's nauseating performance and Ms. Winslet's complete lack of
talent were the only things that managed to raise goosebumps on my
arms.
Riding the bus on the way home, I again tried to find any salvation for the
film. I temporarily consoled myself with thoughts of the technical aspects.
The special effects involving the sinking of the ship were mildly amusing.
However, that too was quickly obliterated when I realized that most of the
effects had been created using miniatures and an over-sized
bathtub.
I continue to hear people rant and rave about how great Titanic was, only
confirming my suspicion that the majority of the North American population
are, like the film's heroes, shallow and easily amused. Furthermore, I was
sickened as I recalled the numerous Oscars that were handed out to the man
responsible for this disaster, Mr. James Cameron. Many are convinced that he
is a wonderful human being. After all, he refused to accept a salary for his
work. I believe that he did this out of shame rather than personal
sacrifice. Naturally, the fame and recognition he received as a result of
this film makes all his future endeavors instant hits. I cringe at the
thought.
Everyone behind the release of Titanic should retire immediately as it is
an insult to the art of filmmaking and to filmgoers throughout the world.
Titanic, its cast, and the billions of Dollars wasted on its production need
to be studied very carefully. Scholars everywhere need to forever use it as
an example of how to make a film void of interest, originality, and
self-respect.

			

I am sorry, but I believe that this film was way over rated. It was too long
, and really put myself to sleep. To really put it simple- the boat sank,
get over it. :) 
			
This film is utter crap. Praise the lord the boat sunk so the movie
could end! RMS Titanic was a passenger liner that sank in the North
Atlantic Ocean on 15 April 1912 after colliding with an iceberg during
her maiden voyage from Southampton, UK to New York City, US. The
sinking of Titanic caused the deaths of 1,514 people in one of the
deadliest peacetime maritime disasters in history. She was the largest
ship afloat at the time of her maiden voyage. One of three Olympic
class ocean liners operated by the White Star Line, she was built
between 190911 by the Harland and Wolff shipyard in Belfast. She
carried 2,223 people.
			
The acting and the screenplay were horrible, and DiCaprio sucked so
badly!! Dang, my brain hurts just thinking about how much this really
really really sucked! It's the worst movie i've ever seen, except for
Batman begins, that is! Oohhh god this really really sucked, and I
hated this so much, I saw it one time, and then i got it as a gift on
DVD. Well guess what, I burned the DVD. Jesus, this is definitely the
worst movie ever to disgrace the freaking planet. I wish the entire
Titanic crew had blown up in some fuel explosion accident. DiCaprio
should be DiCapitated. Also, the romance was so stiff and the dialogue
was so horrid, that I cringe just thinking of a single line. Why
doesn't everyone who worked on this film get lined up and shot? I mean
seriously, how can someone make a movie this bad!?
			

If I had the power to wipe one movie off the plane of existence, it would
be
none other than Titanic.  Never in the history of film has an important
event in history been so trivialized in favor of an ignorant concept of
history and social class, a sophomorish love story, and a script that my
6-year-old cousin could've written in his sleep.The characters:  One-dimensional, simple, and cliche.  Jack (Leonardo
DiCaprio) is the poor boy with a heart of gold.  Rose (Kate Winslet) is
the
spoiled, rich girl turned rebellious whore.  Cal (Billy Zane) is the rich
fiance whose evil demeanor would make Emperor Palpatine blush.  Rose's
family is a bunch of spoiled and shallow figures.  These fictional
characters are absolutely thoughtless in their creation and presentation,
the recycling of so many tired cliches and representing Cameron's stunted
view of social class.The other passengers who should matter:  Completely trivialized and
reduced
to token roles.The script:  As I said, my 6-year-old cousin could've written the script
in
his sleep.  The script is absolutely devoid of any intelligence or proper
emotional impact.  The dialogue is among the most hackneyed of its time;
so
many bad lines exist to make me cringe.The plot:  The same tired cliche.  Poor but pure boy meets spoiled, rich
damsel-in-distress, at the dismay of spoiled, rich girl's family and evil
rich fiance.  This cliche has been recycled to a dull point in so many
books, movies, and even video games.  Moreover, it's been done not only
more
effectively, but more tastefully and believably.  If you're going to push
the disaster into the backdrop, at least give us a story more compelling
than "Boy meets girl, boy teaches girl to fly and spit, boy screws girl,
boy
dies, girl's 'heart will go on'".  The love (or is it lust?) story is
unrealistic and unbelievable, not to mention completely tacky.  To have a
story of this nature pushed to the fore of a historical backdrop of a true
tragedy is insulting.The music:  Repetitive.  And the existence of "My Heart Will Go On" alone
is
enough to plunge my opinion of this soundtrack to rock-bottom.  It
glorifies
a lusty affair, which is all the Jack and Rose relationship was.  The love
story was unbelievable, and the existence of this song only reminds me
even
more of that point.For the record:  I don't even want to hear of any accusations that I hate
this movie because of Leonardo DiCaprio.  He's a good actor, he has done
good work in the past (What's Eating Gilbert Grape?, Romeo + Juliet), and
he
looks to be impressive for Scorcese's upcoming Gangs of New York.  The
shoddy script is what sunk DiCaprio, and the entire major cast, in this
movie.The aftermath:  A new genre, pseudohistorical pseudotragic teen romance.
Leaving room for other terrible movies to be made, most notably Jerry
Bruckheimer's and Michael Bay's Pearl Harbor, which commits to an even
greater extent the vices of Titanic and even more of its own vices.  But
if
it weren't for Titanic, that movie wouldn't exist...Titanic's impact on the world of film cannot be understated.  It forever
tarnished the world of film with the creation of its own inane genre.  It
forever tainted the tastes of many people who actually think that this is
a
work of art.  This movie deserved none of its honors, and deserves no
praise.Score: 1/10
			

By now everyone has seen this film, so there's no need to give details.
You've heard all the pre-teen girls and middle-aged housewives rave about
it. Now, here are thoughts on this film from a male. I don't have a vendetta
against this film. Except being dragged to it twice and being forced to see
it again on video. Oh, the humanity. OK, maybe I do have a small
vendetta.Titanic is visually impressive. SFX are impressive as well. It's really sort
of neat to see the whole incident re-created on film. As for the story, Titanic is at the same time a self-important and
impossibly simplistic film. Characterization in Titanic seems to be done
with a very large club; the dialogue in the same fashion. Don't expect any
subtleties here. What you hear from the characters is exactly what is going
on. It's pretty much a paint-by-number love/tragedy, and unless you're
especially sappy, the dialogue is likely to range from flat and predictable
to downright appalling. It reminded me of watching a couple at a junior high
dance call each other "pooky" or something.The old woman at the start and finish of the film is a bunch of boring
nonsense. Why waste the viewers' time seeing the heroine as an elderly
invalid? No one came to the theatre to see that. They could have at least
made her accent match Winslet's.You know the drill, the princess falls in love with the pauper. I'm not
totally opposed to the romance picture if it's done well, but this one
simply is not. They call each other by name in every sentence. Very
annoying. A romance film is only as good as the dialogue and the scenes
where you see it all come together. Sorry, but teaching a girl to spit
before having her pose nude for pictures isn't really my idea of
romance.It's also very clear what Cameron wants you to think. Except for Jack and
Rose, every poor person has a heart of gold, and every rich person on the
boat is evil and deserves to be, well, drowned like a rat. The passengers
are stereotyped so badly the "rich people being snobs" scenes will likely
leave you rolling your eyes. OK, they are bad rich people, and poor people
are basically good. We GET it already.I find it puzzling that so much time was obviously spent on the effects,
(which were, to be fair, excellent) and yet we get such a basic script that
this basically becomes a thinly-disguised, well-targeted effects movie.
Effects are great, but can't salvage a poor, eccentric script and
below-average performances from its actors.Not much was made about the length of this picture, but I found it to be
excruciating. It boggles the mind how Cameron could write the most
simplistic script ever, and stretch it out to be so long that you start
hoping the !@* damn !@(&$& boat would just sink already!Ahem.Cameron is great - at directing a visual picture. But don't expect him to
write a masterpiece. Effects are great, but this film is far, far too long
for a script with all the complexity of a coloring book. Visually stunning,
Titanic is; no doubt about that. But when it comes to substance, Titanic is
all wet.
			

One of the worst movies ever made yet one of the largst budget ones. A
cheesy love story, no effects worth mentioning except for one where the
boat
sinks. There is one surprise in the movie - the boat sinks. Could anyone
have guessed it? Awful soundtrack. There is absolutely no need to see it.

			

OK I was forced. I should not have submitted and realised the messenger
spoke with forked tounge. Expletives of animal toilet habits will not
suffice. James Cameron if you read this, please be aware that THIS is
junk.
Aliens 2 was great but this takes the cake in sick inducing nonsense. In a
historical retelling even U571 pulled it off better and they brazenly
lied.
Nope sorry if Ihad a choice between watching this again and malaria the
malaria will win hands down. Billy Zane HOW COULD YOU!
			

Aside from being widely historically inaccurate (the whole "Are there enough
lifeboats?" thing--nobody asked that question on that ship, numerous other
flukes), the film was horribly written and badly acted. Depended too heavily
on Leonardo DeCaprio's brief rise to superstardom among 13 year old girls
(whatever happened to that guy?). But it won a buccoo amount of Oscars, and
this is just my opinion. But still, the sheer naive sense of it detracts
from the entire film.
--Bud Sturguess, Texas
			

Oh my god, what an horrible movie. Leonardo Decaprio is simply execrable in
this flick, well in every movie to tell you the truth. Words cannot
describe
how the Oscars can give so much publicity to such a mediocre movie that is
Titanic. The only good thing about this movie is when the beautiful Kate
Winslet is undressing. That's it, this is why I rate this movie so low. Try
to avoid and watch a good Andy Sidaris movie instead.mediocre no stars out of four
			

What's there in this movie... to make it deserve 11 oscars
???I mean... it has grand sets, great soundtrack... so those awards r ok...
but
then 11 oscars... ??

			

the most overblown, pathetically schmaltzy waste of money to come out of
hollywood. kate winslet was tolerable but she has done better so many
times.
billy zane was unconvincing as the baddie (it takes more than a raised
eyebrow to convey malice, bill). speaking of bills, bill paxton....i just
can't think of any suitable adjectives for his role. but all the ones i
can't think of are not compliments, ok? kathy bates is likeable but
overacted as molly brown and not as much fun as debbie reynold's 1964
version. de caprio should have been de-capitated. i loved him in basketball
diaries and baz luhrmann's romeo+juliet, but i could not take him seriously
as an impoverished artist and it was all i could do not to stand up and
scream "push that damned fringe out of your eyes!"too much money, an egomaniac directing and a story-by-numbers (poor boy
meets rich girl about to marry rich thug followed by disaster that tests
everyone's humanity - followed by audience throwing up) shows just how
awful
hollywood can be when it tries. i wanted them all to drown. sorry if i
sound
like sourpuss but i hated this film like i have never hated
another.the only thing worse was james cameron getting an oscar for this drivel,
having the audacity to call for a minutes silence for those who drowned
(after he made millions out of them) and then hooting "king of the
world!"
			
...ruined what could have been a very good film.  Every time we
are drawn
into the mood we are forced out with a ridiculous statement from one of the
characters.  The best such example is when Jack and Rose are together
reaching to hold on to the railing in what could have been a beautiful,
symbolic moment, but no, Rose says "this is where we first met" in a cheesy
little voice.  Moment gone - killed by stating the obvious.
			

This movie might well be the most over-rated film of all time.  It had a
few
good points -- foremost among which was the cinematography -- but these
were
overshadowed by the shortcomings of the movie and the ludicrous hype that
surrounded it.  The film is full of stock characters, with the
stereotypical
and cliched Jack and Rose being the most prominent examples.  The entire
movie was as predictable as the boat sinking at the end.  The dialogue is
sub-par, to say the least.  The movie drags on and on forever.  The scenes
in the present, for example, were totally superfluous.  I remember
watching
the boat leave dock and staring at my watch, not believing that I'd only
been there for half an hour.  And then the movie, like the boat, just kept
going.  After the ship hits the iceberg, the movie improves -- it doesn't
have time to waste, so it can't waste it.  Even here, though, there were
just a few too many last-minute rescues for my taste.
This movie tries to attain the epic quality of "Gone with the Wind," but
it
simply can't do it.  It has very little substance, and lacks the art of
that
film -- an actual classic.  If "Gone with the Wind" is a bit soap-operatic
-- a fair criticism, I think -- then sitting through "Titanic" is like
sitting through all 20 years of "As the World Turns" in one sitting.  It
is
not an epic, it is simply long -- too long, and pretentious.  This is the
ultimate Hollywood movie in that it has so little too offer, and yet
somehow
it cleaned up at the Oscars, wins all kinds of undue praise, and heap
money
on it until it becomes the highest-grossing movie ever.  I hope that,
box-office records aside, this movie does not remain famous, or keep this
silly reputation of being a classic.  It does not have the quality of any
of
the great films it is often compared to.  It is big-budget
fluff.
One final point: on the voting scale, I gave this movie a "1."  And I will
be honest: it is not quite that bad.  It could be "2" or even "3"
material.
But the way some people talk about this movie absolutely drives me crazy.
It
is not a great love story, it simply imitates a lot of other ones.  It is
a
product.  It is a huge studio production without very much heart or brains
behind it.  I find it very sad the way this movie (and its male star, who
at
this very moment is trying to trademark his name) have been made into such
golden calves.  "Titanic" exemplifies the era of big-budget fluff that
present-day movie-fans have to deal with.  Once people stop buying into
movies like this, actual quality may return to film.  I only hope that
that
day comes soon.
			

Oh, I do have to bow my head to "Titanic".But not to Cameron for creating a visual feast. Not to the actors for such
inspiring, and creative characterisation (sic), but instead, I bow my head
to mourn for the loss of respect for the millions of people who returned
to
see this twaddle more than once.A nauseatingly dreadful, utterly manipulative, saccharine dusted gob of
tedious pap.Doubtless it will be hailed as the greatest film ever by those who think
"Aliens" is better than "Alien", and who think that film history started
with "Jaws".
			

Titanic wasn't one of the worst movies I have seen; the idea is pretty
good
and the special effects are extraordinary. But the script! Man, how many
cliches can you fit in one movie! Example:
dialogue as follows:
Rose: You have a gift Jack, you see people.
Jack: I see youYuck!!Want more?Jack: do you love him?
Rose: You shouldn't be asking me this!
Jack: It's a simple question, do you love him or not.I'm sorry you Titanic fans out there, but the movie didnt move or touch me
at all. I rather preferred "Jerry Maguire" as a romantic movie or "pretty
woman". Also the casting wasn't good. Di Caprio and his hair, as well as
speech irritated me, and I think Winslet, although she is a gifted
actress,
is too ugly for the role. A wasted chance for a good movie.
			

Looking at other viewers' comments, I see someone called this "the greatest
motion picture of all time". . . in capitals, no less.  Although I wish I
had Rose's wardrobe hanging in my closet, and I thought the detail was
exquisite, I have to firmly disagree.  The script of this film is one of the
dullest, sappiest, and most uninspired I have seen. While Kate Winslet and
Leonardo DiCaprio are both talented thespians, these cardboard characters
leave them few options.  The patter between Jack and Rose ("Do you trust
me?" "I trust you!" "You have to trust me, Rose!" etc.) and the melodrama
made the length of the film unbearable.  I have
heard this film referred to as "epic."  If you want to see  a real epic,
rent Lawrence of Arabia instead.  It knocks the socks off of Titanic--real
acting, believeable gunplay, taught emotionalism and a powerhouse
performance by the incomparable Peter O'Toole.
			

After watching Titanic, I'd be willing to bet that most of you could take 
$250 million and make a better picture.  James Cameron is a 
talentless director who made Titanic only as a pathetic ploy to garner
attention and win an Oscar.  His immaturity shows not only by his vicious
insults towards Kate Winslet, who's a terrible actress anyway, but also in
his sub-literate script.  The movie sort of works like a coloring book,
except that it wasn't that inventive -- I found it more like a color-by
-number foray into film making.  This rancid piece of garbage plays out like
a low-rent made for TV movie.Titanic represents the triumph of money and bad writing, something that
everyone in Hollywood should abhore.  Oh, and it won 11 Oscars for ONE
reason: it was made by two of the larget studios in Hollywood and all the
employees voted out of loyalty.  I've never seen anything so formulaic in
my life.If you want a quality picture from the modern day, watch L.A. Confidential. 
If you want something that will touch you emotionally, watch Saving Private
Ryan.
			
This is possibly, one of the WORST films ever created. They ruin a
tragic moment in history by making a tragic movie. The movie focuses
way to much on a cheesy love story that is extremely pointless, I mean,
if the dude dies, why the flip would they make a freaking 3 hour movie
about making sexual pictures and extremely slow story, and then... he
drowns after she says, "I'll never let go, Jack, so here, I'll just let
your body go into the cold depths," DOES THAT REALLY FREAKING MAKE
SINCE AT ALL?! The only good part in the movie was when he died, I was
so happy because he wouldn't shut up. And right now, my cousin is
trying to murder me with an iPod cord while Im badly commenting her all
time favorite movie. I think if I was this age right now and I saw it
in theaters, I would laugh because of the extreme slowness. But I did
like the visual effects, they were pretty good, the special effects
weren't that good though. Even though I could go on for days watching
that dude who falls off the ship and smacks that fan and laugh a lot
until it hurts. But, as I say in my title.I tS u c k s . . .'nough said.
			
I watched Titanic when they had a screening of it at our school. It was
the worst experience of my life (not just the worst movie experience),
and I live in a country with a war on and economic strife, and double
digit inflation. I have sat through tough examinations, have undergone
painful surgery and been robbed at gunpoint, but this is still my worst
experience ever.(Ok, the gunpoint thing is a bit exaggerated. I was held at gunpoint,
not robbed) I personally think that Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio
are two of the most talented actors of their generation, and I wish
them all the very best of luck for the rest of their acting careers
(they don't need it, they are good) The plot of this particular movie
does not amount to more than pulp fiction (Not the 1994 movie, the
genre of fiction). It could have been written by a starry eyed
teen-aged girl with no real measure of what love really means. (I have
nothing against teenagers. I have against this story) Any more comments
would just make me a bit more tired.
			

I don't know quite how to describe this film. When it was in release
everyone was calling it an instant classic, but now it seems everyone hates
it. People, make up one opinion and stick with it. But I say this film is
and always was terrible. The most horrid was of 194 minutes in my entire
life. The story of the Titanic, first off, is not very interesting to watch
for three odd hours. And the artificial love story does not help down this
horse pill of a movie. The music is the only thing that I enjoyed, but even
that wore out its welcome near the last hour of the film. Cameron should've
sunk this film before it came out and robbed people of 1.8 billion
hard-earned dollars. I'm sorry to myself for seeing this film because
everyone else was, and I'm sorry to everyone else who saw this embracement
for this reason. It is not the fan of film, just the fan of stupid dialogue
and great big ships sinking with bad graphics and all. Now give the Phantom
Menace a break, will ya, and say something about this shipwreck!.5/10 (I can't bring myself to give a movie the same rating I gave to the
1998 version of Psycho, otherwise, I would be most inclined to slap a goose
egg on this one.)
			

This movie, which is mediocre at best, has been called a "modern classic" by
many. If there wasn't such a media following to this so-so movie, I might've
actually enjoyed it. But, however, my expectations were high and the movie
simply did not deliver. Not worth wasting 3 1/2 hours of your life
on.
			
This film had good effects for a movie created in 1997. This is the
only reason why it is worth watching. Once again, Hollywood does its
best at taking a terrible tragedy and turning it around to be a love
story. You either liked this movie for its effects and love story or
you hated because of its depiction. Fist Titanic, then pearl harbor.
Next, it will be on 9/11. I would like to see how America responds to a
9/11 love story. Trust me, they will do it within a few years. If you
are deep into the events of titanic, it would probably be a good movie
to watch. other than that, keep walking down the movie shelves.later.
			
This movie is proof that everything Loyd Kaufman said about Major
Studios is right. They force their crap down our throats, remove the
art from film-making, and award budgets and names instead of ingenuity
and talent.This movie is bad from beginning to end. It's not just that I hate
movies that are hyped, this movie is just hard to watch. I want
romance, not people saying I love you over and over again. And I want a
real couple, not a couple of star crossed lovers pulled out of the
average crappy teen drama. And I want, maybe this is too much, to feel
for the people who died on the Titanic, not cheer when the ship finally
goes down.The special effects were phenomenal. But that does not make the movie
great. I never liked the characters. Rich girl and poor artist. So? Why
am I supposed to like them? Because they belong together even though
they come from different worlds? Give me more then that. Neither of the
characters was anything more then an empty shell of a being. Kate
Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio tried their best but could not pump life
into the characters.Many films came out that year. Many great ones. This wins the Oscar
why? Do people like movies that are driven only by a tragedy that means
nothing because we care nothing about the people? We have a real story.
One of the most famous disasters of the 21st Century, the struggle of
the people on the ship, and those trying to save them. The people who
survived, those who met their demise. We don't need a love story that
is completely without love.
			
The first time I commented on this movie, I gave it a really harsh
review. Since then, nothing has changed, but I'm going easier this
time.Two titles come to mind when reviewing it: "Natural Born Killers" (NBK)
and "Gone with The Wind" (GwTW). Till "Titanic", the worst and the
second worst movies I've ever seen. NBK is by far the worst. It has an
excellent director, a good writer, good to very good actors and, even
so, it managed to be completely empty, with some spectacular sequences
gone completely to waste in meaningless situations (like the wonderful
gray-scale prison sequence). GwTW is another meaningless work, but it
never had any chance, with terrible speeches, a director that didn't
know what he was doing and a story that would have thrown it into
oblivion if it was not settle in the American civil war (it has some
"historical value", or so I was told).Back to "Titanic", the first obvious problem is the plot. At one side,
there is this young lady, about to get married to a rich man, an
educated pig, but still a pig. On the other side, there is that young
man, handsome, good-hearted and a gifted artist. The only problem is
that the young artist is poor, but, mind you, the lady is rich already!
It was absolutely impossible for her to not fall in love with the
artist. The only conflict possible is the jealousy of the rich man
against the poor artist. Predictable, to say the least. Then, when
everybody have fallen for the new happy couple, the ship sinks. I'm
absolutely sure that people wouldn't have cried so much if everybody
had died. The whole story is extremely predictable. Worse, it is made
predictable.How did "Titanic" take the second place from GwTW? Well, it took a lot
of cash to do that... Cameron wanted a real sized ship to be able to
effectively send it to the bottom. Fine, it's not my money. Then we see
the result on the big screen, and now it is our money! Since "Indiana
Jones 3", I hadn't seen such a lousy chroma-key. When you see the
passengers falling into the sea, it looks like they were filmed against
a projection, like in the original "King Solomon's Mines" movie. That
alone, I wouldn't have minded so much. Then you watch Cameron
commenting on the box-office success of "Titanic" and his claim that it
was due to his attention to details... Even if that statement was true,
there is one more problem: the big things are all wrong, why care about
the details?It was not easy to put the about four hours "Gone with The Wind" on
third place, but Cameron made it possible in about three hours. He has
a talent for blockbusters, it's too bad he cannot also make them good
movies.
			

I hated this film it didn't have one single exciting part. The thing that
made this movie so lame is that weather you are 100 or 1 you knew exactly
what was going to happen and those are the boring kind of
movies.
			

I watched this movie with my father on video. When Jack started commenting
on the dolphins, he left, saying: "If this is the quality of dialogue, I'm
going." That about sums it up, really. It was a good idea, and a terrible
delivery. In want of severe editing, better writing, and more convincing
actors, Titanic was probably the most disappointing movie I've ever seen.
With a well-respected cast, (Kate Winslet, Billy Zane, and Kathy Bates, to
name a few) 14 Oscar nominations, and 11 wins, I was expecting a beautiful
tale of star-crossed lovers and ill-fated voyages. And it could have been
that. But unnecessary scenes, uninteresting dialogue, and wooden
performances hindered what could have been an amazing movie.
			

Watching this movie disturbed me for a number of reasons. I wasn't going in
expecting Terminator 3, but I was expecting an intelligent epic romance.
Instead It seemed like I was sitting in a seat that was reserved for a 14
year old girl, and I felt very out of my element...and sleepy...very
sleepy.Secondly I was disturbed by the casting, Dicaprio & Winslet seemed a very
unlikely and awkward match. Dicaprio seemed much younger and
much......smaller than grown-up sized Winslet. The romance was weak,
cheezy,
over dramatic, and poorly justified.But like I mentioned, there is a special effects pay off at the end. For
the
guys.
			

this movie is awful. its only good because leo dies and the special effects
are decent but just because it did really well at the box office because 100
teenage girls saw it 10,000 times, so i have to say it was horrible. the
story was awful and i just wanted to see the effects, they didnt need to
waste the first video on their "love" over the course of a month... what
garbage
			

Generally I'm very much agnostic when it comes to heaven and hell, the
afterlife, what you do in this lifetime decides what your afterlife will be
like. This film just about changed my mind.You see.... what scares me is that IF there is indeed a heaven and hell then
at this time in my life I'm not quite sure which one I'll be going
to....That doesn't sound so scary you say. Let me elaborate..I believe that
if there is indeed a hell, then for me it would consist of watching an
endless loop of a grown woman standing on the bow of a ship proclaiming "I
can fly!" and a big thank you from myself goes out to the makers of this
film for providing just the source of that punishment for me when I do
eventually end up in the afterlife.Ahhh thats off my chest now. So what can I say about Titanic?James Cameron. I am actually  what you'd call a fan of his work. Terminator,
Aliens, Strange Days, The Abyss. Much of the work he has had a hand in I
rate as some of my favourite movies ever. So what possessed him to do
this?????Kate Winslet and Billy Zane. These are two of my favoured actors..What
possessed them to do this??? If you want to see Kate Winslet in a GOOD film
try to find "Heavenly Creatures" which is indeed an excellent film. Likewise
for Billy Zane get a hold of "Dead Calm".In essence this film is 2 + hours of cliched, Low IQ, utterly awful, Mills &
Boon romance that is so sugarcoated it's likely to send any diabetic person
watching it into a fit. The ONLY saving grace of this film is the final hour
after the Titanic has struck the iceberg and then proceeds to sink which is
when we are treated to the James Cameron we know and love. It's just a damn
shame that to get to this part I had to sit through 2 hours+ of a film that
made my eyes bleed.The sheer amount of money this film has made at the box office as well as
the quite high rating it receives here on IMDB is truly a testament to the
old adage that there's no accounting for (bad) taste.OverallThe prospect of hammering rusty nails through my manhood is infinitely more
appealing than that of watching the first 2 hours of this film ever
again.3 stars out of 10 (solely for the last hour but having to sit through the
first 2 hours of this atrocity to get to this stage is simply
unforgiveable).
			

If you are thinking of watching this film, i have a suggestion.Take a spoon
and gauge out your eyes then get a fork and stab into your
brain.
One of the WORST films ever made.Only Hobgoblins,Troll and Death wish 4 are
worse.Utter S*&T
			

One of only 2 movies I've ever walked out of! Have attempted to watch on 3
separate occassions, and can only find 3 redeeming qualities: 1 - Kathy
Bates' portrayal of 'Molly' Brown, 2 - Incredible soundtrack, and 3 - quite
good cinematography. In every other respect this film is an absolute dog.

			

after hearing all the praise Titanic got from loads of people i knew i was
expecting a half decent film, instead i got bad acting, unbelievable
characters and a story which made no sense (i will come back to
this).
I couldn't belive how fake kate and leo were, they were rubbish. I spent
half the film laughing at the awful script "i'm on top of the world" was
perhaps the funniest line.
The story itself was the strangest thing about the film, we are apparently
being told the film through rose's eyes, yep, but half the time we are
seeing things that rose didn't see herself.?.
My skin crawls every time some teenager states this as their all time
favourite film. 
			
Typical battle-of-the-classes pseudo-romance drivel. An amateurish
script that trivializes the deaths of hundreds of {what
become}impersonal nobodies, to focus instead on the dramatics and
pitfalls of young "love."It's like a bad soap opera; I'm rich, and you're poor...Society will
never approve...blah,blah,blah,yawn. Daytime TV, anyone?The attraction isn't believable, the chemistry is less than zero, the
nude scene is gratuitously cheesy, but the fogged-up windows are clich
beyond belief.Characters are barely two-dimensional. She's rich, and
personality-free. Not wanting to marry Billy Zane - that pretty much
sums up her whole persona. Jack- He's poor, but an artist {plot-wise,
this gives a perfect excuse to throw in a nude scene. You know, for
artistic reasons}.Special effects- yeah. Enough's enough though. Do you need to see
cabins flooding for 20 minutes? Not really. A more imaginative director
wouldn't bombard you with such literal tediousness.This movie fails on every possible level.
			

Hollywood... One of the only places I know that can turn a tragedy into a
full fledged-love story. The common cliche, "love will prevail through
tragedy" is used way too eminently in movies today. This common cliche
conveys a counterfeit feeling of what a tragedy really is. I don't mind
the
idea of a love story, but trying to create a 3+ hour romantic film about
love on one of the most tragic events in history is a little excessive. It
shields your eyes to the real tragedy(No... I don't mean the movie itself,
even though this could fit into it). The movie was interesting and
historically correct, 'for the most part', and the acting was pretty good.
A
few minor entities such as Rose floating on an "empty chest" at the end of
the movie, were also a little capricious.If you want to see a movie that conveys all types of genres and typical
cliches prodigiously and far beyond compare, The Lord of the Rings trilogy
does this well. The C.G.I. is used a lot better in this movie. The basic
idea is "good vs. evil", but if you watch this and actually get into it
you
can aprehend that there is a lot more to it than that. The movies are
about
as long, but they keep you entertained and yearning for more. You want to
know what happens. Titanic lacks this sense of sentimentality and I lost
interest fast. I usually don't fall asleep through movies but I found
myself
drifting at parts. What is the point of a movie if it cannot keep your
short
attention span occupied. This movie 'might' have been better if a few
parts
were shut-out or shortened. (5.5/10)
			

Titanic (1997) appears to be one of those movies that you can either love
or
hate.  Personally, I'm in the latter crowd.  But I have my
reasons.There's no doubt that James Cameron spared no expense with sets, models
and
the like.  Unfortunately, it was ruined by the two "stars" (Winslet and
DiCaprio) and their Forbidden Romance.  First of all, it's just plain not
realistic.  My family worked on White Star Liners (and later Cunard) for
years, on both sides of 1912, and the romance just plain wouldn't have
happened.  Nor would it have been allowed to continue.  And they certainly
wouldn't have allowed DiCaprio to get on the ship.Whether you like the romance, the emotion, the love, whatever, this is
basically another example of Hollywood exploiting a tragedy to make a
glitzy, sugary, appeals-to-the-masses movie out of it.   This could have
been an excellent remake of A Night To Remember (1958) (not that it needed
remaking) what with all the great sets and special effects, but instead
the
failed.  It's just like what they did with Pearl Harbor (2001), which was
poor version of Tora Tora Tora (1970).  I think Hollywood has learned
their
lesson by now.  But if you want cheesy, not terribly believeable romance
set
against the backdrop of some of our century's worst tragedies, go see
Titanic (1997) and Pearl Harbor (2001).  If you want to see well-executed
movies about these tragic events, see Night To Remember, A (1958) and
Tora!
Tora! Tora! (1970)
			

How on Earth did James Cameron sign on to make this! Fortunately at least
1/3 of the film is spent on a not-so-bad sinking scene...but still that's
no
excuse for a twisted overrated love affair that desperately wants to be
Gone
With The Wind or Spartacus but falls victim to its plain stupidity. No one
talks about this movie nowadays or even whimpers at the soundtrack anymore
which REALLY ticks me off because these are the same people who saw this
film 178 times. Hollywood should stick with budget-busting action films
like
Die Hard that have stayed popular for nearly two decades.
			

The movie was impressive the first time I saw it. Now, the luster is gone
from this, ahem, "best movie of all time." This movie is just another
computer generated image with people, who aren't even very good actors,
stuck in to give it life. It's no different than Cameron's "T2". It also
loses much of its effect when it's not in the theater. It is now only a
more than three hour (yawn) movie that could have been squeezed in under two
and a half. 
			
Come on people, just admit the movie sucked, you know you want to. Come
on...just do it...There, doesn't that feel good. The first step to your
recovery from watching this terrible film is to stop denying that it
was a bad film. Now that we are done there, I can get to what was wrong
with this pile of cinematic puke. The acting was bad, the dialog was
bad, the plot was bad, the special effects were bad. So I ask you, what
did James Cameron do right. His "Amazing" special effects were trumped
by movies that came out ten years before hand. Come on, how good can a
movie be when your headline actor is Leonardo DiCaprio? Honestly, just
tell me what this guy did right. Here comes the spoiler that will save
you rental money, and about three hours of agony, THE BOAT SINKS. IT
HITS AN ICEBURG, AND IT SINKS. okay, now you don't need to waste your
time on this pile of garbage. How can a movie this bad have made so
much money? Why is it that young preteen girls make everything bad a
hit? WHY?
			
Even if i tried for a million years, i could not make this film worse.
But stick a robot and a giant llama in and hey, you've got a decent
film. It's good when the main character dies at the end, but the other
one doesn't because she gets to experience the same kind of trauma i
went through by sticking with watching it. The plot is absolutely
awful, the scriptwriters evidently have no imagination, and at 3 hours,
i would literally rather watch my cat sleeping. the actual best part is
the theme song at the credits, no only joking, that's as bad as the
film is. anyway, if you have 3 hours to kill, do something else, this
is absolute tripe.
			

When I watched Jack die I literally began to cry because I knew that I would
never see something as funny as that.  It was sentimental and it warmed many
peoples' hearts.  You actually think that this movie is so funny and fake
that you can't bear it and then you get to see his lifeless body frozen in
the water.  The only thing that could have made this movie better is if Old
Rose had been thrown into the water or killed and eaten.  If you like this I
suggest you rent The Texas Chainsaw Massacre... the movie is not quite as
graphic or shocking but you will also like it.
			

I am one of the few people, I think, that has not seen all of Titanic. I saw
most of it, and couldn't sit through the rest.You see, I have a great interest in the *real* Titanic. And I truly believe
that this three-hour 'epic' is the greatest insult to the tragedy ever to be
put on film. It has nothing to do with the ship, or what really happened.
The story would have been more realistic set in some city! As it is the ship
is just pushed into the background of a love story that could never, and I
repeat never, have happened in true life. Rose would never even have met
Jack, and most likely she would not have wanted to! Steerage passengers on
the Titanic, and all other ocean liners of the time, were strictly
prohibited from association with the other classes, and first class held
themselves so aloof that they did not even look on second class, let alone
steerage, as human beings let alone material for lovers. Rose would have
been raised with these attitudes; they would have been engraved in her no
matter how 'free-spirited' she was! And what are the chances that a
noblewoman, who has likely never done a lick of work in her life, could ever
swing an axe without chopping off someone's hand? Nil.This movie is nothing but Hollywood capitalising on a tragedy that cost
hundreds of lives. The only really fitting tribute to the doomed liner is
Titanic the musical, which has done it's research and is a triumphant
tribute to the ship and the world she sailed in, in which the characters
become secondary and the doomed liner takes on a life of it's own.
			

What the hell is this?? After Cameron's classic films like Aliens and T2,
how did Cameron make this? Ok to start off, this movie was long. 2 hours
too
long. If they hadn't had the whole love story plot, this movie wouldnt
suck.
The action/adventure of this movie is actually quite fun, but the whole
rich
girl meets poor boy love was thrown in there to attract some audience.
Whoops, they attracted a bunch of teen girls who have nothing better to do
then watch the same movie 40 times a week. The acting in this is just
terrible. The talkative old lady
was just annoying and stupid (if youve seen the movie you know what i'm
talking about). So the movie should really have been built around the
action/adventure, which i think it was originally supposed to be. Which
brings me to my next point: How did this movie win best picture? Well,
there
are 2 reasons for that. #1, it came out in December and the movie critics
who chose the movies are all too old to remember movies from the summer
(despite LA confidential)..#2 obviously because the movie made the most
money ever in the box office. To any guy who wants to impress his woman
friend, dont rent this movie because your lady will dig Leo, not you.
Please
avoid this movie if you havent seen it, and if your going to ignore that
anyway, then i hope you have a fun time because this deserved the golden
globe for best comedy/musical.
			

I'll be brief: It ain't that good. The characters are lame, the script is
awful, the situations are not entirely correct, the F/X ain't that cool...
I
found Godzilla more amusing... at least you knew it was bad since the
beginning. SO, if you get a chance to see "A night to remember", go and do
so. Don't waste your time with Leo DiCucu.
			

This film and the adoration it has received from viewers and reviewers alike
is one of the dominant reasons why I have decided not to attend any American
made films this year. My reasons are too numerous and strongly felt to be
reduced to 1,000 words. I think that this picture itself can take the place
of my 1,000 words of disgust with James Cameron and the American film
industry. 
			

Why'd I watch this movie? I coulda been watching something else! Something I
would've enjoyed! Leo made me wanna dig my eyes out, the injustice of Kate's
Academy Award nomination made me want to scream, (I was so happy when Helen
won over Kate) and the fact that they would cheapen such a tragedy with this
love line, well, I'll just leave it at that. Highly overrated for cheap
acting (minus Kathy Bates) and one weasle-looking rat-boy wuss in the lead.
What was I thinking? 
			

I must've been drunk. The acting is wooden, the character development almost
non-existent and the music irritating(I HATE
Celine Dion). The FX are great, but who cares?. Of the cast,
Leo
has one good moment at the end, but it drags on. Kate looks terrible in her
costumes, but it's nice to see she's not a twig. Pity she can't act. Billy
Zane has seldom shown restraint,
and this film is no exception. Oscar winner Kathy Bates,
however
is solid as an iceberg...er...rock as the "unsinkable" Molly Brown, but she
can't save it. Jim Cameron has been responsible
for many screen classics, but this isn't one of 'em. The dialogue is
extremely funny. To give you an indication of how
much I luuurrvved this film, the Federal election was on at
the
same time, and I decided to watch a bit of that!Would I have enjoyed it more
on the big screen?Dialogue and characterisation is no different at the
cinemas. The worst academy award nominated film of the year, but that's not
saying much.
			

Titanic can't even pretend to be a masterpiece because it doesn't say
anything new.  It is sweeping spectacle that surrounds a love affair.
Spartacus, The Ten Commandments, Doctor Zhivago, Gone With the Wind, Ben Hur
and other such films are the exact same thing.  So how can anyone say that
this movie is going to CHANGE Hollywood filmmaking?  What is there to
change?  It's all been done before!
			

*WoW* I finally get this.. you finally understand some of the emotions, and
dialogs.. yeah.. DUH.. their SOO obvious.. they bored me to death..
thankful I just got re-incarnated..I can understand that some people, especially those who don't watch that
many movies, that they like a movie like this. A lot of people like soaps,
and cheap supermarket novels as well. Any why ? Because you know what it
means, what it means for you, you get a grip on it and that feels safe,
comforting. But it really has no point watching such a movie, or reading
such a book other than just to comfort your mind, as if you were listening
to silence.. the only thing on earth that comes close as to how predictable
Titanic and the above named junk is. But if you want to use your mind,
opinions, personality and perception, try reading real literature and watch
real movies like: FoxFire, U-Turn, Nowhere, The Crow, Strange Days (all
surrealism I think) .. or .. (more serieus movies) Good Will Hunting, 12
Angry Men .. or .. (more adventurous and/or funny movies) Pulp Fiction,
Freeway, From Dusk till Down, Clerks ..
			

I can't believe that people actually enjoyed this movie. It is a terrible
movie with horrible actors and a horrific script. It feels like a 3rd rate
tv-movie. I went to see this with some of my friends and about 5 of us cried
and the rest of us were laughing hysterically at stupidity of the dialogue.
I would only see it again if you paid me all of its profits.
			

What a load of hype about nothing very much. The people who made this movie
were so engrossed in special effects and massive budgets that they neglected
to notice the cliched story line and consequently missed the opportunity to
highlight the real tragedy of the event - that a few minor differences in
circumstance would have altered the result of that fateful night entirely.
What a waste!
			

This movie made way too much money!  Cameron shouldn't direct a love story!
There was way too much hype behind this movie, the music got old VERY VERY
QUICKLY mostly due to the radio stations playing it several times within
each day, Decaprio, isn't a very good actor, and he kinda looks like one of
the Hanson brothers, meaning VERY feminine!  This movie was also way too long
for a love story!  If you want to see a good love story see What Dreams May
Come!  Due to this film, I now dislike the name Cameron, and that's pretty
bad coming from someone who loved Abyss, Terminator2, and Aliens, to put it
simply I hated this film!
			

Not only was the plot dodgy at best, but the actors was wooden, the effects
shoody to say they cost millions, and the background looked like it was
painted on. How on earth would Kate Winslet's character ever have fallen for
that excuse for an actor DiCaprio
			

I dont see why people are saw this film over, and over and over....again. 
 It added nothing new to the disaster genre (its just an overblown Poseidon
 Adventure), it is nowhere near as romantic as other epics, like Casablanca
, Gone with the Wind or Dr.Zhivago.  To me, this was just another over-hyped
 romance, like "The English Patient".  And can someone tell me whats so
 romantic about a woman dumping her fiance, for some fly-by-night hustler,
 who can dance.  Maybe its my artifical heart talking, but thats not
 romantic.
			

One word to describe how I feel about this movie: AAAAAAUUUUUUGGGGHHHHH!!!! 
 I apologize for being so verbose.Let's not confuse the difference between "good" movies and "entertaining"
 movies.  I'll admit that when I went to see this movie, for that last hour
 when ship sank, I was "entertained."  I'm also entertained by that paddle
 with the ball on a rubber band, but that doesn't mean I think it's worth
 over a billion dollars or eleven "Pointless Toy Awards."  In addition, I
 wouldn't play with it for three hours, or even go back and play with it
 again four or five times.  "Titanic" isn't a "good" movie.  As far as the Academy Awards is concerned,
 I'm sure there are many, many little people who deserved recognition for
 working hard on this film, and they no doubt received that recognition.  I
 don't have a problem with that.  As for that arrogant pig of a man, James
 Cameron, there were at least two other directors far more deserving of an
 Oscar.  In fact, there were at least two other movies deserving of "Best
 Picture."  Here's a little suggestion for September when "Titanic" is released on video
: save your money.  The ship still sinks, and I know that my
 heart will go on aching because we're rewarding a mediocre film for being
 exceptionally mediocre.  Use your money to see some of the good movies you
 missed when you went back to "Titanic" for the fifth time.
			

I saw this movie twice and I truly loved it.  However the over-hype made me
 dislike it.  The money does not even come close to indicating quality.  I
 never cried.  It was WAY too predicable.  The fx was what made me go
 again.  The fact is the movie isn't that powerful.  James Horner's score
 sound like rejects from Bravheart which by the way is a much better movie
 at capturing romance and action.  You want quality, watch a much better
 actor in Mel Gibson than fly-by-night DiCaprio.
			

I saw this one in the movie theater and kept cringing through the whole
film. This film is so full of moments and actors etc. which done a little
differently would have made me like the film, perhaps. The film isn't
'Gigli'-bad, it is fairly typical of Camerons new found style of making
three digit milj. - budget films. I liked the original Terminator, it worked
even if it sometimes looks a bit dated. The Titanic looks outdated already,
and it doesn't have much going for itself except the remnants of the
marketing campaign. 1/10.
			

It looks very good and the technical aspects are to be admired, but when
you
get to the nuts and bolts (script and acting) it just sucks.Im never going to get the 3 hours of my life back that I wasted watching
this 'movie'Yuck.
			

I almost always refrain from posting negative reviews.  What I find
ridiculous may be sublime to others.  However, this is one movie that I
find
so disgustingly revolting that I cannot resist adding my unwelcomed
two-cents.If you're one of the three people on earth who hasn't seen the film,
PLEASE
take my advice and find something more constructive to do with your time.Director/writer James Cameron has reduced a TRULY horrific event into a
ludicrously trite love story that makes Days of Our Lives seem like a
Shakespearean tragedy by comparison.  Instead of focusing the story on
actual people and events,  Cameron took the easy way out and created a
cast
of dull, sterotypical characters who spout inane dialogue seemingly lifted
from a tv-movie-of-the-week.  Rampant historical inaccuracies, cliched
directing, uninspired acting, and ridiculously cheap sentimentality all
add
up to one over-hyped, overrated spectacle.The only thing more nauseating than the film itself was James Cameron's
"moment of silence" at the Oscars for the real victims of the disaster.
The
"movie" Titanic has about as much to do with the actual disaster as the
Police Academy movies do with law enforcement.  This film isn't a
testament
to human tragedy...it's a disgusting marketing ploy aimed at bilking
moviegoers out of money,  while making a mockery out of those people who
experienced an event that no one should ever face.

			

I felt this film had some neat effects, but not worth the price of the
ticket.  The acting was weak, and the dialogue was horrible.
If you haven't seen it yet, you were probably correct to not want
to.
			

I didn't see the Titanic in the cinema when it opened, it was my pure pride
not seeing the most comercial film of all times. But that after some time (3
months) I got a free ticket for a small cinema matinee. So I said screw it,
let's see it. At the start it was OK but than soap opera started. Man, how
can you stand to hear that BS all the time ?? Leo is dying, so what and
he's doing it at least 30 minutes. And three hours long film, please ! The
movie made for the little teenage girls, who go to cinema just to see the Di
Crapio. The only good thing in the movie are the scenes, which are really
cool made. 
			

When I first heard, that James Cameron was going to make a film about
Titanic, I had big expectations. I thought that it was going to be a movie
that would stun me.
Sadly it was a big disappointment. The movie never interested me, I was
bored and never stunned by the special effects.
The sinking of Titanic was a disaster and Cameron never gave me the
impression that it was a disaster. I never saw real emotions, it all came
down on overacting and commercial emotions. I guess for someone who doesn't
see as many movies as I do, Titanic will be a great movie.
The movie never worked up to its expections and it never showed why it had
cost so much money.
I think most people love the film because the commercials told them it was
the greatest movie ever.
Also the acting of both main characters was below every expectation, this is
proven by the fact that none of them won an Acadamy award.

			

I was impressed with detail they put into the facts of the circumstances and
the detail to the time period.  But the dialogue was cliched and
predictable. Plus the acting was not at it's "best".
			

My job requires me to travel every week to some other part of the country
and I usually come home on the weekends. This summer I traveled from
Washington to California every week. So twice a week I was on a 5 hour
flight. I will not mention the airline, but they decided to capitalize on
Titanic's popularity and show it as many times as they could. Well, guess
what. I ended up having to sit through Titanic a total of 6 times!!! This
must be what hell is like. I had to sit through a movie 6 times more than I
wanted to see it. I saw it at the movies (friends payed for the ticket
because I wouldn't see it otherwise) and I thought to myself what a crappy
movie. But after being subjected to a whole month of Cameron and Leo I hate
this movie more than anything else in existence. You see, the flights I'm on
either have One big screen for the whole cabin or strategicaly placed
monitors. So even if you don't "RENT" the headset you still have to be
subjected to the visual "majesty" of Titanic. Those of you who don't like
this movie don't need me to tell you what's wrong with it, and those who
love it probably won't get past a review that doesn't start with "THIS IS
THE GREATEST FILM EVER!!" So I just wanted to share my experience and offer
to you this little question.What if you were trapped in a room where where your eyes were taped
open and you had to "experience" Titanic over and over and over and over and
over....
			

I find it difficult to comment on this film because it was so bad.  As far
as I can see it has no redeeming features at all.  Titanic is too long,
boring and the special effects aren't really very special.There is no attempt to develop the characters and the narrative, far from
being a great love story, is just silly.  If the script cost more than 1
it
was robbery.I saw this with a friend who commented, as the credits revealed "Written
and
Directed by James Cameron", .. and he should be thoroughly ashamed of
himself.This is the sort of film that makes Europeans despise Hollywood. It may
have
made a lot of money but it was basically worthless.
			

Titanic. The story was really bad everyone knew from the beginning that
how
it's gonna end. DiCaprio was extremely harsh, presenting himself, I
guess.
I would give the A.M.P.A.S. awards to the L.A. Confidental.
What was good then?
Directing was quite okay, and the visual FX were superb.
			

While I will admit that the special effects were pretty good (they better be
for $280 million) the rest of the movie was absolutely horrible.  The most
believable performance in the film was by the Iceberg.  The characters were
entirely plastic, and I felt no sympathy for any of them when they died.We have Selfish Brat Rose, who decides that she is going to get what she
wants no matter what her parents say. She even laughs when her much older
self tells of her Fiance's suicide. She changes her name and allows her
mother to think she is dead; not a word of hope for the poor mother of Rose.
Not to mention that despite its size, she must have the ENTIRE board to
herself when she and Jack are in the water.  Whatever happened to "you jump I
jump?"  Wouldn't they have been able to keep warmer if they had been huddled
together?  It seems she forgot to mention this 2 day incident of true love
to her eventual husband of some 80 odd years too. Hmmm....Then we have Over-glorified-Representation-of-Freedom Jack, a "gentleman" who
doesn't bother to s**** Rose in the bedroom when she is naked, but waits
until they are in the backseat of a car (now isn't THAT romantic!).
Wouldn't a true "gentleman" (especialy one of that era) not have done
anything at all?  Great job of accurately representing the time period,
James...The acting was indeed bad, but I cannot entirely blame the Actors for this.
It is hard to make stupid one-liners (such as "this is bad" when the ship is
vertical) sound good, and kudos to Cappy for trying.The success of this movie at the box office is not too hard to understand.
I know at least 7 people who saw it 5 or more times each, and have heard of
others who have seen it more, but how anyone at the academy could have
thought it deserved any NOMINATIONS other than perhaps Best effects is
beyond me.

			

Really, why all the commotion over this movie? This schmaltzy soap opera
bubble gum puke is way overlong, with every character some cartoon cliche'.
With dialouge so frickin' corny that just made me want to throw a brick
through my TV screen. Even at the end, that rotten, stupid cow could have
let Leo share the plank she was on, but no, she decides to let him die! What
the hell is up with that! When are people going to realize that all the
special effects in the world aren't going to compensate for jejune scripts
such as this one. It too bad that Cameron didn't line a few bird cages with
his script to this manipulative, sugar coated bore-feast, if he would have,
it would have put to good use.
			
Bloated neo-romantic crap are other fine discriptors of this movie. I
honestly puke my guts out whenever the word titanic is mentioned. Hype,
insulting plot, NON-Period sets, terrible lame dialogue, FAKE history
all make this the worst blockbuster this side of phantom menace. Why do
people like this movie so much? Really, pop-crap is what this is,
nothing more. People proclaim James Cameron as some good director -
this is the guy that directed "Piranha Part Two: The Spawning" for
crying out loud! And if I see him on one more titanic type special I'm
going to puke. Honestly, he already made a trillion dollars off of one
shipwreck, can't he leave it alone already? Titanic sucks, OK? TITANIC
SUCKS
			
What a stinker! I know that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences is a private club and only members can vote for Oscars. We,
the viewing public, buy our tickets and have our opinions. I have
watched the Oscars show on TV since they first let us in on their big
night. It is fun to watch the show and hope for our favorites, but it
is not a peoples' choice award show. I have been disappointed many
times and happy many times with the winners of the coveted prize. But
never so disappointed and shocked at the the winning of 11 Oscars for
"Titanic" One Oscar for special effects, maybe, but the other 10,
ridiculous. The blue heart.. Yikes! I can't understand how anyone other
than girls between the ages of 10 and 12 could have liked this awful
movie.
			
Yes, I know, Titanic won 11 Oscars, but that isn't the biggest Oscar
win of all time. Titanic is tied with two other movies for the most
wins. Not to mention that Titanic's awful script wasn't even nominated,
thank goodness! Sure it got 14 nominations, but once again, that's tied with two other
movies! Some Titanic fans, mainly immature teenage girls, think that
it's the "biggest movie of all time." Not when you account inflation,
if so, it's only in ninth place! The reason why this movie made so much
money was because giddy teenage girls wanted to see Leo draw Kate
Winslet nude several times.My point is that Titanic is not the great movie some of it's fans make
it out to be, it's simply two immature teenagers who meet on the ocean
liner and have a happy romance that gets cut short. It's been done
before and after with much better results.This movie was completely predictable from start to finish.Overweight Kate Winslet plays FAT spoiled brat, Rose Dewitt Bukater,
who dislikes her fianc, and instead of being a mature adult about it,
decides to go after penniless pretty boy, Jack Dawson who draws her in
the nude and sleeps with her possibly getting her pregnant.I guess I was one of the few people who rooted for Cal, since Rose was
his fianc! I guess a lot of teenage girls like this character, she
even has one of the ugliest toy dolls ever made by Galoob.I get a laugh out of watching these two fumble over their lines and
emotions.The fact is that this is the most overrated movie in history.I predict in a few years, that everyone will have forgotten about this
VERY overrated movie!
			
This movie began the sad trend of turning tragedies into love stories.
After Titanic came Pearl Harbor. It really is getting sad. The only
good part of this movie is the sinking of the ship. The CG in that part
is really good, but really, was this that great of a movie? No. To
prove this, one must only look at its theme song. Tired already? After
hearing "You'll be in my heart" for the 1,496th time (yes, I really did
count. I was really bored one month), i got really tired of it, to say
the least. It is unbearably long, and undeservedly so. Unlike LOTR:
ROTK, which was a truly epic movie, this movie just seemed to drag on.
And what was with the dropping of the necklace into the ocean? Yes, it
was symbolic, but really, that thing was worth millions!Anyways, if you are considering watching this movie, just forget it and
go rent something meaningful, like the Godfather, or any of the LOTR
movies, some truly GREAT movies. Or if you are looking for a laugh, get
Thumbtanic. That was pretty funny, and it will basically give you a
shorter, more intelligent overview of the Titanic than this movie did.
			
This movie is sh1t. 1 Billion dollars worth of sh1t. I hope you enjoy
your billion dollar sh1t...morons. People are dying of diseases you
can't pronounce and this...sh1t...made 1 billion dollars. I'm going to
kill myself...sh1t.10 lines of text 10 lines of text 10 lines of text 110 lines of text 10
lines of text 10 lines of text 1,000,000,000 worth of sh1t10 lines of text 10 lines of text i hate this movie this movie is crapdon't worry about how many lines of text there areit's OKjust don't see this moviepooppee
			
"there are only lifeboats for half the people... yea the better half".The segregation, oppression, and unenlightened separation of the
privileged few from the unkempt, unwashed masses is the "dramatic"
thread that seems to be the "soul" of this bloated, overwritten, orally
deficient melodrama. It is completely counterpointed by the very last
scene. An antithesis of the socially conscious concern of the film
makers.It is morally reprehensible, irresponsible, incomprehensible, and
downright selfish. One wonders how many underprivileged children with
empty bellies and deplorable living conditions could have been saved by
that mega-million dollar necklace. All for a cheap sentimental tug.Some interesting special effects, attractive people, and unintentional
humor are not enough to redeem this unforgivable, utter failure of a
film that can only be subjugated to the lower decks of American Cinema.
			
Just 3 hours of waiting for the ship to crush all the movie is just a
romantic crap no one should watch this movie even not in the cost of
your life cause this movie is longer Satan create this movie with a
wish to take us all off like he did with his last terror "Avatar", from
the other side pies would never hurt no one. what if banana can fly,
Why I sit in the dark wait for the movie to end? but it never stops "I
love you" he say but she never listen. bang bang he run try to catch
them! crap so obvious whats going on! MAKE IT STOP! why the boat so
big? is ice is so strong? is man land on freezing water to die for
other people on the new land? this journey could be much more cool with
giant rabbits! P.S
			
I watched this movie under the influence that it would be good. I don't
get it. Is this supposed to be entertaining? The plot was totally
pointless. Here's what happens: Some kid goes to a boat and finds this
dog and then his stepfather says he can't keep it. Then there is a
bear, and it's after the stepfather, but the dog comes to save him.
Then it gets rabies and the boy freezes to death. How did that happen?
I though this was about a boat? There was only one in the beginning. My
friend later explained to me that I fell asleep and had a dream that
was more interesting than this movie. That sort of explains why instead
of credits I just got shoved by the usher and told to leave the
theatre. Oh well, it was a long time ago.
			
I find it hard to believe people are still spending money to see this.
The clichs, the glitz, the kitsch are enough to make one choke - like
some plastic Madonna designed as a back-drop to a Wagnerian opera by
Walt Disney on a Sterno binge. But the real flaw is that it just goes
on and on, milking every possible tear from the eyes of deluded
teenagers who read one historical 'romance' novel too many.I don't even know why I watched it through the end - except it was on
cable, and a documentary on the real Titanic tragedy was immediately
scheduled after. (Watching it free is the only way to see this wretched
excess without giving the studio hacks behind it the wrong idea, that
it might have been worth making - it wasn't.) Anyway, I thought the
people freezing took an awful long time going to meet their maker. But
perhaps they were waiting to meet the maker of this movie, who
obviously took a vacation during the corporate filming of it. Needed
extra time to count the money from the suckers, doncha know....A complete travesty of anything like real historical drama.
			
Titanic is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. Now don't get me
wrong I thought the special fx were great! But the acting was cheesy
and laughable. I laughed in this movie so much from the horrible acting
and sappy, cheesy dialouge. The lenghth of the movie was crazy! It
dragged on and on! I actually fell asleep! The music wasn't so great
either. That crappy Celine Dion song adds to the cheesinest. This movie
also won waaaaaaaaaay to many awards then it deserved! It deserved all
the technical and special fx awards, but the other ones............ no.
Pretty good cast, Kate Winslet's a babe. :) I wish Mystery Science
Theater 3000 would have made fun of this movie! it would have been a
great episode!
			

I am disgusted with this movie. Firstly I admit that the special effects
are
extra ordinary but what would you expect of James Cameron. Terminator and
Aliens speak for themselves and when it comes to movie making Mr. Cameron
certainly ranks in the top 10 of current film directors. Thus, being based
on historical events the special effects cannot save this movie because
how
more earth shattering can a sinking ship be than.. well a sinking ship.
What
really made my mouth bitter was the vacuous script. I got the idea that
Mr.
Cameron enlisted the help of all the daytime TV-soap writers to write the
most vapid script ever. It would have been appropriate if the movie was
released with Written boards which states: At 30 minutes cry et al.  The
thing is, this is a JUST ADD WATER SCRIPT. (Literally) It is so innocuous
that one can place it on any setting (even Sabrina the teenage witch)
Unfortunately I disagree with the fact that this movie had 'broad appeal'
If
you take into account the general sample of viewers on this board have
seen
the movie in excess of 5 times in the cinema, it whittles down the number
of
actual viewers considerably. Furthermore, with the current crop of
cinematic
wonders being released it is obvious that Directors do not need to
under-estimate their audience as they are more intelligent than they get
credit for (case in point the name change of Harry Potter and the
Philosophers stone to Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's stone so that
American
audiences would know what it is about.) Instead of dumbing down audiences,
directors should inspire audiences to understand the world better.  I
truly
believe that Titanic will over the next 5 years be push down the list of
greatest movies to the bottom 50 as the E-Generation likes more mental
challenges (WRITTEN SIGN: CLAP HERE)
			

I dont know what idea of great movies does the Academy have. Movies like
this one are about the same soap opera story that we have always seen in
TV
for years, with the only difference of good special effects. Nothing else.
The Oscar shouldnt be given to movies like this, but to innovative way to
tell stories. And Titanic, for sure, is not one of those.
			

Yes, I have seen this film, and it was a plastic-pathetic semi-lovestory.
The only things worth seeing are the computer animations, but I've seen
better i more low-budget movies.
The three hours the film lasts seem to go on forever and ever. I wouldn't
recommend anyone to go and see it, you'll just loose three hours of your
life you could spend picking your teeth or anything that's more
interesting.
			

I thought this movie extremely disappointing. The characters were not very
motivating, and the acting was horrible.  I was not convinced of their
roles
at all.  The story line was also very poor and unrealistic.  I would not
recommend this movie to anyone, instead I suggest the older version made in
1953. Although it isn't recent, the story is very moving and the ending
quite touching.
			

*WARNING SLIGHT SPOILERS*
This movie was supposedly great, "An unbelievable experience" I heard,
well
of course like all other Leonardo Di Caprio movies it is boring from start
to finish. The main story is peasant Jack Dawson (Leonardo Di Caprio)
falling in love with Rose (Kate Winslet), who is of a much higher class.
That storyline is supported by the great ship crashing into an ice-berg &
doing the unthinkable, it sank on its maiden voyage! This film is poor
because really in my view its just an excuse to get Leonardo Di Caprio
together with yet another woman. It is one of the worst films I have ever
seen, & after all the praise it got I was surprised when I saw the film.
My
advice is if you haven't seen the film yet don't bother you will be
disappointed! My message to director James Cameron is "The film took 3
hours
and 10 minutes of my life away, and I want them back! I rate this film a
very generous 2 out of 10.
			

Titanic is probably the worst movie ever. A 200million dollar budget, and
all we get is a sappy love-story?!? James Cameron proved to everyone just
how bad a director can take something when his ego gets in the way. There
is
no ONE good thing about this. Unecessary sex, bad cast, annoying special
effects, and no boat! This was clearly Cameron's vision as he knew that
if
he did not sell out, he would have the biggest bomb in his laps. There
were
so many historical inaccuracies that I lost interest within 1 hour.
Needless
to day, I wish I could have those 3 hours back. The film attempts to
cross
modern survivor recalls past theme. It doesn't work. The movie was not
art
in anyway. When a director is spending 200 million, I have a right to
expect
a little more than a love story that is a) historically impossible(upper
class NEVER married nor dated lower) and b) horrible acting. To this junk
get all those Oscars is a crime. How could something like this win over
Gandhi and The Last Emperor. Those are art films that didnt need a huge
budget. The Titanic in short, is nothing more than a "chick flick". No
art,
no talent, no screenplay, makes for one giant piece of
junk.
			

Pardon my bluntness, but this movie sucks.  It's nothing more than a
cheesy
love story that we've all seen a hundred times.  Nice girl, bad boy, evil
fiancee, blah-blah-blah. Oh yeah, the ship sinks at the
end.
What this movie should have focused on, the tragedy of what happened that
night, is missed.  We get a three hour love story and a one hour SFX
overload.  Yeah, greatest movie of all time alright.
			

Perhaps my expectations ran too high when I watched this movie, but I'm
rather inclined to think that this is the most overrated movie that's ever
been made. Although the historical facts are of course known, the story
holds no surprises at all and the characters are full of clichs which
makes
it really hard to watch the whole movie without being lulled to sleep or
bored to death.
Of course, it's a very emotional film with a romantic love story, but the
lovers stay two-dimensional unless you happen to be a true
Leonardo-di-Caprio-fan, and as I haven't been one before, I certainly
won't
be one now. As to the ship's sinking itself, which is what the average
viewer might have paid for to watch, it's probably impressive and
satisfying
for most viewers, but I think it is reaching our lowest instincts by
satisfying our greed to watch catastrophes from a safe distance, e.g. your
living-room or local theater, and gladness it's not us who are fighting
for
life. Unfortunately, there's really no more than that to the film, so if
you
haven't seen the movie before, keep your money and find something worth
while doing.
			

This movie is absolute garbage from beginning to
end. I lost all respect for James Cameron after this.
I can't believe anyone would rate this movie high. At least
3000+ people with sense (including myself) have rated
this as 1 (awful). A trite story, bad acting, a bad
script, and a horrible performance from DiCraprio and Winslet.
To those who accuse people who rate Titanic low of not rating this movie
"honestly" I question whether you have rated this movie honestly. If
people
were honest with themselves and
weren't drawn in by the hype of this movie, they would
rate this no higher than a 6. By the way-the MPAA rated this a PG-13.
Female
frontal nudity! Hello!!! Did the person who rated this take a bathroom
break
during the part when Kate took her clothes off? Granted, Kate Winslet nude
is about as attractive as that ugly nude granny in "The Shining." At least
they still had enough sense in the 70s to give that one an "R"
rating.
			

first let me say, LOL! this movie was terrible I really can't believe it
made so much money a movie about a ship sinking, how can this last so long
but somehow they strung it out. Leo can't act at all and Cameron's best was
T2 he shouldn't have made this I don't care how much it made this movie is
very boring and I don't recommend it to anybody with good taste, 1 out of
10
			

As much as I wish I could hide the fact that I saw this...thing...that
passed for a movie, I just can't.  Titanic proved that James Cameron should
never try a movie with depth or plot, or a good script, because this effort
failed miserably.  It will be a cold day in hell before I EVER admit this
movie deserved any of the Academy Awards it got, especially considering
it's
competition.  L.A. Confidential-one of the best movies ever.  Good Will
Hunting-an excellent movie.  As Good As It Gets-very funny and well
written.
Titanic-a boat.  The awards it got are the reasons that I no longer
respect
the Academy of Motion Picture Arts And Sciences.  Anyone who thinks that
the
lead actors in this movie were good, well, all I can say is, especially if
you're a guy, I feel sorry for you.  An un-original story, poor poorly
acted, and far beyond any reasonable budget, the success of this movie
really is beyond me.  I don't think it would hurt Mr. James 'I'm King Of
the
World' Cameron to refund my matinee ticket price.
			

This movie was boring and a complete waste of time. Instead of spending more
time about the ship, they wasted the movie with some stupid, dumb, love
story. This movie was pointless, dull, and a waste of 3 hours and 14 minutes
of my life. This is for everyone who hasen't seen yet- DON'T WASTE YOUR
TIME. Overall 1/10
			

The only thing I got from this movie was a frightful headache...They
could've made it one tape and it would've been good but they had to drag the
stupid story(Which wasn't much of one)out!
   Watch the first tape..but forget the last one!It's really not worth the
headache You'll more than likely get!
   The stupid flashing lights really get to you after the first time you see
them..But after the second You want to scream...
   And then they have to drag the sinking ship out for one whole
tape..really a dumb movie and I don't know why everyone raved about it
unless they liked staring at Kate's boobs...Thats the only thing I can
figure...And the old women was really stupid...
  Leo's acting really stunk...And it seems to me they couldn't make up their
mind on the millionares role in the whole dumb movie....If he so cared about
himself he would've forgot about the slut and left...
   Really a stupid movie...One word describes it well...DUMB!!!
			

Bad script, with a plot patched together from the earlier Titanic films. 
Bad performances.  Special effects unimpressive.  Sets no better than the
ones in the far superior "A Night to Remember".  A theme song capable of
stripping the enamel off your teeth.  This movie sucks.  One can only
conclude that anyone who really loves films will hate it.
			

Yeah, you heard right. Titanic, for all it's special effects, obscenely
high
budget, and no less criminal amount of critic acclaim, is nothing more
than
a big pile of rubbish. The ship sank, and sucked millions of dollars down
with it.First of all, take away the special effects. What your left with is a
third
rate script. It attempts to mix a period piece with trendy, all too modern
dialogue. I have doubts that "The finger" and the term "Bum a smoke"
existed
in 1912. You also get the most contrived love story in the history of
motion
pictures. There is no way Jack would have even been allowed near where
Rose
was. Also, I doubt that a girl like Rose, raised in a life of luxury and
set
to marry a billionaire, would be interested in a bum like Jack. The
customs
at the time would not have permitted it. What I also have a problem with
is
the cliches that this script banks on. It is always the rich people who
are
the villains, and the poor little popper is the hero who saves the day.
The
screenwriter must have no mind of his/her own.Second, the acting is horrible. Sorry ladies, it's no mystery why Leo
wasn't
nominated for an Oscar. But Leo can act, he has proven that in the past.
But
period pieces are not his strength (do I even need to mention "The Man in
the Iron Mask"?). Kate Winslet is the typical strong willed female
character
made to appeal to the feminists watching this movie. They might have had
their feathers ruffled by the lines "The real purpose of college is to
meet
a good man", though. She is good, but one good performance in a sea of bad
ones.James Cameron is not high on my list of favorite directors, and "Titanic"
stands as the biggest stroke of his ego. Needless to say, I was disgusted
by
the "Moment of silence" he made at the Oscars. The only redeeming quality
of
"Titanic" is watching the ship sink, which fills the second half of this
movie's grossly overlong running time. But it is hardly worth it. And the
Best Picture Oscar, god! There is only one way I can say this, "LA
Confidential" got screwed! As did "Good Will Hunting".To sum up, I found my 3 hours in the dentist chair last month more
enjoyable
than this piece of trash. There's a special place in Hollywood Hell for
"Titanic". 
			
To this day, I have been unable to figure out why people like this
movie so much. It infuriates me how people are seduced by big-budget
special effects and cheesy romance, and how they can't see past the eye
candy to see that this movie had almost no true substance. James
Cameron's good movies are The Terminator, Terminator 2, Aliens, and The
Abyss. Titanic is not included in the list.The one good thing I will say about the movie is the special effects.
The big turning machinery in the bottom of the ship, and the ship
sinking and people falling all over the place was fun to watch, but got
old very fast. Basically, the special effects were the only thing that
made the movie. Another positive thing that I have to say about the
movie is that Leonardo Dicaprio was the only character in the movie
that I liked.Now on to the negatives of this movie, and bear with me because there
are A LOT of them.I will start with the Romance. The romance aspect of the movie is
probably what most people like about this movie, but believe me when I
say it is one of the corniest, shallowest love stories I have ever
suffered through (although it is not nearly as bad as Twilight). Jack,
or Leonardo Dicaprio, is completely infatuated with Rose, or Kate
Winslet. I mean, I can tell that she is pretty, but come on dude, you
couldn't have picked a more selfish, emotionally imbalanced girl.Which brings me to the thing I probably will rave about the most: Kate
Winslet's character Rose. I hated her. ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY HATED
HER. She is a selfish, spoiled little brat, who in the beginning of the
movie, decides to jump off the ship to kill herself simply because
things are not going her way. As soon as she is out on the ledge
outside the railing of the ship where she can't get back by herself
(especially since she was smart enough to wear high-heels), she decides
that she is too scared to go through with it, and has to have Jack save
her sorry butt. So after a while, the movie drags on, and finally Jack
declares his love for her. And all she does in response is that she
tells him that she "has to go, now." Are you kidding me? If an
amazingly cute boy declared his love for me, I'd at least thank him for
his compliments! A lot later, Rose finally decides to fall in love with
him, too. Alright, okay. But what about her fruitcake of a fiance (who
looked like he was wearing eye-liner)? Well, something else happens
that infuriated me. The fiance tries to make it look like Jack stole a
diamond. This is at the point where Rose pretty much loves Jack, and
trusts him with her life; so why didn't she defend him when the fiance
says he stole the diamond, and Jack asserts that he didn't do it, and
brings up the fact that Rose knew him well enough to know that he
didn't steal it? I don't know. She is an all-around moronic little
skank. Also, I got irritated when she asks Jack to draw her naked.
They've known each other for... two days? And she is already offering
herself to him?! What is wrong with her??!! She was only seventeen!!!
Ugh, the movie drags on and on and I get more and more annoyed until
the end, (SPOLIER) when Jack dies (END OF SPOILER). It was horrifyingly
disappointing to see the only good character in the movie die, and the
most infuriating character live to tell the stupid tale! All in all, I
would have given the movie two more stars if Rose had died, preferably
by falling off the ship and into the propeller.All the other characters, except for Jack, I hated, though not as much
as I hated Rose. Her mother was a straight-up b-word. Her fiance was a
total fruitcake, and a mean fruitcake at that. Every other background
character was flat, and unmemorable. The acting was so cheap, and I
really couldn't feel any sympathy for any of the characters, even when
they drowned and froze to death, which is indeed terrible, but I don't
care. When I don't like the characters or the movie in general, I
always wish for the movie to end with all of them dying.Besides being an overblown Hollywood special effects showcase, some
smaller details of the movie seemed a little far-fetched. First of all,
The elderly woman in the beginning was there at the Titanic when she
was 17. That was in 1912. It is now 1997 in the movie. That would make
her 102 years old. One hundred and two, and still living on her own and
taking care of herself? Is that even possible? Also, how did the
drawing of her naked survive all those years underwater? One last
thing: the treasure hunters in the beginning of this three-hour movie
ask the old lady where the Diamond is, and she tells this long stupid
story, only to pull out the necklace from her drawer at the end of the
movie. Why didn't the stupid hag give it to them in the very
beginning?? What was the point of that three-hour, cheesy, infuriating,
boring, stupid story??!!When I heard this movie was being re-released in 3D, I felt the rage at
this movie coming up again. I don't care if I'm the only one who
absolutely LOATHED this movie. All I know is that I know what a good
movie is, and Titanic is NOT a good movie.
			
this movie is not have any action like real men and i disliked this
movie and this movie is sucks and very awful. this movie is not have
any action like real men and i disliked this movie and this movie is
sucks and very awful. this movie is not have any action like real men
and i disliked this movie and this movie is sucks and very awful.this
movie is not have any action like real men and i disliked this movie
and this movie is sucks and very awful.this movie is not have any
action like real men and i disliked this movie and this movie is sucks
and very awful.this movie is not have any action like real men and i
disliked this movie and this movie is sucks and very awful.this movie
is not have any action like real men and i disliked this movie and this
movie is sucks and very awful.
			
I finally, finally broke down to watch this (I know, I know, it took
some time to do it) and now I know why it took me so long. My Lord,
this sorry excuse for a movie is just plain awful. I haven't experience
this much movie-viewing pain since trying to sit through Brokeback
Mountain, another highly overrated, badly acted, sorry excuse of time
and effort. Sappy dialog, boring, over-the-top characters, dull and
predictable storyline, and so on and so on. The costume designs, set
decorations, cinematography, and special effects were definitely worthy
of notice, but nothing else. And to realize that this worthless piece
of trash won the Best Picture Oscar over L.A. Confidential, a brainy,
stylish, police drama, is unbelievably pathetic. But then again, I have
noticed that most of the viewing public, including critics and
Hollywood, don't like to think too much. In that case, this movie's for
you!
			
There is more wrong with this film than anyone could possibly say. I
honestly don't know where to begin. Romance is bad. Reasons.1)I am not the most knowledgeable person when it comes to romance, but
isn't there more to it than nude portraits and life saving? Also where
is the attraction to a guy that looks like a woman? Yes Leonardo
DiCrapio acts a little effeminately to be loved as Jack Dawson our
so-called hero, or at least I think that is what everyone thought he
was, he isn't at all, and you know why? It is simply because that if
Rose Dawson (played badly by Kate Winslet, I'll explain later) hadn't
known him she would have gone home happily without losing anyone close
to her, and she wouldn't have jumped, no way would she, and if she had
at least the film would have been over quicker, and also he is totally
repulsive, especially to the male half of the audience, I mean really
who is this film for?2) Attraction. I don't know how each character was attracted to each
other. How can Jack be attracted to Rose when she is spitting over the
side of the ship? That's disgusting even for me, never mind an
effeminate person like him. Also if it's true love why didn't Rose make
more room on the floating door, which she could've done easily. He
might have lived if she had, heck even Jim Carrey spotted that in the
film Bruce Almighty. Acting? Reasons why it is also crap.1) Winslet acts like a snob for the first part and then like a tramp,
would anybody demote themselves like this? When the kid drowned in the
corridor, and when she fell off the side of the boat she hardly
screamed. Why? Some say she was strong. peh... Almost everyone would
have screamed in those situations. I have no idea what her face
expression and posture was meant to say when Leo was arrested for
possessing the planted diamond, I think she was upset, maybe angry,
maybe about ready to laugh? I do not know, she had NO EXPRESSION.2) Leo was the same, NO EXPRESSION. Cameron directed people to act like
gormless puppets, one face for every situation. Totally unrealistic. 3) Rose's family of snobs were stereotypical, I don't like the
stereotype at all. Snobs are not just money-grabbers, I am not
particularly rich, but I'd like to be. With the way that each
stereotype acted, it seemed that the poor wanted to stay poor, and the
rich wanted to be richer. I don't think people really act like this. The directing is bad. Reasons.1) James Cameron couldn't direct traffic. His style is crap, and
revolves around two kind of people a) People who have one prime desire,
and nothing else, and this doesn't remotely resemble reality at all -
b) The other group are people who have one stereotyped personality.
These are mainly Snobs, the poor and the ship staff. James Cameron
should have worked to establish more realism within his characters,
only Kathy Bates can be praised for achieving this.2) The special effects are too lavish. The boat is too glammed up, and
anyone who says the boat looks "real" is a total moron. A film needs to
be more than special effects. He could have worked a little harder on
the acting instead.3) Cameron's camera shots were mediocre to say the least. A few shots
that were particularly bad include. The one where he shows us the whole
ship from far out, I do not know what he was trying to achieve, my
guess is that he was trying to show us how isolated the ship was, but
this is pointless as we already knew it was isolated, you can't get
more isolated in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. Another example of
camera shots is to do with the exchange of angles. He too often
flickers back from person to person, why can't he keep the camera in
one place? He may as well have pointed it at the moon, that's more
interesting than a random mess of pictures. Bad plot. Reasons.It is meant to be Rose's story, and I think it should have only
included her accounts. But instead it had bits that made no sense. such
as.1)The two old people cuddling, getting ready to die. 2)Plates falling
from shelves. 3)The captain drowning on the bridge. 4)The dome shatters
and everyone inside drowns These events are shown, yet in accordance to
where Rose is during the film it doesn't make sense that she should
have known about these things. Why add bits? My guess is to add to the
sentimentality and drama but the overall realism and
straightforwardness is lost thanks to this. Boy I hate this film. Oscars? It Shouldn't have won a single solitary thing, never mind 11.
There are flaws. Bigguns. No denying it really, it is totally true that
almost every aspect could have been cleaned up considerably.I don't
care what anyone says. I find it unbearable to watch this garbage.
There is a lot more than this, wrong with this diabolical film, but I
have a 1000 word limit. So all I can really say to conclude is that
this film for me if not for you - SANK.
			

This is probably the worst film I have ever seen. The plot lacks
direction.
The film is too long. The acting is poor. It's too slow. It's pathetic.
However, all the girls I know love the film, they say its brilliant,
perfect, etc etc.My advice, if you are female, go watch it. If you male, do anything to
avoid
seeing it. Out of ten, I give it zero. But then thats from a male point of
view.....
			

Thank you, James Cameron. Your ego has truly created a film of such
mind-numbing tedium that can't even be taken seriously.This might have been a nicely entertaining film if it wasn't so self-aware
in it's epic scope. It has far too many villains... ALL of whom get there
Hollywood styled come-uppance in the final act. This makes the film muddled
and instead of showing the tragedy of the Titanic incident it just shows a
complete disregard for human life that is sickening.Also, I was offended by the way the romance completely overshadowed the
loss
of command and anarchy. That's what this film SHOULD have been... let it
not
be said that there isn't an intriguing sub-plot hidden away in here, which
is unfortunately just made ridiculous here by the fact that everyone seems
to be out to keep De Caprio (in a very mundane performance) and Winslet
apart.Cameron has the biggest ego in Hollywood and he has proven that with this
film. Ironically, this is also the largest grossing film of all time.
Basically this means that Cameron's ego is now so big... that any script
that comes near him will be devoured. All that I ask of him is that he
doesn't go near Alien 5.This is proof that Hollywood can't produce anything of worthwhile
substance.
The fact that the "general public" (as I call them) lapped this up like
hoards of mindless puppies almost destroys my faith in the world and hence
the potential audiences of true genius film-makers.Shame really.
			

The simple fact is that the lead characters are badly-written cliches
serving a formulaic story.  The rich/poor conflict is overdone, and not
believable (and the suffering of those below versus the comfort of those
above amid the chaos of the sinking ship an exaggeration of history at
best). Virtually every line spoken by the lead actors is wooden, false,
unbelievable; it is hard to judge the acting when the actors -- who have
shown considerable talent elsewhere -- are given such awful things to
say>  I do think Zane looks particularly bad here, but I'd give
everyone
a benefit-of-doubt due to the script.  The frame story is of course
ridiculous, but we could say the same thing about _Citizen Kane_; the
difference is that the latter film is beautifully photographed, superbly
acted,impressively composed, brilliantly edited, sophisiticated in its use
of sound, and extremely well-written.  _Titanic_ is most interesting when
it
shows us historical figures:  Kathy Bates' Molly Brown is impressive
(though
her intervention in the love story is utter nonsense, and again because it
is made up and badly so).  The engineer whose awareness of the fact that
there are not enough boats to save everyone is also interesting.  The
story
of the band playing on, whatever they may have actually played (there is
some debate), was handled in a fairly moving way.  There is a lovely shot
of
an elderly couple resting in each other's arms, awaiting the end; this too
echoes at least one such wealthy couple who chose to die together rather
than be separated amid the "women and children first" calls.  The ship's
demise looks impressive, and of course is welcome, given the excessive
length of the film.  But overall the film sinks in one-dimensional
characters spewing out one-dimensional lines(to even characterize some of
them as one-dimensional is charitable)over one-dimensional music.  The
_Terminator_ films and _Aliens_ are more believable and show more depth
(though if we'd listened carefully to Hamiliton's lines in the second T
film, we might have foreseen _Titanic_'s aesthetic failure).

			

I checked and I was right. This film did not win any American or British
Academy Awards for ACTING! (the main purpose for a film right?) It didn't
win any Golden Globes for acting either. The reason is simple. This film was
terrible. The writing was bad and the the performers were worse. For all the
awards this trash did win, nobody with any clout gave the actors anything.
Leo didn't even get a nomination! The ship sank, and people died because a
big company traded lives for profit. This story is nothing new and it has
been told many times before in much better films of the same
name.This is 3 plus hours of my life I will never get back.
			

I have waited three years to see this movie and finally obtained a video
for
2.  I'm glad I didn't invest more.  The acting from the leading pair is
as
awful as it can get.  The script is absolutely horrific.  Effects and
music
earn accolades as do some of the supporting cast.  The mystery is why was
this film so big a blockbuster?  Maybe with proper actors......
			

Waited as long as possible before watching this thing to let the public
fanfare fade away, then one night, fell exhausted on ye olde couch with
naught else to view... & phew...it was far worse even than expected. Where
to start? Acting? Where? Corny? Hey, Iowa aint got this much in a year.
Shallow? A nickel couldn't have sunk in this thing. One word summation?
EMBARRASSING. Ironic that Heavens Gate was same kind of film but beautifully
made & was an all-time disaster, whereas this pig was a big hit. Ah well,
god bless the new economy & remember PT Barnum.
			

Yeah, you heard me. The worst Star Trek movie ever made is more fun to watch
than this over rated piece of garbage. It is a disaster flick. Nothing more.
Acting is horrible, with exception of Billy Zane who is able to do a decent
job. The special effects are the only thing going for this film. I normally
enjoy movies from James Cameron (Aliens, Terminator) but I found this to be
horrible. And by the way, DiCaprio can't act and that's why he didn't get an
Oscar for this slop. Avoid this movie at all costs and go see with
entertainment value.
			

Okay, so why didn't they take advantage of the fact that Satan was on board the
ship.  Did he cause the iceberg to appear?  I mean that's who Billy Zane was
playing right?  The devil.  Because, after all, only Amon Goeth from
Schindler's List in recent history is more of a despicable character in a
movie.  He had absolutely no redeeming qualities which leads me to question
why a girl supposedly as smart and emancipated as Rose would have anything
at all to do with him. I just completely fail to understand the appeal of
this movie.  Stock characters, stock situation--2200 people on board the
ship and this was the best story Cameron could come up with??  The
effects were cheesy and then he throws in tearjerking scenes of people dying
that we never got to know as a way of making us feel sad.  You want to see a
really romantic movie?  Rent The English Patient.
			

Nice movie, superb directing, excellent effects, good enough acting(Kate was
OK, Leo is the best actor among those least talented beautiful people). An
empty script specially designed to show off its special effects. That sums up
the most overrated film in history. I will resist commenting on the
overplayed soundtrack.Love lovin schoolgirls and horny boys who enjoy goggling at Kate will
certainly adore it. The Oscar judges are probably retired businessmen who
know nothing about movies. Heard they rarely accept female
members(chauvinist they are) into the panel of Oscar judges. Thus they rate
Titanic as best pic, under pressure of their junior school
daughters.
			

The most impressive thing about Titanic is the awards, audiences, and money
that can be raked in by such a crummy movie.  Of course, Titanic does have truly incredible special effects and good
cinematography, but it seems as if Mr. Cameron said to himself, "I have a
trillion dollars worth of sinking ship special effects, now what can I do
to pad it out to 195 minutes?"  So he sat down for about 20 minutes and
wrote the story and the screenplay.  Unfortunately, the story takes much
longer to tell than it apparently did to write.The story is about first class passenger Little Girl Rose  trapped in a
young womans body and engaged to a wealthy ogre  and third class
passenger Little Boy Jack trapped in a young mans body, traveling the
world to draw pictures of nude bar prostitutes  who incredulously meet on
board the Titanic, fall almost immediately in lust, Little Boy Jack draws a
nude picture of Little Girl Rose,  the two have a romp in the back seat of
a car, the ship sinks.As pathetic as the story is, most of the other components of the film are
just as bad.  The dialogue is so contrived and sappy it seems like
something one would expect from a 50 cent paperback romance.  The music is
just as sappy, mostly orchestrated snippets of that wretched song by
Screamin Celine.  The acting:  it seems the actors realized the stupidity
of the dialog they were reciting and just wanted to get the heck out of
there.Finally, over an hour and a half into the movie, the ship hits the iceberg. 
In the next hour we have the only 30 minutes of the film worth seeing.  The
special effects are tremendous  its as if I was  actually aboard the
Titanic.  Unfortunately, by the time the film got to this point, I was so
bored out of my skull it was difficult to see this as anything but a bunch
of special effects.  Until then, there had been no emotional "hook" in the
film, so by the time it got to all the drama of the ship sinking and
desperate people panicking and trying to cling to their lives, there was
nothing to feel.The two really good things about Titanic are, after what seemed like seven
months in the theater, it finally ended, and once it comes out on video,
insomnia will be a thing of the past.

			
This may contain spoilers, although nothing I say could spoil any
further this utterly shoddy and offensive piece of junk anymore than
many of the comments already on this site. This films stinks from bow
to stern. The banal and predictable dialogue and plot are only matched
by its crass stupidity in the ludicrous national stereotyping. Jolly
"Oirish" down in steerage begorrah, moustache twirling English villains
and heroic Yanks (yawn). So far so predictable and in itself would make
for a comedically bad film. However I found the persistent national
stereotyping became more offensive as the film went on and came to head
as the boat(and the film) finally sank. I'm sure I wasn't the only one
hoping an albatross would drop something unpleasant on Kate Winslet as
she stood on the front of the ship in that buttock clenchingly corny
scene. The only thing I found moving was the bile in my stomach.
Unfortunately some gullible people will take this as a historical
document. It is not. Go and see "A night to Remember" instead.
			
Titanic, starring the obese Kate Winslet, is easily the worst film ever
made.Starring a fat, and spoiled rich girl, who should have jumped, and that
would have ended three hours of pure boring 90210 nonsense.There's nothing even remotely interesting here, fat girl likes slim guy
and falls for him.I don't even see why two guys would fight over such a chubby and
unattractive girl in the first place.This film, quite frankly bored me to tears, and the lines were
completely fake and laughable.Titanic, is quite simply, the worst film ever made.
			

I'm all for sappiness...however Titanic takes it too far, and raises a big
problem.The casting absolutely stunk, exception being Gloria Stuart.The plot was predictable.
The emotion just didn't set well.The Titanic is dead, leave it dead.

			
Titanic is absolutely not a worth-watching movie. In the film, Rose,
Caledon and Rose's mother went on board a so-called unsinkable ship
called Titanic. Accidentally, Jack Dawson and his friend won two
tickets of Titanic in a poker game. Rose and Jack loves each other at
one sight. However, after an accident, Jack died, leaving Rose alone.In this expensive film, the only wonderful thing is the sound effect.
That is quite exciting or breathtaking when ship is going to sink. The
sound can successfully build the suitable atmosphere.However, there are quite a lot of unfavorable things that make this
movie into a crap. Firstly, the time needed to watch this film is three
hours which is a long time. Most of the time are talking about two
teenagers dating. That's boring watching this. The only worth-watching
part is the sinking part. Therefore, this is absolutely a waste of time
and we can do a lot more meaningful things. Secondly, some parts in the
film are not sensible. For example, when the ship is sinking, there is
a band playing music. Are they celebrating the sink of the ship which
symbolizes the end of the movie? Also, Caledon Hockley is a nice man
before boarding the ship. However, when he saw Rose and Jack kissing,
he immediately became an evil. That's impossible. Lastly, the story is
quite strange. This story is going to tell us that love is everlasting
which can be realized from the song called "My Heart Will Go On".
However, Caledon in the movie loves Rose very much and died for it. In
contrast, Jack, a suddenly appear person, becomes a hero.In conclusion, I think that the film is dreadful in many ways including
the arrangement of the story line, the length and the meaning. If you
think that you have nothing else meaningful to do, I recommend you to
sleep instead of wasting time and money on watching this meaningless
movie.
			

Titanic opened on the day of birth, and my birthdays have
progressively gotten worse since that day. To me, Titanic presents
a myriad of raw anger and spite. I could bash this movie for years.
and my insults would never cease. From the improbable story line,
to the putrid acting performance by Leo has made this movie a
bane of existence.One would say I'm nothing but a bitter person, but such
insinuations could be further from the truth. If I had enough guts, I
would burn every last print in existence. No one is going to
remember this film except for the fact they spent 20 bucks to buy a
crummy movie which has spurned equally dull films of the same
formula (the Green Mile, Pearl Harbor, and many more to
come).I just have one big question for all of the idiots who voted for the
Academy Awards for the year 1997. What were you thinking?!! How
could you not choose L.A. Confidential or Good Will Hunting.
Another reason why the Oscars will always disappoint me. I will
say this: The Lord of the Rings opened on my birthday as well
(hopefully, the curse is broken)
			

Terrible.  Bad actors besides Kathy bates.  Way too overrated.  The worst
plot.  Just Urgh.  No stars.  0 out of 10.  Kathy Bates saved the movie.  I
can't believe it won al those Oscars. No way!  It won as much as Ben Hur and
Ben Hur was way better.
			
This movie has ABSOULUTLY nothing to do with the real Titanic. It's one
of the worst movies I've ever seen, and it made me cry thinking that I
would never get my three hours back. I feel bad for wasting my time on
this complete BORE of a film. It has too much romantic involvement,and
the acting is awful. Compared to The Loin King (which was one of the
BEST films I have had the pleasure of viewing) it would have kicked its
sappy butt. Everyone likes that stupid love story? But what about those
people who are SICK of hearing everyone yell, "I'm king of the world!"
when really, you're just an idiot who got overpaid to die at the end.
While so-and-so and whatshisface are running around making out with
each other and drawing pictures in the nude, we wait and wait for a
disaster to happen and finish off these two PATHEDIC excuses for
characters. Then Celine Dion breaks through with the worst song ever,
which makes you want to gouge your own eyes out and eat them. I danced
around my living room after seeing whatshisface drown, which is the
highlight of the entire crap-fest. In reality, this movie is for losers
who have crap love lives who wish they could get on a ship and meet
some guy who looks like Leonardo Dicaprio and enjoy bubble baths with
Harliquin romance novels. If this movie was made today, it would bomb.
Loin King (again, the best movie ever, I say this after watching them
both-one after another) would've won the Oscar, and this would be what
it is: A billion dollar waste. The members of the Academy must all be
single mothers (who are on Prozac) and thirteen-year old girls, for
this to win. All I can say is: America is a bunch of morons. This is
the worst movie ever. DO NOT watch it, DO NOT waste your time and be
like these people who love this movie. Pre-pubescent idiots. James
Cameron ripped me off. Only because I liked Jerry McGuire. YOU RIPPED
ME OFF, JAMES! I'M COMING FOR YOUR HIDE! Twenty burnt popcorns out of ten good ones.Notes: -"I'll never let go Jack." Opsie Daisy. I let go.-I like that part where Rose is trying to kill herself. I wish Jack
would've minded his own business.....-The sex scene sucks.-In reality, the upper class and the poverty stricken youth would not
have ever met, much less have a love story.-Aw. She changed her name at the end. THAT'S THE BEST YOU CAN DO!?! -I remember being seven and hating this.-Any movie that has two video cassettes will suck. (Example:
Braveheart.) -The Academy was smoking a lot of crack. So was the rest of America.
			

A tear jerking fiction based on a diaster, long on boring details with a
plot that any grade 1 student can write.
Complete with totally lousy acting, terrible screenplay and over rated
directing. Worst movie of the century. A MUST see movie if you have a
sleeping disorder.The money spent to make this movie could feed millions of starving
children.John Cameron maybe an okay director but cannot hold a candle to Robert
Wise.

			

how on earth this movie gets this all noise and fame ?it`s simple ..because ..it`s a silly love storyjust like " love " it self ..this movie is way too sloppy to be overratedi give it 1 ... stupid tai- tenet
			
Are there lesser films in execution and entertainment? Of course. But I
felt a "One" vote was deserved here for the overratedness of this movie
by box-office and awards. I think the Oscars should be embarrassed this
won all those Oscars, including Best Picture. As another commenter
pointed out, it is funny that such a bloated film won "Best Editing".
Honestly, this winning Best Picture would be like "Ghost" winning that
award: a popular, sappy movie with pretty leads.. Only this lacks the
actually humorous Whoopi...The "romance" is laughable. I like Winslet.
She has at least tried to steer clear of this type of stuff since.
Actually, mostly, so has DeCrapio...Malcolm X and Gandhi's lives: those
are worthy of three hours(plus) of film..NOT this "eternal
romance"..Some people are simply impressed by the sinking. I'm sorry,
but if there isn't one person on the ship I care about, the sinking
does not mean much to me. Spectacle? Try nature. Go watch a
volcano...BTW, I will say I think it is hilarious that people refer to
Winslet as a "cow" in this because she isn't an anorexic actress. I
honestly initially was perplexed whom they were even referring to,
because Bates isn't even all that fat. Like they wouldn't want Kate as
their girlfriend? Come on...I would certainly never want to see this
one again...The script fails to portray an "eternal love". Rather it
gives us a bit of lust. While it is believable Winslet doesn't want to
be permanently with Zane, why she has to be with Leo is not shown...I t
is encouraging that this is not in the IMDb Top 250...Perhaps the worst
film to ever win Best Picture.
			

I held off on viewing Titanic until it was let out on tape. I had heard
horror stories from friends and colleagues. They spoke of oceans of
tearfilled faces and groups of 12 year old girls singing along with that
god-awful Celine Dion song. So I dodged the theaters until a friend bought
the tape. Out of morbid curiosity to see this "epic" film, I borrowed the
tape, and sat down to watch it with her. My lord, it was the LONGEST
freakin' piece of schlock I have ever seen. As my friend began to sob after
the death of Leonardo, I got about as emotional as I do when I watch those
AT&T long-distance commercials. You know, the ones where a little boy in
L.A. talks to his daddy who is on a business trip in New York. And the boy
always tells his father, "I love you, daddy.", then the music cues to
pictures of the teary-eyed father. Well, I saw a parallel between the
commerical and movie Titanic. Both are contrived, blatantly staged, and
chocked full of cardboard characters. The film was a filthy attempt to
contort and force the emotions of the lowest common denominator. An striking
example of this film's attempt to grab people and literally wrench the tears
out of them come with the scene where the frozen, dead mother cradles her
frozen child in her arms. Had this scene been in any fillm where the
emotions were not completely artificial, I would have cried. But the fact is
that this film was devoid of any real, heart-felt emotion. So when I saw
this scene, I felt nauseous and grew full of spite. I now loathe Cameron for
his utterly plastic,  inhumane protrayal of the Titanic disaster. Yet it
appears he tapped a class of people bountiful enough to garner Titanic in
excess of 600 million dollars in the states alone. I never knew America was
so replete with people of such bad taste, people who would not only like,
but view repeatedly this sad excuse for cinema. I weeped after seeing
Titanic, but not do to its shoddy screenplay or horrifically unrealistic
acting and emotions. I weeped for America, and the death of American
filmmaking. I weeped knowing that such a film could garner accolades and
billions of dollars, and that this bounty would push studios to make bigger
films with smaller characters, crappy scripts and pretty faces devoid of
ability that would pack seats no matter the quality of the film. (Here comes
the TITANIC melodrama.) I could see a future where Coppola, Kubrick, and
Malick stood on the gallows, pleading to the masses, now anesthetised and
made prostrate by Springer and the numerous Titanic sequels. The directors
voiced there thoughts on the death of intellect in America, then the masses
let them hang as they chanted "Jerry! Jerry! Jerry!"Cue "My Heart Will Go On" and the sobbing girls.

			

I decided recently to give this one a viewing (against my better
judgment).
I thought that reducing one of the greatest maritime tragedies in history
to
an ill-conceived love story was in poor taste.
Previous reviews have said it all really. For a more realistic and
emotionally involving film about the Titanic see 'A Night to Remember'.
Why
do film-makers feel the need to 'spice up' events of such magnitude with
improbable plots??
Appalling stuff.
1/10.
			
Titanic is an awful movie. Why? Many reasons. Kate Winslet is a good
actress, however Leo and the rest of the cast is just pathetic. Second,
this tries and fails to be a period piece. Its not, there are too many
inaccuracies to even begin to go into, this is a Hollywood piece, not a
period movie. If you are an ignorant white suburban female, you'll cream your pants
for this movie because you are n ignorant white suburban female. The
ability of this movie to have that reaction makes it a stupid, terrible
film, not a good film. Titanic is a really awful movie. I wish James
Cameron and Kirk Cameron would get married.
			
Titanic, which is currently the biggest film of all time, (Why? is the
biggest question of them all!) definitely has divided moviegoers in the
last decade since it's release. Many women feel it is one of their
favorite films of all time with great special effects, and a lead that
they can relate to. Most men on the other hand, obviously feel very
differently than women do about this film.Many others, like myself, easily feel that James Cameron's Titanic is
easily the most overrated film in history with bloated, cheesy and
banal dialoge, two dull lead characters, and a storyline which cheapens
the tragedy of the sunken ship.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet play the star crossed lovers aboard
the doomed ship, while a supporting cast with Billy Zane, Kathy Bates,
Frances Fisher, and Bernard Hill do their best in trying to keep the
screenplay and Cameron's bloated dialoge from falling out of place.The visual effects, which looked decent at the time has not held up
well, there is a lot of pixelation of the ship itself, and the crash
sequence today looks like something out of a playstation video game.The dialoge also today does not hold up well, and many sequences such
as Rose holding up a middle finger does not support believability in
the least. Secondly, while the two leads are treading frozen water, both of them
would have died from hypothemia long before the ship itself sank to the
bottom.Third, Rose's character would have died even quicker floating on top of
the piece of wood since the ocean wind is actually much colder than the
water itself, not to mention the water on her body would have also
caused hypothemia as well. Why her character was one of the few
survivors is a puzzlement to credability of this film itself.This film will continue to divide moviegoers for many years, with many
of it's fans liking it, and those who despise and hate Titanic, will
also continue to do so.James Cameron had a great opportunity to explore the legacy of the
famed sunken ship, but instead by focusing on a teenage romance, with
banal dialoge, and two wooden leads, it definitely kills not only the
storyline, but the credability of this film as well.In my opinion, Titanic does not hold up well to stand the test of time,
and that is why it's easily the most overrated film in history in my
opinion. His last great film was 1991's T2, as both True Lies and
Titanic contained much of Cameron's famously banal dialoge and bloated
budgets.
			
When I was around 5, Titanic came out and my parents had seen it in
theaters and hated it. I, however found a big love for the movie, my
friends played Titanic on the playground, my friend owned the video and
I eventually saw it, well half of it since I wasn't ready for the
distress and peril. As I grew, I learned how cheesy, formulaic and just
plain god awful this movie was.To start off, I think that the scenery, costumes and sets are
magnificent, and some of the characters give life in their roles (The
man who played the Captain, Victor Garber and Kathy Bates) the rest,
however are just irritating and trying too hard to make their
performance stand out. And they do, just not in a good way. Kate
Winslet is just a snobby girl who obviously is misunderstood and wishes
her mother would listen to her, Leonardo Dicaprio is just a vile, poor
boy who seems an awful lot like a rude and bratty version of Tramp(Who
is from a rich girl meets poor boy story that works, "Lady and the
Tramp.") Billy Zane plays Rose's Fianc, Cal and uses an accent that
mocks the British as do most of the other supporting actors. Plus, Cal
is convinced that the ship is unsinkable, as is everyone, except Rose
who is "educated" (apparently knowing who Freud is makes her a smart
scholar.) But she's a girl! Why listen to her?! This Ship is
Unsinakble! It is she who notices that they're aren't enough lifeboats,
but is reassured once again by another man that the ship can't and
won't sink. Enoguh on that, let us talk about the main plot.Titanic was a ship that was to sail from Ireland to New York, we all
know that. But, it seems that the Director, James Cameron (Who is
usually a good director and who redeemed himself with Ghosts of the
Abyss.) does not know anything but that small fact, and that many Irish
people were in third class. The many wonderful stories about the ship,
not that the death of many people is a good thing, but that the tales
survivors have passed down about their voyage on the Titanic. If James
contacted the few still alive or read a book, he would maybe make this
film get two stars for researching the stories of the ships passengers.
Anyway, Rose is on the ship with her mother and fianc, but she is not
happy. Jack is a poor boy who wins tickets to the Titanic in a game of
poker and lives his life to its fullest. They meat while suicidal Rose
is about to jump and Jack won't let her. If this were the real world,
any chance that these two would meet, or that she would even come near
the third class deck would be very slim. So long story short, he saves
her from falling. While doing so, the police hear screams coming from
her and when they arrive, it appears that he is raping her. They arrest
Jack, but Rose says that he saved her and he goes scotch free. Then,
their bond begins.Already, within the first forty five minutes am I bored, waiting for
the ship to sink and not center around these two bratty kids who never
even existed, but the story makes them as big as the ship itself. So
these two become friends and Jack teaches Rose how to live a little,
which means he gets her to hock spit and dance at a drunken third class
party and escape the upper prestigious class. Soon Rose begins to
realize, Do I even love Cal? Is Jack the one for me? He understands her
and she understands him, unfortunately her mother disapproves of their
romance because he's poor and she's engaged. Rose then tries to end her
romance with Jack, but like every other romance movie she goes with the
man she just met and apparently the choice was right. They stand on the
edge of the ship and "fly," he draws her nude only wearing her necklace
Cal gave to her as an engagement present. If you have been living in a
cave or hopefully haven't heard of Titanic, these scenes are none as
its most memorable, as is their sex scene in the back of a car.
Luckily, the iceberg hits and all hell breaks loose. After Cal
insisting it won't sink it does! And nobody listen to Rose! Cal wants
her, but she says, "I'd rather be a whore then your wife." Soon enough,
Jack and Rose are together in the water all cold and near death, but
they can still churn out cinematic waste. While watching it, I found
their love being broken not as important as the many people dying right
next to them. And before you know it, Jack dies. It would be pretty
obvious because when a disaster occurs, one of the lovers is bound to
die. Eventually, selfish Rose is rescued and calls herself Rose Dawson,
which makes me laugh. She knows him for two days and then considers
their little unimportant romance like marriage, Please. The end is when
the diamond the explorers are searching for isn't found, Rose has it,
she dumps it over the edge and then meets Jack in heaven. There, I
saved you three hours of your life.Adding on to the boring love story, the music sounds like Enya half the
time and the rest like music you hear in a Nordstrom's store at the
mall(the theme is sung by sea wench Celene Dion another disaster for
the film). The script sounds like a dreary English paper using
vocabulary words I learned in seventh grade. At least it is when the
two lovebirds aren't screaming "Jack! Jack!" or "Rose!!" The star goes
to scenery, and it stays that way.
			

I have never seen a more over-rated film.  The special effects were very
good and the non-fiction part of the movie was all solid, but the rest of
the story was so contrived.  The lead acting was pitiful and not credible
in
the least.  I don't understand how anybody would ever want to sit through
the full three hours of this movie more than once.
			

This was arguably the most over-hyped movie of all time. Some of the
special
effects were great, but others looked extremely amateur
indeed.
The dialogue was full of cliches and the plot was so predictable. Yeah, I
know we all knew the ship was going to sink, but even the love story plot
was like a Barbara Cartland novel.
Kate Winslet looked great, but my only thoughts in the final scenes were
that I wished Leonardo DiCaprio's character would hurry up and die, so the
torture could end more quickly.Blech!
			

Perhaps this was a good movie, as so many seem to think. I would tend to
disagree. James Cameron, for whatever good qualities he may have, is not
an
Oscar-caliber director. The script was shoddy (Proper girl runs away from
her betrothed and gets dirty with a street urchin. Street urchin is
properly
glorified and the betrothed vilified), and the acting was subpar (the only
character I actually liked was the ship's designer). That leaves this
movie
with what every other James Cameron flick has: special effects.
Unfortunately, they're not great enough to redeem the three hours plus
this
movie takes to endure.  I was looking at my watch more than the screen
when
I first saw it, and I'd point anyone who wants to see this movie to films
that deserved an Oscar but didn't receive one due to the Academy's buying
the hype.
			
I cannot for the love of God, believe how extremely OVERRATED James 
Cameron's pile of garbage known as Titanic is! This film, which should 
have been about the actual sinking of the great luxary ship Titanic, 
instead relies on a 90210 idiotic love story to "carry" the picture 
through. IF the two main characters had been interesting, it might have 
been a better picture, but, alas, the two leads, Jack Dawson, and Rose 
Bukater are about as interesting as watching paint dry. Rose isn't 
suffering from oppression, she's suffering from SPOILED BRAT syndrome! 
Jack comes along like a teenage pretty boy rather than a compelling 
character that the audience relates to.

The film does have a few assets such as costume design, and some of the 
special effects are pretty good. However, it's the whole script and 
it's 90210 meets the Titanic setting that makes this the most OVERRATED 
film in the history of motion pictures! This film grossed $600 million 
in the United States?!?! James Cameron must have put mind altering 
drugs into the prints of the film to hypnotize movie audiences and 
academy members who gave this stinker Best Picture of 1997 over the 
great L.A. Confidential.

One on a scale of 1-10. Great costumes and special effects cannot make 
up for a ridiculous screenplay and dull leads. Want a great motion 
picture try L.A. Confidential, or Citizen Kane instead!
			

I, like many people, saw this film in the theatre when it first came out
in
'97. It was a below average film at best, defiantly not the "masterpiece"
that all these "Titanic" fanboys like to make it out as. First off,
DiCaprio
is a terrible actor no matter which way you look at it. People just like
him
because of his looks. His acting "skills" essentially consist of saying a
lot of cheesy lines and trying to act sexy. Second, the film itself had a
rather boring and simple plot: girl falls in love with guy, ship they're
on
sinks, lots of crappy love scenes thereafter. Anyone with an IQ above 50
will realize this isn't ingenious in any way whatsoever. Nor is it
original.
Plus the director felt the need to drag it out for 3+ hours. I could
compress it into a 1 hour block without losing any of the plot. In
conclusion, "Titanic" is the most overrated movie to date. Why it got so
much attention and money is beyond me.
			

This is an excellent movie if you are trying to go to sleep.  The real
ship
took much less than three hours to sink.  Why suffer through over three
and
a half in a remake.  The movie travels slow and seems to take forever to
get
to the next scene.  So much of the dialoge has nothing to do with the plot
line of the movie, and the rest of it just repeats what the audience
already
knows.  The love story is very typical of every movie and offers no
difference to any other love story out of Hollywood these days.  It has a
very cookie cutter story line.  As for the acting of DiCaprio, if his
character was supposed to be so sappy and pathetic you just wanted to pull
him out of the movie and give him a good flogging, then he did a wonderful
job.  However, I seriously doubt that it was intentional in any
way.
			

OK, seriously, this film chews.BlandBoorishStaleDullEffortlessSkip it. See a decent film instead.Just brutal.And clearly the moment in time when Leo jumped the shark.On the other hand . . .the film could be used to torture prisoners of war.Always a silver lining.

			
I saw this movie twice.  I'll admit that.  However I got over the whole
thing.  The dialogue is too 90's, the acting good but not Oscar caliber. 
The main thing that makes this movie are the fx, atmosphere, and set
decoration.  Other than that this movie doesn't really have that much to
offer.  Why didn't LA Confidential win best picture?  Also, doesn't James
Horner's score sound recycled from Braveheart?  This movie is not as great
as 15 year old girls make it out to be.
			
I see people writing about how great this movie was. It was horrible!
The acting was sub-par at best. It made a lot of money because teenage
girls went to see the movie 7 times in the theaters because of
Leonardo. Where the hell did they get the money? Anyway, I wanted to
learn more about the Titanic; why it sank, what was running through a
lot of people's minds; maybe even a little conspiracy stuff. Does
anyone realize that certain people didn't even board the ship because
there was a fire on board before it even took off? No, you don't
because all you see is a rich girl falling for a poor boy and he paints
her naked (did that corny junk at least tip you off that the movie was
stupid?).I did cry in during one scene, though. The scene when they showed the
water that was filling up in the ship. It looked like pool water! I'm
thinking this movie made all this money and they couldn't even make the
water from the ocean look real? unbelievable...Ohhh the band played on while the ship sank.. Just ridiculous. This was
the worst movie until Pearl Harbor outdid it in the "Nothing to Do With
Reality" department.
			
so This is the Master Of Film-making James Cameron yep he's back when
you hear about a Titanic movie I would think it would be around 80
minutes but we have a 2 hour plus running time with an old woman
telling about Titanic. Does everything seriously have to be
melodramatic this is honestly the least we actually care about the
characters when they are dying than Michael Bay movies (and based on
the script they're easily mistakable) yes you read that right James
Cameron can make an abomination OK the plot: we have Jack and Rose
they're very different people and they're on Titanic they start seeing
each other and then the iceberg hits and it sinks OK now with that
anyone can type up a 1 hour script with the same story but what we
actually have is 3 hours the Iceberg doesn't come on until the 2 hour
mark (*oh what a pity*) we have characters which you'd be bored with
them by the hour mark OK Flaws: how exactly did the lifeboat return and
if someone can answer this then why did it come back? for Rose? is that
it? now the music score I'm actually surprise the soundtrack was more
than "my Heart will go on" now with these people digging up Titanic we
have an 85 year old survivor telling the story in excruciating detail
now I know how the kids from How I Met Your Mother feel but this is all
melodramatic How I Met Your Mother is not so you actually care about
the characters in some fictional show rather than this abomination
people call filmIf you want a good version to "My Heart Will Go On" try the rock
version it might serve good places in this movie.
			
I find it so hard to believe that this film has done so well. The film
shattered the box office within a week, and only Spiderman thus far has
even been able to come close. The film Forrest Gump had brought in the
most with over 300 million until this film came out. When you look at
the list for highest grossing films now, Titanic shattered the numbers
of Gump! This film is about a sinking ship and how there was only a few
soul survivors. I mean come on!! There have been many great movies in
this span of time but when you look at the numbers it kind of surprises
you a little bit. The film was made by a brilliant director, and a
wonderful cast, and won many awards. Within the first couple of weeks
reached over 300 million which really is amazing. Still I wonder why
own earth that this film did so well! Now in my opinion I do not really
like Winslet or DiCaprio (aside from films like Departed) I will say
that they worked very well, in this film. Another thing is the length
of this film. The film is very long and winding. Did you really sit
through this whole film when it was in the theaters? Again this is my
opinion but personally I really had no interest when this film came out
and had no interest in seeing it. I thought the original film is
better, not what you see today. All of the special effects, graphics,
etc. etc. I just find it so hard to believe that this film did so well,
and no other film has been able to surpass it. Now when you look at
other lists for movie production companies you will see that movies
such as Star Wars, Pirates, Shrek 3, come to mind. This film really
brought in a lot of money and in todays standards when so many films
are losing their shirts this one must have its own special touch. Give
me feedback. Thanks!
			
So much money spent for nothing. There's nothing special about that piece
of
crap. Nothing innovative, nothing really interesting. Plain, old,
stupid-as-hell, trivial, boring love story. A well-tested money-collecting
formula, product in a shiny package. Nothing else.
Shame on James Cameron for bringing such a mess into the world.What did you people see here that is worth 600 mln. dolars?
0/10
...and remember people the phrase "I shop therefore I am." That's all this
movie is about. 
			

******SPOILER ALERT!!!!*****SPOILER ALERT!!!!****"The greatest epic ever", "The love story of the century"....Blaa Blaa
blaa.Titanic is completely overrated film from James "The Terminator" Cameron.
It
tells the love story of Rose and Jack, whose love is doomed (yep, you've
guessed it) because they are from different social classes (who hard was
that to guess..). They still try to make it happen and their hearts will go
on for too long. You just wish that the legendary iceberg would hit the
damn
boat so you don't have to hear this everlasting dialogue (which has nothing
to do with sex as you might think of it's simplicity):-Jack!-Rose!-Jack!-Rose!The film doesn't completely stink, only the most of it. The love story is
as fascinating as toilet paper after rain.In few words: overdramatic, overrated.
			

I can't understand why this movie is so big. Was the American public
asking
itself "Well I love cliched tragic love stories, and I love cliched
stories
with lots of WATER in them, why can't they combine the cliches of tragic
love and water into one bloated, overblown blockbuster?"I myself never pondered this question, and thus I did not enjoy Titanic.

			

this is an extremely trite, and boring movie. the acting was much too
melodramatic, and although it had astounding special effects, i can not
believe that they marketed it so much to the point where there was no
escaping from it. the terrible marketing, made a bad movie worse, and i
have
only seen it once, jan 11, 2000 it was my first --and last-- time watching
a
movie where i sit through 3 hours of bad acting and then watch the boat
sink. terrible and highly over-rated.
			

If you like really, really bad acting, then this enormously boring film is
just the film for you! The plot is tedious and obvious. The film technique
makes it difficult to tell what the special effects are - this is achieved
by making everything look as if it is a badly executed special effect. You
could cut two and a half hours from this film and, though it still wouldn't
be any good, it would be a lot less bad.
			

Bloated, syrupy disappointment.  Even the special effects were bad.  It was
painfully obvious every time they "went digital".  Took me right out of the
movie each time.  Watching little digitized people fall down the
screen....what entertainment.  I rather play "Pong".
			
Okay, I really don't understand what teenage girls see in this awful
movie anyway.First of all, Rose, is nothing more than an overweight, selfish,
insecure, suicidal bratty girl looking for attention.She is engaged to a proper gentlemen, Cal, who is wealthy, and can save
Rose's family.Instead of thinking about her family. Rose becomes selfish, and
undresses for a penniless artist, Jack.I really don't see what all the fuss is about.Cal was right to slap her in the face!The movie is completely awful, there really isn't any point to this
nonsense.I was hoping that Rose would have jumped off of the ship, that why the
audience wouldn't have to endure three hours of her constant whining.This movie is just plain terrible! Even though I saw it on television,
that's three hours I'll never get back! Overrated, and pretentious. I
didn't care one bit about anyone on the dreaded Titanic. Skip and find
a much better movie than this turkey!
			
I've given the movie Titanic a few chances as a movie I should watch as
a lot of people keep telling me that it's a good movie. But no matter
how many times, I always manage to leave the couch and find something
else to do, or fall asleep, or this one time I forced myself to keep
watching, I had this inexplicable feeling of nausea as I watched. It
has failed to keep my eyes glued to the screen as a movie lover.Good acting IMHO, I like the attention on scenic details, nice effects,
it's got a lot of aspects that's supposed to make a movie successful
(and I suppose these aspects had served their purpose), but the story
and characterization are just... corny, and I get the feeling it's
already been done for years and years. To be honest, it's like a
romantic (corny) sexual fantasy of a curious teenage virgin from some
decade ago with a grandeur setting. Not that I have anything against
that turned into a movie, but why bother? The theme wasn't "Titanic" to
me. The theme was "Jack n Rose's Tragic Love on
whats-it-big-cruise-ship-that-sank"Boring. I can "fantasize" something better. But at least somebody
managed to make a movie out of it and made money, while I've never made
any movie, so what do I know, huh? Well, at least all I know is that
this movie just didn't impress me, and to top it off... What the heck
is Celine Dion doing, singing that corny sappy hopeless romantic
(emphasize on hopeless) theme song?They really tried hard to be "titanic" I suppose, that in my eyes, they
end up the same as Titanic. *crack... *bye bye
			
First of all, with a name like Titanic, you would expect there to be a
lot of titties. But there were only about 3 or 4! And we're talking
about a 3 hour movie. So 1 tittie per hour is not good. I don't know
what this movie was about...maybe a ship or something. But if this
movie was about a ship that sank, why didn't they just call this movie
"The Ship that Sank and caused Everybody To Drown or Get Frozen"
Titanic? This movie should have been called "Titless-anic!" If I wanted
to see a religious film, I would just go fall asleep at church like I
usually do! The only good part was that very feminine lady actress who
played Jack Dawson.
			

This movie is complete rubbish. It is two hours too long and it has
terrible
acting in it. The ship was the only thing really impressive and Kate
winsletts boobs. But Leonardo Dicaprio was totally miscasted for the movie.
The love story is pathetic. The sinking of the boat is also quite
impressive. But Pearl Harbor has much better effects than this. This movie
stole a whole bunch of academy awards.
			
This is it...the Film that Made Leonardo a household name. As well as
typecast him as a 'heart throb' for the past 8 years.This is the film that made over a billion dollars....and sent Director
James Cameron into a self imposed underwater exile...mainly because
after 'Aliens' and 'The Terminator' I'm sure all he was asked for by
the Studios was 'Titanic II' for the past 8 years.This is the film that gave us the Celene Dion Song that makes us groan
inwardly every time we hear it.And this is the film that has give us a whole new batch of clichs --
from the pair of lovers at the 'bow' of the ship to the love story over
a necklace (lampooned perfectly on a episode of Futurama) -- this film
hasn't stood the test of time, and frankly, never will.Is it entertaining? Maybe, if you can get past the sappy romance and
the annoying acting.The 'true' story of Titanic -- characters like Kathy Bates as the
'unsinkable' Molly Brown -- aren't covered enough in this film, they
are just there to frame a 'love' story between the irish boy in
steerage and the high class girl he woo's with his talent. aw how
sweet.No, this film was the embodiment of every 'chick flick' clich wrapped
up with a bow and a celene dion song, and sent to us the film audience.
When films of the late 90's are remembered...Titanic will be included
for all the money it made, but for movies that really AFFECTED people?
(other than being a tear jerker); Its at the bottom of the list.
			
I've just had the evidence that confirmed my suspicions. A bunch of
kids, 14 to 22 put on the DVD of "Titanic" on a fantastic state of the
art mega screen home entertainment type deal. Only two of them had
actually seen it before. But they all had seen the moment of Kate, Leo
and Celine Dion so many times that most of them felt they had seen the
whole movie. Shortly after the epic started, they started to get
restless, some of them left asking the others -- "call us when the
iceberg appears" Over an hour and a half into the movie, only the two
girls who had seen the movie before, were still there. They started
shouting: iceberg, iceberg. A stampede followed, they all came back to
see the sinking of the Titanic. They sat open mouthed, emitting Ohs and
far outs. So, just like I thought when the movie first burst into the
scene. What is this? One and a half hours waiting for the bloody thing
to sink but what about the rest of the of it. Dr. Zivagho, for
instance, had a similar running time, but think how much takes place in
that film within the same period of time. In "Titanic" Leo teaches Kate
how to spit. Look at the faces and hands of the, supposedly, creme de
la creme in the first class dining room of the ship. Look at the
historical details, if you can find them. The storyline is so thin that
they have to introduce guns and shootings in a ship that is about to
sink. The real sinking here is of film standards. All the efforts are
focus on special effects and opening week ends. The film went on to
become the highest grossing movie of all time so, what do I know?
			

Best film ever, most certainly not. Best film of 1997, again not in with a
chance. I have to report that while watching "Titanic" I found myself being
totally bored by the stereotypical charecters, i.e Snobbish English,
Battleaxe American. Cameron has also reeled out loads of cliches and made
them 10 times more boring. There is also an undertone of class struggle
which is direly executed. As for "Titanic" being called a love story, that
could never be said as there was no chemistry between the two leads and to
me no feelings of love came across (James try watching other Oscar nominee
As Good As It Gets for a decent love story). As for the tragedy that was
Titanic in the film I did not feel as though the tragedy was fully put
across and I left actually feeling numb from this glamourised dross. How
this truly terrible film managed to get the Best Film Oscar is beyond me (As
Good As It Gets a much better and beautiful film) and how Cameron got the
Best Director award is unbelievable although is unsurprising when people
like Martin Scorsese do not get an Oscar for films such as Raging Bull, 
Goodfellas and Mean Streets.   
			

Too bad about the cheesy special effects- at least the storyline and
acting
were good. I firmly believe this film winning best film is the most unjust
occurrence at the academy awards, along with CITIZEN KANE not winning best
picture, and Marlon Brando for best actor in A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE. The
screenplay and the acting are the most important aspects of any film, and
since Titanic was deficient in both areas it should not have received the
honour of best film. Granted, the special effects are wonderous and should
be honoured, but as a whole the film was not a masterpiece, it did not
inspire, and they took far too long to die. There were far better films in
1997, due to their superior screenplay and acting talent, but they were
snubbed because of this. It really makes one question the credibility of
the
academy. 
			

I saw this film at a friend's house, expecting a nice flick. But I was
wrong. Titanic, in my opinion, didn't deserve all the acclaim it's been
given. It would have made an okay movie, but the cliche's were heavy enough
to sink the ship even if it hadn't hit the iceberg. Chances are, the reason
this film was so successful is because it crudely slams together all the
various concepts that other successful films have used. They include #1:
Romance between rich and poor, #2: Stuffy rich folk, happy, free poor folk.
#3: An adventurer, world-travelling lead male character. #4: A husband-to-be
for the main male character's romance, with a tendency to be abusive. #5: A
historical setting. #6: The romance genre done very sappily. #7: Attempts at
making the audience cry by showing scenes of various tragedy in case the
sappy romance plot fails to make one cry, so that people will call it
touching. The list goes on and on, but unlike so many others, I'm afraid
I'll have to chuck this entire film and all it's content in the "It's been
done." area. If you LIKE seeing concepts all mashed together with little
subtlety, however, this film's your ticket to enjoyment. A foul
movie.
			
I remember the hype surrounding this movie and coming from the same
part of the world where the titanic was built I thought this will be
great. Well I watched this on video and was stunned' take a historical
disaster and turn it into a romance novel' lol james Cameron has
arrived. Its a real shame because I really liked the terminator' but
that was when he was broke and visual effects were in its infancy the
irony is the more money he makes the worse the movie and its not like
this was a one off' it spawned other historical disasters like pearl
harbour which was a titanic rip off. But the main problem for me was
the whole movie surrounds the three main characters and everyone else
on the ship was just window dressing and I like a lot of other guys
couldn't wait until the ship sank. The only good thing I have to say is
it made a big star out of dicaprio, and he has went on to bigger and
better things. So this movie was a real bummer for me and a lot of
others i'm sure.
			

I was one of the "few" who didn't see Titanic in the theaters. I am not sure
why. I am a big fan of James Cameron movies. Having enjoyed Aliens, The
Abyss and The Terminator movies, I really thought I would enjoy Titanic.
First of all, I really admired the set design and the special effects. Those
alone really made the movie for me. I felt the acting was sub-par compared
to most Cameron movies and the dialogue was very dull at times. The sub
plots didn't interest me at all. Also, why was the movie given a PG-13
rating? One of the sub plots was about nude drawings and showing someone
nude while they are being drawn? Couldn't they have come up with something
more family oriented than a nude drawing recovered? Call me old fashioned, but
I can't understand why this movie made so much money and it contained nude
scenes? I wanted to see a movie that dealt with the events leading up to the
wreck and didn't expect those scenes plus pre-marital sex! I am not sure how
much of the film was the truth and what was embellished? I know it seems
like I am hung up on this, but it took me off guard. To continue, I felt
that the sinking scenes were well done and it continues to show how much
"disaster" realism that James Cameron likes to include in his movies. Make
your own mind up, but I felt that Titanic could have been a little better
than it was! 
			
"Titanic" is a prescient portent of things to come, a metaphor of human
conceit.We are all passengers on the Titanic, oblivious to our fate, our planet
a wreck, most of us doomed to die on the iceberg of climate change.
Exactly when and where disaster will strike, no one knows for sure. But
somewhere an iceberg is lurking in the dark with our name on it.The most cruel part of our fate is we have a James Cameron-class writer
and director running the show. The story is bogged down and going
nowhere. People are losing interest fast and falling asleep as the
movie rolls.The ship we call HMS Planet Earth is doomed, but no one seems to care,
just like the audience in Titanic. And, like the Titanic, there are not enough lifeboats. A whole lotta
people are gonna die when the clathrate gun goes off. The good news is
that there won't many icebergs left, eventually.
			
This film really does smell of cheese. Before I describe the
overpowering smell of cheese i must point out a few things... First I
watched it for the first time in 2006, but maybe that only let the
cheese mature. Secondly I watched it in Russia which subsequently meant
that it was dubbed. But before i am attacked by fans for bothering to
write an opinion about it even though i saw a dubbed version of it,
which obviously spoils any movie good or bad, i have to say this time i
was glad that a film was dubbed. I understood the translation and was
glad to be spared hearing the ridiculous script from the actors, which
could of made it unbearable but the dubbing at least made it comical.It is a typical love story that could be used in any film situation,
but this time it exploited the titanic's tragedy. I am not knocking any
romance films or anything and appreciate that it is an extremely
popular genre. But is came across as so basic and predictable i wished
it was in the hands of David Lynch or Ken Russell, to "liven" things up
a little.The sinking of the ship was the best bit, and kind of exciting too, but
with that amount of money you could probably make a film about pulling
the bath plug out your bath and make it look epic. However even the
actual sinking, dieing and drowning had the sugar coated Hollywood
feel. Which came across in casting and acting too, but i won't even go
there. Back to the cheese factor, the ICING on the cake (sorry) was the
sound track. Celine Dion whatever you do and however you do it, you
just stink.To rate this movie I will give it three out of ten. Why? Firstly
because DiCaprio dies, nice touch. Though i do acknowledge that he is a
good actor most of the time its just the films character. Secondly
because Kate Winslet is so fine, with or without her clothes on. If
fact her outfits though out the film are excellent. Third point goes to
the absurd amount of money spent on the sinking bit which subsequently
made me think for the first time about how truly horrific it must of
actually been in real life, which was considerably worse than what we
see in this easy to watch catastrophe. However we have to go minus a
point because of the truly pathetic modern day tear jerker grandma
spills her heart out bits. Boo hoo.
			

Yes, I said it. George of the Jungle: The Sequel. Piecing this 
movie apart, what you have is the Brendan Frasier version of the 
old television series. Taking away the sinking of the ship 
(which James Cameron truly did backstage), analyze what is left. 
You have a rich girl engaged to a rich man with whom she does 
not wish to marry. That girl, our heroine, falls in love with 
the hero, who happens to be of a lesser social status. The 
heroin's mother wishes for her daughter to marry the rich 
fiance only for her own good, and tries to convince her 
daughter not to marry the hero. The evil fiance continues to 
try to kill our hero. What happens, in spirit, at least, the 
hero and the heroine end up together. Sure, Jack dies in 
Titanic, but that is truly the only difference between t 
plots.George of the Jungle is by no means a better movie. I didn'
like either of them. However, if you want to spend half the time 
in front of the screen, pass over Titanic and go for George.
			

Titanic features one of the worst screenplays ever perpetrated on the
moviegoing public.  Unbelievable one-dimensional characters (is the Billy
Zane character a joke or what?), banal dialogue, and not an ounce of
believable romance in the love scenes.  I found myself bored and waiting
for
people to die.  Titanic plays like a dark version of the Love Boat.  How
can
the Academy award it "Best Picture" when it didn't even receive a best
screenplay award?  And when Kenneth Turan of the L.A. Times pointed out
how
poor the screenplay was, James Cameron threw an infantile tantrum and
tried
to get Turan fired.   Decades from now, Hollywood will be embarrassed that
they ever honored this live-action cartoon.  But hey, until then, the
special effects were nice.
			

Right off the bat, I'd like to say that in general, I think that three
hour long movies have a tendency to repeat certain parts of its plot over
and over to reach its intended length( See, The Thin Red Line) However,
Titanic's producer and director James Cameron managed to do a noteworthy job
of avoiding this snag. Unfortunately he made a bad movie in the process.
Kate Winslet did a formidable job, excuse the phrase, of trying to keep
Titanic afloat. Her efforts were hampered by her thoroughly unbelievable
lover Jack Dawson (DiCaprio). His "poor boy" image was hampered by his
less-than-rugged good looks. For a troubled kid who is supposed to lead a
rough life, he hardly looks the part. Hollywood's traditional technique of
making a male look more 'rough around the edges' (smearing a little mud on
their cheeks and tussling the hair) fails miserably on DiCaprio, mainly due
to his flawless face and hair. After two minutes of standing in the mist of
the bow of the Titanic, he looks frustratingly like the Leo we see walking
around town. The film tends to drag on when it could have been accomplished
in little over two hours. By the time the film is over, the fact that the
movie is longer than it took the actual boat to sink seems much more
believable.
			

The never-ending story, or, how to take Roy Ward Baker's film on the subject
and remaking it without fantasy but with lots of money. A real insult for
the viewer's intelligence and for the victims of this tragedy. One of those
cases, like Gone with the Wind, in which masses of people are taken for
inexplicable reasons in the absent vision of a narcissistic director. Two
hour and a half of absolute boredom, rescued by the wonderful sinking. The
script seems to be done by a 12 year old kid: maybe that's the reason why
kids loved it that much. Besides, Kate Winslet is too old looking for
plausibly falling in love with a spoiled brat like Di Caprio appears to be,
no matter how he's dressed (he never, ever ever seems like the charming
artist vagrant he declares to be). Mr. Cameron, you're a damned lucky guy,
but I preferred you when you did Terminator! 
			

It's a shame.  If Leo and Kate had given better performances (especially
Leo) this would have been a decent movie.  It certainly benefitted from
great cinematography, good direction, and awesome special effects.  All it
lacked was good acting and a decent story.  Sorry girls, but Leo really
is a crappy actor, no matter how good he looks.  If they had gotten someone
good, like Tim Robbins or Tom Hanks to play the part, my 3 hours watching
this film would have been much more enjoyable.
			

James Cameron's Titanic was one of the most eye-pleasing films I have
ever seen. The effects were wonderful and the actors were pleasing to the
eye. The main problem was the script, which I found to be trite. Some of
the
writing was so horrible that it ruined the movie. This movie could have
been
silent and have been four times as good.

			

Without doubt, the worst movie ever to win the Oscar for Best Picture.  A
ghastly script, which, feeble-minded and cliche-ridden as it is, proved far
beyond the infantile acting ability of the stars left one rooting for the
one real hero--that vast block of ice that sank the ship and took us all out
of our misery.  The music is bad, the plot is absurd, the much vaunted
realism in recreating the boat was done just as well forty years ago (in A
Night to Remember); this is just further proof that the ability of audiences
to see movies has deteriorated due perhaps to a combination of food
additives and computer graphics.  It's not even bad enough to be funny; it's
just flat out bad. 
			
...but ergh! Too frilly and mushy for me, I must stress that me, ,for me! I
have been interested in the Titanic ever since I was a young boy, but
everyone skitted me for it and said it was sad. But now, it is the only
thing to talk about, and if you have not seen it you are some kind of pariah
and freak. The special effects were the best we can do at this time (Wait
'till you see Star Wars though!) and the acting was OK, but the story was a
disgrace. Portraying the ship's first officer as a murderous villain is a
travesty! He was actually one of the few crew members who knew what
was going on after the captain went barmy. The mass of hype is a bit
sickening and people going to see it 13 times or more need help, the most I
have watched a movie is 25 times and that's over a period of 14 years! A
good try, but not deserving of all the Oscars it received. I come from
Liverpool, where the Titanic was registered, and I know that this great ship
holds a special place in many Scouser's hearts, but let's have a film that
tells the truth!
			

Probably the worst movie I've ever seen... after Death Stalker and Beyond
The Door-2... and all the world goes bonkers about it?! Spielberg's Titanic
is a very good movie for it has both the remarkable plot and superb actor's
performance (due to limited space I won't go into comparison of these two
movies further although I'd love to). I can't say the same about Cameron's
so-called "masterpiece". Firstly, it's foundation, the raising of the safe
and restoration of the drawing, is pretty shaky for pronounced absence of
credibility. Any expert would confirm that a piece of paper (not even a
photograph) exposed to sea water for 84 (?!) years can not remain undamaged
(after the seaweeds were cleaned off its surface).Secondly, it is my understanding that each shot has to make sense. Here the
camera fixes on captain's cup with a lemon slice in it and... nothing
happens. Let alone floating plates (when the water floods the kitchen);
everyone knows that porcelain sinks. It appears that after spending 300 mln
to build the true-size model of Titanic Cameron didn't have any money left
to buy expensive crockery, that's why stacks of cheap thick plates fall from
shelves and break.Besides above technical blunders which went unnoticed by rapturous audience,
the plot leaves much to be desired, let alone striking age (and weight)
difference between Winslet and DiCaprio. Apparently, Cameron lacked dramatic
material; his characters talk and behave as if they lived nowadays. I really
doubt that at the beginning of the century anyone expressed his agitation
and excitement the way DiCaprio's character, Jack did aboard Titanic. It's
also unclear from where DiCaprio's character got a tuxedo. I didn't see him
borrowing it from the laundry.Naturally, neither DiCaprio no Winslet received Oscar for their apology for
actor's art. It's beyond my understanding how with all this Titanic received
more Oscars than Gone With The Wind, as if unmatched performance of
Lee-Gable duet can be bracketed with Winslet-DiCaprio's feeble attempts to
act. Faces of actors playing lovers are lit up, their voices and gestures
express their feelings. Here we see spiritless and non-expressive mugs. So
where is Romeo and Juliet aboard Titanic, what should apprise the audience
of their love? That they copulate on the back seat of the car? It's worthy
of note that they do it quickly and without long verbal preludes, just like
in modern America. This must be the explanation why Titanic became
box-office hit of all times; the characters don't perform any epics of
heroism or demonstrate superhuman physical or moral traits. Girls come to
the movies with their boyfriends, watch Winslet and DiCaprio and think:
"Just like you and me!" (I'm talking about the back seat of the car).
Phenomenal success of Titanic might be of interest for psychiatrists as
another mass hysteria. Or indication of love is that the characters spit
overboard? Incidentally this episode is the only one where Winslet and
DiCaprio succeeded, for it didn't require any actor's art.It should be also mentioned that in the scenes shot at the main hall with a
staircase, while the main characters rush about in panic, extras in
life-vests playing passengers just stand and chat peacefully; this is a
crying nonsense under given circumstances. Rose's action when all of a
sudden she runs out like mad and jumps overboard looks absolutely
unmotivated. I'm also curious as to how Jack and Rose can run up to neck in
freezing water and even dive, although it's known that a human can't last in
a +2o C water longer than 10 minutes. Much later, as if he just remembered
that he's an ordinary mortal, Jack suddenly froze and drowned, yet he had
time for a sentimental goodbye to squeeze tears out of the sensitive
audience.When a real natural calamity takes place people don't have time for
melodramatic speeches and oaths; once they lost each other in panic-stricken
crowd, they only find dead bodies of their beloved ones at the end. Only
cancerous have enough time to bid farewell to their relatives.I must be a bad spectator for despite hundreds of millions of dollars
invested in Titanic not a single teardrop welled up in my eyes. Feelings,
emotions, and sympathy can not be purchased. You can't force yourself to
worry when the plot is transparent, actor's art is none, the dialogues are
banal and not a single phrase is remarkable. By no means I'm insensible, I
worried about Thelma and Louise and cried at the end when their car flies
off the precipice. Even Terminator lowering himself in melted metal or Rambo
sobbing on Colonel's shoulder provoke more sympathy than all the characters
in Titanic.Obviously, this year's Academy Awards ceremony's motto was "To catch up with
and pass Ben-Gur". In its aspiration to give all the possible awards to
Titanic the Academy came to an amusing incident: "extracted from
naphthalene" Gloria Stuart, who only takes 10 minutes of screen time, was
nominated for Oscar and, what is the most ludicrous, seriously hoped to
receive the cherished statuette!As was to be expected, Titanic received all the awards except for the main
parts. It is incomprehensible how can Titanic be a best movie of the year if
none of the actors received Oscar? Actor's art is the very component that
makes a movie. Then what's so good about Titanic? The question hangs in
mid-air. The Academy judges, all together singing a laudatory ode to Titanic
and extolling the director, James Cameron, didn't give attention to other,
not less worthy of note, movies. Remarkably melodious song "How do I live
without you" from Con Air was undeservedly offended. At least this award the
Academy could have given to someone else, especially as this soundtrack was
way better than doleful howls of Scottish dawdling coupled with Celine Dion.The only Oscar deserved by Titanic is the one for special effects. Being of
no value in terms of artistry, this movie can be a visual aid for studying
filming techniques. I find it hard to believe that such distinguished
director as James Cameron, who did Terminator and True Lies, really thought
that Titanic deserved all the awards it received. At least absurdly sounds
his boastful allegation, borrowed from DiCaprio's character: "I'm a king of
the world!". The phrase from well-known tale is on tip of my tongue: "The
king is naked!"
			
Pure glop. Wooden acting. Astonishingly unconvincing characters.
Boring, generic music (descending to banality in the case of "My Heart
Will Go On"). Good sets and effects (no surprise, considering how much
money was spent on them). Overall, the cinematic equivalent of a Big
Mac, but even more tasteless.The first time I watched "Titanic," I lasted 20 minutes. "I'm going
upstairs to read," I told my wife. "Call me when it starts to sink."
The sinking was lots of fun (that, and the effects, are why I rate it a
2 instead of a 1), but not enough to counteract three hours of turgid,
sentimental ooze. If the film had BEGUN with the sinking scene, it
would rate a 10.I did watch it again, in its entirety, and that's three and a quarter
hours of my life that I will never get back.
			

We waited until it was on video to watch it, suspecting,
rightly, that the stars would be agonizing and the story
ridiculous, and it was a relief to be able to fast forward
through the silly parts. But the visual detail of the ship was
impressive; in fact, we thought it was a shame the ship couldn't
have been the star.  What a movie they could have made centered
around the physicality of the ship, its size and power, its
ultiimate demise, perhaps using the ship's officers and crew in
multiple, interlocking stories.                     
			
So, how do you spend vast amounts of money on a film and still wind up
with a dreadful (albeit profitable) end product? Simple.You spend lots of money on beautiful sets and breathtaking special
effects. You hire some very talented and/or (mostly or) attractive
actors. Then you give those actors lines to speak that are so badly
written they might have been written by a 13-year-old girl trying to
emulate a Harlequin romance.Despite wonderful production values and a serviceable story line,
"Titanic" may be painful to the ears of anybody who is fully literate.
Why did James Cameron spend so many millions to make a film and not
spend an extra ten grand to have a competent editor look at his script?
Writing the "Terminator" movies really was NOT adequate preparation for
writing an epic romance.Gag me with a spoon! (Hmmm... did Kate Winslet's character say
something like that in what was supposed to be 1912? Quite possibly!)
			

Special effects junkies may get something out of this film, but I found it
long, very boring and totally unmoving.  The characters in general were
shallow and one-dimensional;  none of the main characters were in the
slightest bit likeable, and the film's potential was ruined by the
extremely
silly and totally fabricated central story of the "upstairs/downstairs"
romance between Di Caprio and Winslett.  This totally implausible bit of
the
plot succeeds in turning this tale of a terrible human tragedy into just
another trite Hollywoodisation in which only beautiful people and thwarted
love count for much.  Such a shame - given the dreadful, tragic setting
(which, let's face it, really did happen), it could have been a good
film.......
			

I really enjoyed almost every scene and the overall movie, but I feel they
ruined it by using a trendy teen-heart-throb/heroine storyline to tie it
together.  It was a great historical portrayl of an infamous tragedy, and
a
good tearjerker. I would shed a tear anyday for the string quartet that
plays in spite of certain doom, but I almost laugh when Leo's corpse
sinks.
			

I think I've seen enough bad films, but definitely this is the worst. I
can
forgive acting, what can you ask from such a poor script? But even the
last
hour of the film deserted me. Fire works, propeller man, vertical ship. It
was a theme park on the sea at night. If the film makers thought of 1500
victims, it would have been a lot more different. Two self-indulgent
lovers(they might be in love, but do they love?)are just annoying. I
hardly
saw a bit of love, let alone tragedy but the money they wasted.

			

Rent it if you have a dollar or two and 3 hours to give
up.I've seen this movie roughly 4 times, and that's all the chances I'm
giving
it.  To me, this movie is pure eye-candy.  It's beautiful, simply amazing
to
look at, and if you're deaf--it might be a good film.  Everyone in the
cast
is a fantastic actor/actress.  But Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet turn
in the WORST performances of their careers.  I watched them in
embarassment.
A bad car accident on film (actually a boat disaster).That's not to say the film lacks any emotion.  I felt for everyone on the
ship except Jack and Rose.  What really makes my stomach turn is the
entire
cast and crew not minding that this is a fictional story set in historic
facts.  It's rearranging history and I do hope future generations don't
see
it this way.  If you liked Disney's Pocahontas or any other film playing
off
historic events, then you might enjoy this.  I'm not saying this couldn't
have happened, but I would have preferred that they would have said up
front, on the cover or box or poster that this movie is 95% fiction: Yes
there was a boat named Titanic, and it did in fact sink.I wonder if the survivors thought the movie was good or accurate (or if
any
of  them saw it at all).  Were their feelings hurt that such a horrific
event was made into a blockbuster love-story film and capitalized on
relentlessly?  I honestly cringe thinking about the future real-life
disaster films--will 9/11 be turned into a love story?  Maybe...only when
we're dead or too old to even see it.Hollywood, start writing original material.  No remakes, no copying, no
historical 'what if' scenarios, and no predictable endings.  Be creative,
be
bold, be fresh.
			

An interviewer recently asked Woody Allen why he doesn't attend the Academy
Awards presentation. "Those people give Oscars to films like Titanic," he
replied.Other than The Biggest Show on Earth, Titanic is probably the worst film
ever to receive a best picture Oscar. Sure, a godzillion people went to see
it and took in more money than do most small nations, but that doesn't mean
it's good or even watchable. Independence Day and Wild, Wild West both made
scads of money and both stunk to high heaven.The damn boat does not start to sink until an hour and a half into the
movie
and when it does, the film shifts to level of awfulness that is eclipsed
only by the stunningly unbelievable slop that comprises its first half.
What
can you say about a picture that focuses obsessively on capturing the look
of the ship's interior, the clothing of the passengers, even the dinnerware
off of which the passengers eat, yet completely flubs the actual story of
the sinking? James Cameron obviously did not believe that the loss at sea
of
the most famous ship of the 20th century presented an interesting enough
story to modern (American), so he proceeded to distort the historical
record
with his own purely fictional dramatic flourishes. As huge water cannon
hose
down those expensive sets, he gooses up the drama by staging a gunfight in
the first class lounge. This occurs after 1) Kate saves Leo from  certain
drowning by applying an ax to the handcuffs that chain him to a water pipe
(ironic, huh?) 2) the two jointly rescue an abandoned waif inexplicably
separated from its momma 3) Kate tells her upper class snob boyfriend to
stuff it because she'd prefer drowning with Leo to a seat next to him in a
lifeboat.Very climatic.The film does provide some great camp moments, for example when Kate
presents to her insensitive beast fiance a little bauble she's picked up in
Montmartre, Picasso's The Desmoiselles d'Avignon (hey, didn't this go down
with the ship?). And when the big vessel is about to slide into the
freezing
North Atlantic, Kate gets weepy and nostalgic as she hangs for dear life
off
the stern, "Jack, this is where we first met!"The ending is ludicrous and not only because there are survivorsIf you want to view a GOOD movie about the Titanic, try A Night to Remember
or even the Barbara Stanwyck version, both from the 1950's. Both made for
less than 150 million bucks each, even adjusted for inflation. Imagine.2* (one for Kathy Bates, the other for Billy Zane's fab toupee) out of
10*.
			

I don't like movies that are made by the rules of "hollywood filmmaking".
What I mean by that is the way to make the audience sad, happy, worried,
thrilled, are all the same way that all the same in all big budget hollywood
films.
Titanic is another one of those films. So it didn't give me anything.James Horner's music sucked! And I was so mad at him getting the undeserved
oscar for original score. That year the statue should have gone to Jerry
Goldsmith's original score for L.A. Confidential! 
The popularity of Titanic shows how easily entertained the average movie
going audience is. 
			
When it comes to pure visual spectacle, Titanic is one of the best
movies ever made. But the love story is great as well. Leonardo
DiCaprio and Kate Winslet have such wonderful chemistry that it makes
the occasionally poor dialogue tolerable. Their scenes together are
some of the most memorable moments in romantic movie history.However, the visuals steal the show. The scenes of the Titanic sinking
are some of the most beautiful yet terrible scenes ever filmed.
Beautiful because it looks so real, and terrible because we know this
actually happened. But that's not to say the love story is shoved into
the background. The romance takes up most of the film, and their tragic
ending is one that is sure to draw tears from the sensitive ones.Overall, the film is well-acted, visually masterful, and unforgettably
romantic. By now, it is an absolute classic and, in my opinion, it
certainly deserved it's Best Picture win at the Oscars.
			
This movie is so so overrated. It boggles my mind how this piece of
garbage was voted best picture over LA Confidential in 97. The acting
in this film is beyond poor, with Billy Zane, yes BILLY ZANE giving the
only decent piece of acting in this movie. This movie is comparable to
Pearl Harbor, in where we have a historic event get skewed by some
sappy, bogus love story about a misunderstood painter. I was surprised
and jubilant to find that this movie is out of the top 250 on IMDb as
voted by it's users. Thankfully, many other educated users agree with
me here.In closing, do not waste your time on this film if you enjoy any
realistic movie-making. James Cameron should stick to The Terminator.
2/10
			

In the past 6 months, I have looked back on this movie in retrospect and
thought what a totally sick premise this film is based upon. It's a
fictional tale of a true tragedy, which trivialises the impact of the
Titanic sinking.James Cameron has the sickest mind I have ever known of. "Let's make a love
story on one of the greatest disasters the world has ever heard about."
Back
in 1997, the movie execs must have been rubbing their hands together at the
prospect of James Cameron (whose blockbusters have accrued masses of cash)
doing a romantic movie on a poignant slice of history. However, around
2,500
people died on that ship, yet we only really focus on Jack and Rose running
around the ship. Of course, this was Cameron's intention, so as to show the
ship in all it's glory before it sank.The problem I have with the movie is that it's the equivalent of making a
movie about a love story in the Twin Towers. A young business man in Tower
A
falls in love with a young business woman in Tower B. The man goes to Tower
B, gets the girl and runs around all the floors of the Twin Towers (to show
what the Twin Towers looked like before they collapsed). Then the planes
hit
the buildings and the story really kicks off. You get the idea.
Entertainment based on a real-life tragedy, to me, seems really sick. It is
a lot worse than programmes that the Daily Mail in Britain kick up a stink
about.Morally wrong pictures like this should be banned, rather than Britain's
banning of "The Exorcist" for 20 years, especially as Titanic was
crap.
			

Story tells about everlasting love, so it's just another American soap-opera
movie with incredibly cliches, nothing really amazing at that side. 1 point.
But the special effects and Titanics virtual restoring... WOW! THAT I would
like to call movie, if something!
			
Having read real accounts of the Titanic disaster from eyewitnesses, as
in Walter Lord's stellar book A Night to Remember, I can only laugh at
how ludicrous James Cameron's rendition of this historical event was.
All for sensationalism and turned into a mega-soap opera. Focusing on
the plight of two 1990's teenagers decked out in costumes as if they
inhabited 1912 but nobody was fooled. The whole thing was ludicrous as
they slogged their way for hours in freezing ocean water in soaked
clothing, ending up in the ocean of course -- but only she was saved.
The only good part of this movie "disaster" was the first few minutes
where they showed the salvage operation on the real Titanic.
			
... and yet not nearly fast enough. When this movie first splashed onto
the big screen, I was in the middle of the prime target: young,
teenaged girls who all too easily swooned over the new "it" guy, Leo,
and wanted a taste of "adult" love. Thank heavens I somehow missed it
on that round, only to have one of my friends pull it out nearly a
decade (has it really been so long?) later for a girl's night. I was
stunned. The hype created by the Oscars and gushing of my peers set
this movie on a pinnacle from whence the movie plummeted to the bottom
of the ocean to join its namesake. If only they had left the story
there. The first TWO HOURS were spent dilly-dallying aimlessly along the ship
following Rose,a girl who is deprived a life by her dominating fiance,
her conniving mother, and ultimately her own self. She goes back and
forth from suicidal to "equal rights" to "you are not of my element"
with schizophrenic dexterity. I have great admiration for Kate Winslet,
but this character was gratingly awful to watch. Mr. DiCaprio was
little more than a pretty face during the movie. His lack of drive
proves him not a knight in shining armor, but meh, he's just not as bad
as the villain. And somehow, they fall madly into doomed love because
*gasp* the ship is going to sink! So now, the ship has fiiiiinally
begun to sink, but wait! You still have another HOUR to watch the main
people get stuck, cut to people drowning, oh wait Rose and Jack are
safe, cut to more drowning. Oh wait, the ships still sinking, so Rose
and Jack aren't safe again, oh they're safe, wait no..... DIE ALREADY!
So after three hours, Rose finally says I'll never let go! upon which
she immediately lets go and is magically found unfrozen in a colony of
frozen solid bodies. Yes, its amazing how it goes.So why 2 stars? I'll chalk it up to the romantic notion behind the
ship, which has managed to still fascinate people a century later. The
recreation of detail was admittedly stunning, although I got just as
much out of a Titanic mystery computer game. Normally, even if I don't
care for a movie, I'd say knock yourself out if you still wanna see it,
but at 3 painful hours long, I'd definitely go with a no.
			
Well this movie took me away from reality from the moment the lights
dimmed in the movie cinema. But that was only because i saw a decent
trailer for some action flick i would never see. Bucause lets face you
just know how there going to end. But titanic started and by that time
I thought all the hype was going to be worth it.Instead, i was treated to 194 minutes of clichd romance and crappy
songs by equally crappy recording "artists". All 194 minutes of this to
boil down to what we all knew was going to happen. THE SHIP SANK.So by now I've left the cinema picturing James Cameron rolling around
in pools of money and laughing as he watches us on a 13 meter
television set from inside a hollowed out volcano.The only good thing about this movie was watching Leonardo Decaprico
drown in icy cold water (because they couldn't possibly share a huge
chunk of wood). Not because he's a bad actor, i just enjoy watching
rich actors die.
			
I wasted 3 hours of my life watching this pap and i want them back. bad
acting too a bad script with a bad soundtrack smeared on top why? the
money they spent making this pooh could have been better spent ending
world hunger/poverty which it probably would have done 3x over so why?
why? why?????????????? bottom line piece of sh*t this movie is a piece
of sh*t!!One day I had a crap and it was ultimately more enjoyable than this
utter excrement, it also sunk like a ship hitting an iceberg.Also, Kermit the Frog would have been better cast in the role Leanardo
De CRAPrEEEOOO played and Ms Piggy could just as well have played the
part Kate Winslet portrayed.
			

Much has been made of director James Cameron's attention to detail. 
Ironically, Leonardo Dicaprio seems incredibly 90's in his demeanor and
appearance.  Additionally, his hand is perfectly manicured and ages some 20
years when he sketches Kate Winslet later in the film.  The story line is
borrowed from "For Whom the Bell Tolls"; and, the effects are only okay. 
Low budget genius like John Carpenter and Able Ferera could have made this
film much better with a fraction of the budget.  I can't believe this film
was showered in awards; perhaps, some of the titanic budget was used as
bribe money.
			

Okay, here it is...THE BOAT SINKS!!!  Yeah, I know, you all knew
that...oops, you didn't?  Where were you during History class all through
your schooling?  Anyway...
I must admit that even though I never actually sat down and watched the
thing from beginning to end, but I work at a video store and I was forced to
watch the second tape of the movie for well over 28 days in a row. (The 1st
tape was not viewed so as not to offend any customers during the scene where
we were all forced to see Kate Winslet's endowments.)  Needless to say, when
we finally were allowed to remove the now wasted tape from the VCR, I took
the tape outside and promptly ran over it with my car.  It felt so good. 
With that one action I hoped to rid myself of this terrible viral infection
brought on by watching this movie too many times.  
I hated the film although I had never really "seen" it.  I had bought a copy
of the film before the 28-day onslaught but hadn't opened it yet, so I
decidedly took it back to work with me and traded it for a DVD copy of
another movie.  I felt no remorse, I questioned not my actions.  In fact, I
felt good to know that the movie was no longer in my house. Earlier in the year (1998) I had to listen to everyone tell me how great it
was and how much they loved it, and this was okay.  I am one of those people
that many times don't like a movie just because "EVERYONE" loved it.  My
favorites are not the box-office hits, they are the box-office flops, movies
over-looked because of their lack of appeal to more than one group of
people.  Those are the films that speak the loudest.  I had people tell me
that they saw "Titanic" EIGHT times!!!  I pointed out that they had spent no
less than $60 on admission not including the outrageous prices of popcorn,
soda, and Sour Patch Kids.  All they could say was, "It was worth it, man." 
I view myself as a video nut and a video hound, and I say NO movie is worth
paying well over $100 at a movie theatre to see the same movie over and over
and over again.
You all may disagree with me, and that is your personal right, but you all
need to know that there are many of us that don't see what you see in this
movie...and the only reason I gave it a rating of 2 was for the very
well-done special effects...I have to give it at least that much. Moving along...
			
I may not make myself popular with this statement but I hate Titanic.
One reason is that it is far too long for a Hollywood movie. It spends
most of its time waffling on and on and on. I went to see it in the
cinema when it released it 97, it didn't impress me then it doesn't
impress me now. I have liked James Cameron's previous work like
Terminator and True lies but he has really disappointed this time
around.Now onto the good points. The last scene was so moving and the song My
heart will go on is one of my favourites. Leonardo Di Caprio and Kate
Winslet were very good in their roles. I feel that it should have been
made like a documentary rather than a standard 90's disaster movie. On
the other hand there are millions of titanic fans and I have been known
to have unusual tastes in movies. Go and see it and decide for yourself
			
Spoiler to follow.All I could think through the agonizingly typical first two acts was
"sink the freaking boat already!!!". In my opinion, the sappy,
overdrawn romance between two strangers who become so in love with each
other over the course of two days that they are willing to throw away
everything, up to and including their lives, for each other, is not
only corny and unbelievable, but disrespectful to the REAL people who
died aboard that ship.The special effects were brilliant. The attention to detail in
designing the sets and costumes was brilliant. The screenplay was
terrible. This is a chick flick disguised as an adventure film. All we
heard about in the months prior to the film was the historical
accuracies and the amazing special effects, and 80% of what we got, was
a formulaic love story...and oh yeah, there's a historic shipwreck in
there too, which is prety cool.
			

What a dreadful piece of crap!Apotheosis of the 
Hollywood Blockbuster: Insipid story line, 
big-name stars, 
major logical lapses 
and stunning special effects.  If you want to see this subject matter 
treated intelligently and movingly, see England's "A Night to Remember"... 

			

If I had to describe my impression from this film in one word, the word
would be `irritation'. James Cameron made a bad-tasted show of one of the
greatest tragedies. The plot is simply stupid. The love-story of main
characters is absolutely unbelievable and misplaced. It would be better to
set such story on a board of some fictitious ship (resembling Titanic if you
like). Meanwhile the film about Titanic itself must be as realistic as
possible. However, if Cameron failed in presenting the tragedy of the
disaster he succeeded in presenting its horror. Visual effects are great. I
gave the film two stars for the sake of the only one scene  that one where
the ship breaks into two pieces. It's really impressive on a large screen.
Titanic becomes worth seeing only after the ship crashes into iceberg. And
even then it is spoiled by absurd behaviour of main characters. Furthermore
the casting is bad. I liked only Billy Zane as villainous Cal and Victor
Carber as unhappy constructor Mr. Andrews (and also some insignificant
passengers and members of crew).  DiCaprio can't act at all, Winslet is not
very bad but the role is not for her. Well, may be it's not the worst film
in the history of cinematography, but one thing is certain  I will never
voluntary see it again!

			

James Cameron is a great director, artistically speaking.  This film
was beautiful to look at, it had great colors, fantastic sets,
incredible costumes, and great replicas of Titanic things.
however, 4 hours of Kate Winslet whining about her "poor pitiful
life"  ARGHHHH, i wanted to pull my hair out..  not to mention Leo, i
mean come on, who do you have to sleep with to get his name cut
out of the casting call..   the only thing that would have made me
enjoy this movie more would be a few extra minutes of footage
showing Leo sinking to the bottom of the ocean or being eaten by
fish..  The supporting cast was great though..  I loved Billy Zane,
Kathy Bates, Victor Garber, and Frances fisher.  Overall i think that
the titanic was best left at the bottom of the ocean.
			