
This movie is a delight for those of all ages.I have seen it several times and each time I am enchanted by the
characters and magic.The cast is outstanding, the special effects delightful, everything
most believable.You have young Harry, a mistreated youth who is "Just Harry" to
himself. And then, he embarks on a most beautiful adventure to the
Hogwarts school.He meets Ron and Hermione, one an adorable mischief maker, the other a
very tense and studious young lady.Together, the trio try to set things right in the school.It's the ultimate fantasy for young and old.
			

When I knew the film was being made, I thought how could they make a film
that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book. But they did! Sure
they missed bits out but they captured the essence of the book brilliantly.
One member of the cast was mis-cast for me but my children disagreed.I even
found myself believing they were flying and not wondering "how are they
doing that?" So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers. Bring on the next
one!
			

	Once upon a time (and not that long ago), in the vivid, fertile imagination
of author J.K. Rowling, a character was born:  A boy.  A young boy named
Harry, who was destined to become one of the most beloved characters to
emerge from a work of fiction in a long, long time, and was quickly embraced
by young and old alike in all corners of the world.  And now, thanks to the
magic of the cinema, Harry and his companions fairly leap from the pages of
the novel to the silver screen in the phenomenal motion picture, `Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,' directed by Chris Columbus and written for
the screen by Steve Kloves.  Indeed, Harry Potter is a boy, but not just any
boy; because Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) just happens to be a wizard.  But,
orphaned as a baby, Harry has been raised by his Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw)
and Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths), who never let him in on the
fact that he was, well-- what he was.  It seems that Petunia didn't approve
of her own sister-- Harry's mother-- because she was a witch; nor of Harry's
father because he, too, was a wizard.  When Harry turns eleven, however, the
secret is out of the bag when-- after some strange goings-on-- a giant of a
man named Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) shows up at the Dursley's door to
collect Harry and take him off to `Hogwarts,' a school for wizards and
witches and all who would perfect the gift with which they were born:  The
gift of magic!  And from the moment Harry boards the train (from station
platform nine-and-three-quarters) that will take him to his destiny, the
magic is alive-- for Harry, and for the audience, as well; and it's a
journey you will never forget.	What a monumental undertaking to even think of attempting-- translating and
transferring this passionately beloved work from novel to the screen. 
Because to millions of people, Harry and his companions are so much more
than merely characters in a book; these are characters for whom people have
made a special place in their hearts, which puts a great burden of trust
upon the man who would attempt to bring them to life.  And Chris Columbus,
it turns out, was the right man for the job.  More than rising to the
occasion and with some magic of his own-- and a lot of help from an
extraordinarily talented cast and crew-- Columbus has delivered a film that
is not only true to the story, but true to the very spirit that makes Harry
Potter so special.  The special effects are absolutely beyond astounding,
and Columbus, with a keen eye for detail and without missing a beat, keeps
it all on track and moving right along at a pace and with a sense of timing
that makes this an absorbing, thoroughly entertaining and enjoyable
experience from beginning to end.  From the opening frame you get the
feeling that you're about to have a singular experience; and you're right. 
Because you've just entered the world of Harry Potter.  And it's
magic.	Even having the best special effects do not a great movie make, however,
and this film is no exception; what catapults this one to the top are the
performances, beginning with Radcliffe, whom you quickly forget is an actor
playing a part.  And that about sums up what kind of a job this young man
does here.  Without question, he IS Harry Potter, physically and
emotionally, and when he waves his wand and does what he does, you believe
it.  A wonderful performance by a gifted actor who has a great career ahead
of him; without question the perfect choice for the role of
Harry.	Also turning in excellent performances are Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and
Emma Watson as Hermione.  As with Radcliffe, the casting here could not have
been more perfect.  Grint is `Everyboy,' with that special glint in his eye
and a manner that makes him especially endearing.  And the spunky Watson
adds some real sparkle to the film as Hermione, the one with the sense of
urgency and the wherewithal to get things done; a real role model for young
girls everywhere.	It's obvious that a lot of care went into the casting of this film, and
it's a big part of why it is so successful.  Richard Harris, as Headmaster
Albus Dumbledore; Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall; John Hurt as Mr.
Ollivander; Ian Hart as Professor Quirrell.  Exceptional performances from
one and all, with two that stand out as especially memorable:  Robbie
Coltrane, who readily conveys the fact that Hagrid's heart is of a size that
matches that of the man; and Alan Rickman, as Professor Severus Snape,
deliciously droll while demonstrating menace through the fine art of
articulation.  	The additional supporting cast includes John Cleese (Nearly Headless Nick),
Warwick Davis (Professor Flitwick), Julie Walters (Mrs. Weasley), Zoe
Wanamaker (Madame Hooch), Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy), Harry Melling (Dudley)
and David Bradley (Filch).  From Rowling's imagination to the written page
to real life (albeit via the movie screen), `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's
Stone' is a triumph many times over; a unique film of truly universal
appeal, the likes of which is as rare as, well-- a sorcerer's stone.  A film
in which adults and children alike will rejoice, because it speaks to the
heart in a universal language of life, love, experience and imagination; a
film that states unequivocally that magic exists-- as long as there's a
single child with a single dream somewhere in the world, and real wizards
like J.K. Rowling, Chris Columbus, Steve Kloves and every member of this
wonderful cast and crew around to bring it to life as they have here.  An
instant classic in every sense of the word, this is truly a film for the
ages.  A remarkable achievement, this IS the magic of the movies.  I rate
this one 10/10.      
			
When I first saw this movie I was ten years old, the same age the
characters where supposed to be. My older cousin and her boyfriend took
me to the Mall to watch a movie. Back then I wasn't going very often to
the cinema, due to the fact that my parents didn't have time and I
wasn't old enough to go alone to any theater. The movie captivated my
attention like nothing before and I became so interested in anything
that had to do with this movie, and I heard that it was made after a
book. I didn't had Internet back then, but I found the first book at a
library and convinced my mother to buy it. That's how I became obsessed
with reading and writing.I may say, "Harry Potter" affected me in a positive way, because after
I finished reading all the published books back then, I wanted to read
more books and I must thank J.K.Rowling for her genius, if it wasn't
for her books, I might have been right now an average seventeen year
old, at some party, drinking my brains out. This movie got me to the
right path in life.I know, you probably don't care about my story, you readers only want
to hear about what I thought of the movie, but I believe my story can
influence you if you are a parent and thinking whether or not you
should let your children watch this film. My advice is yes and I have
presented my reason above.The story is simply magical and "Hogwarts" is a genius invention. The
movie is done well, almost perfect. It's the closest to the book they
can get and it's an amazing experience for any kid.
			

Posters books, merchandise pictures of Daniel Radcliffe on the front page,
it was going on my nerves. I saw his picture in the paper so often I think
I
know the amount af hair on his head. I hated harry potter and I promised
myself not to watch it, but then i did and I thought it was
great.
Well the viewing figures proves this and all the critics loved the movie.
The acting is superb with Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, Rupert Grint
as
Ron and Emma Watson as Hermione ( To think that it's only Daniel that has
acted before and on T.V.)
Anyway about the story, Harry James Potter discovers through the words of
dear Hagrid played by Robbie Coltrane that he is a wizard and is to attend
hogwart's school of witchcraft and wizadry. But not only is he to make
good
friends, he is also to make some enemies.
The movie follows harry through his first year at the school. Watch it
you'll never look at you'r watch ( i didn't anyway).

			
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is what a book adaptation should
be. The only things left out of the movie were very minor. This tells
the story of a boy whose parents were killed when he was young and been
mistreated by his aunt and uncle. He receives a letter about a school
named Hogwarts. There, in his first year with his friends Ron and
Hermione, he must stop wrongdoing of a couple teachers. The cast was
wonderfully casted. Daniel Radcliffe is fantastic and looks the part of
Harry. Everyone else is perfect. As I mentioned above, the adaptation
is great. The movie even used the same quotations as the books. The
music is memorable. I liked John William's Hedwig Theme. The costumes
are good-looking and so is everything else. This movie will leave a
magical imprint on your minds and this is only the first film. I rate
this magical adventure 10/10.
			
In many ways the best of the franchise so far. I was free from any
anticipation for this film being not overly impressed by the fantasy
genre. This film redeems itself above other sorcery films with its old
fashioned English ambiance being greater than arch and portentous
fantasy.Unlike other fantasy films the directors face the challenge of a highly
critical audience of children who are more familiar with the books that
they are & waiting expectantly for their favorite part of the book and
would tear the director to ices if he was there in their anger such
omissions. Any changes in the film would be seen as desecrating the
fantasy world that Rowling created. In the production of the first film
this was a contention in preproduction. As a faithful rendering of the
book squeezed into a two-and-a-half hour period, the movie is
beautifully done as far as special effects go. The actors although
experienced are let down by the younger cast not being trained and
coming from a stage school background with the exception of the lead
show the typical stiltedness of such training. Daniel Radcliffe has
been accused of being too subdued in the title role but as he becomes
older he character does become more sombre. Alos it allows the other
characters oddities to shine more clearly in contrast to his quieter
style.
			

The Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (Hey, I'm from England)movie
was brilliant. I watched that before I read the books and I loved it. So
many people make cruel comments about the fact that it didn't live up to
the
book but that really isn't the point is it? It was there to be enjoyed and
on the whole, it was.
You can't expect a movie of this magnitude to be made without some things
being cut out. If the whole book was made into a movie, with every detail
intact, it would last for a good 3 hours and while I can sit that long,
many
children can't.
In my eyes, the books and the movies are separate things with the same
names
and I love them equally.
			

That's all there is to say. It'll never be as good as the books, but it came
damn close. They picked three great kids for the leads, and did a good job
with the other roles as well. As far as how the story translated to the big
screen, well, obviously, some parts recived more or less attention than in
the book, and the same applies to characters. But overall, it was
great!
			

Harry Potter is a great movie with great actors and plenty of laughs, and
some slightly scary scenes. If you haven't seen it, you should. Daniel
Radcliffe, Sean Biggerstaff and Tom Felton make girls salivate, Emma
Watson
makes boys go gaga, and Rupert Grint makes everyone laugh. All the older
actors are great and should be proud do to such a great
movie!
			

The first in the Harry Potter series of movies does the book series
justice
by not only staying true to the book core but by capturing the book's
magic
and heart. Daniel Radcliffe is an excellent choice for the role of Harry.
He
captures the pale innocents of his character with ease. Rupert Grint and
Emma Watson are just as good as Ron and Hermione, Harry's best friends.
They
capture their characters essence with a natural ease. Richard Harris is
perfect as Dumbledore; He brings a strong center of claim to his
character
and the movie as well.Chris Columbus does the fans proud by staying true to the roots of the
story
by not watering down the drama and tension, keeping up with the sprit of
JK.
Rowling Novels.The series is in good hands.

			

Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone was an excellent film, in a series of
Harry Potter films. Although not as good as Harry Potter and the Chamber
of
Secrets it was very high up in its ratings. The acting in this movie was
wonderful. It had great special effects and dialog.I personally felt it
was
amazing that the whole movie was done by kids who have just started
acting,
but was still an amazing movie. Emma Watson was perfect in her acting as
Hermione.Good Job. 
			

In my opinion Harry Potter is one of the best series ever made for
kids
as well as adults! The cast was brilliant and the movie itself was filled
to
the brim with creative little games and gimics. One of the best films I
have
ever seen! A 10/10, all the way!!!! 
			

I honestly did not think that I would like Harry Potter, but I did.  The
movie is full of wonderful and imaginitive ideas.  I was captivated by it.
It's just a movie that is meant to be enjoyed.  I can't wait to share it
with my future children.
			
When the movie first came out, I was hesitant about seeing it because I
was so enamored of the J.K. Rowling book. Therefore, I avoided it at
the theater. When I finally bought the DVD I was sorry I hadn't seen it
at the theater as I found that the movie was a truly worthy adaptation
of the book. Special effects were wonderful and the acting was outstanding, even by
the youngsters in the cast. The film managed to capture the fun and
magical spirit of the book admirably. I look forward to seeing the
sequels if they can maintain this quality. Well worth seeing.
			

It seems that some that had the fortune to read the Harry Potter books
before seeing the movie (I am not one of them), did not like the movie
much
even though they kept to the book very well.I loved the movie, and was very happy that they introduced the characters
in
the first of a possible 7 movie series (Chris Columbus mentioned 7 movies
on
the Sorcerer's Stone extras).  With that many coming out, why not
introduce
the characters in the first movie.I read the book after seeing the movie and saw that they not only stuck to
the book, they put in most of the parts I liked (except the color flames
at
the end).I enjoyed the second movie (chamber of Secrets) even more, yet I have not
read the book.  And look forward to the rest of the books to come to life.I for one and am sure many others that feel the same way, it is nice to
see
the Harry Potter books come to life, and the Actors that were chosen to
play
the characters were perfect.Chris Columbus is a great Director/Producer.  He has made many other
movies
that I own and enjoyed and was great to see him do this
movie.Good Job Everyone!!  
			

Okay, I never read the Harry Potter Books. I couldn't have cared less, but I
have nieces and nephews and other children in my life who are from ages 7 to
12 who have. What I had to do was remember what it was like when I was that
age, so long ago, and what "new" movies I had to entertain myself with.So...I had "Oliver!", "Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory" and "Chitty,
Chitty, Bang! Bang!". Other than those, it was "R" rated films that I was
more interested in.  Why? For that is what interested me via what Hollywood
made available. I was "too old" for those cutie Disney Animated cartoons of
that time, and too young for the adult theme films that were being
advertised which I DID want to see. This is why I like this film, it brings
back the genre for children, the wonder, the fantasy in film just for
them.A nice effort production wise, with the casting, with the story. Children
love fantasy, wonder, adventure, a character THEIR age doing and thinking
like THEY would and...watching kids eat lots of "sweets". This Harry Potter
film fit the bill. For me as an adult, it was...nice. For children between 7 and 12, its
fantastic. The special effects were neat, the story was engaging for them,
but what I liked the best was the school itself. I thought that the classes
and interactions of the children with each other were on their level. So it
was at a Wizards school. Point is, it could be at ANY school. (or boarding
school!)In my surroundings, there have been a few adults/parents screaming about how
this film and the school "Hogwarts" promotes kids to get into the black
arts. I think that is so awful to think that, and I think it does not give
children the benefit of the doubt. "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"
is a nice little film about something a child/pre-teen has fun with. I
actually compared it to the Disney film "Fantasia" and the scene of Mickey
being the "Sorcerer's Apprentice". I watched that over and over as a 6 year
old and trust me, I had no desire to get into "the black
arts".To me, this film is geared towards that audience that has been forgotten AND
portrayed in the last 15 years, the 7 to 12 year olds. Yes, Disney had alot
of animation that was marketed to that group of children, but its been quite
sometime to make a long full length feature film of fantasy where children
are the focus, and they are just...children. Reminds me of "Willie Wonka and
the Chocolate Factory" and "Chitty, Chitty, Bang, Bang"...fantasy films for
the 7 to 12 year old to enjoy the movie going experience on their level, but
NOT talking DOWN to them.Children under 7 may be a bit scared at some parts and teens over 13 may not
get into this film at all. But for the 7 to 12 year olds, this film is a
nice one for them in the same vein as "Oliver!" and "Willie Wonka and the
Chocolate Factory" was for me.
			

I saw this movie 3 times. It was so good, and I love the book, of how they
wrote it and they also did put alot of stuff in the movie from the book and
I like it. I really think this movie was very good. But I am still happy,
that it is not scary. But I really liked this movie and I really think this
movie. I gave it a thumb up, all the way. So feel free to respond and talk
to you soon everyone!!!
			

I saw this movie 3 times. It was so good, and I love the book, of how they
wrote it and they also did put alot of stuff in the movie from the book and
I like it. I really think this movie was very good. But I am still happy,
that it is not scary. But I really liked this movie and I really think this
movie. I gave it a thumb up, all the way. So feel free to respond and talk
to you soon everyone!!!
			

I reviewed this film about a year ago when I had seen it for the first time
and I said that I liked the book more but the more I see this film I have
discovered that I like the movie just as much as the book.  I think that
Harry Potter is such a great book and movie series.  I personally love the
fact that they started making the movies because now along with my
visualizations that I have, I also have the visualizations that go along
with the movie.  I can't wait until Harry Potter and the Prisoner of
Azkaban(my favorite out of all the books) comes out, I believe that it will
be the coolest book to see on the big screen.
			

You know what?  I'm getting sick of reading comments by people who are
tearing this movie apart, saying it twists mythology, it is unimaginative,
it is done simply for cold cash, etc..  Well, a lot of these people are the
same ones who will go see the same action movie over and over again, despite
the lack of plot and talent.  Hollywood just does not make good family
movies anymore that are not animated, and I think that is very well done. 
The child actors are wonderful and have great timing for actors of their
age.  Just enjoy it!    
			

The film is really cool, good effects, and the actors are good too! It's
really worth to look at it, for adults as well as for kids!
Hope you like it. The 2nd movie is coming soon, it will be great too
hopefully, if you read the book, it is a MUST to watch the
movie!
			

To speak to truth, I felt I'm entertained for this film, of course I know
it's not perfect! But Daniel's smile is sweet, Rupert and Emma did their
best to interpret the role, the script can't stand out their performance,
that's not their fault. However, that's their style for the role, everybody
have his own interpretation for the same role. In Taiwan's website, I'm sick
& tired to see the comment like" What a shallow brain you are to see Harry
Potter? You should see The Lord of Ring! It's masterpiece you should!" The
content is nearly to be an insult to Harry Potter and I think it's
ridiculous. So what? Even Chinese translation I have no patient to read, not
to say English version! My sister seldom to read but only Potter series, She
had bought Lord of Ring but she just read a few pages and threw it
away!
			

When I walked into the theater with my ticket for Harry Potter and
the Sorcerer's Stone, I wasn't expecting it to be as enthralling as
the novel had been but from the very moment it began, it held me
in its sphere and kept me in suspense. It was like being
introduced to Harry all over again! I can't wait until Nov. 15 so that
we may be reunited once again. 
			

i read all the book (1-4) befor the movies came out and was so excited to
see the book come alive. they did leve stuff out but i thought they put
the
right amount of magic and reality. The moves will only get better from
here, I just saw the new trailer and think the next movie will be a bigger
hit
then the last one. i also hope J.K.rowling will be coming out with her new
book soon.
			

pros: Costumes, score, directing, acting, script, special effects,
cast.Cons: None.In a time where movies that generate unusually amounts of hype are
usually
the bad ones, Harry Potter not only exceeded my expectations, it
shattered
them. I was floored with this movie. Till this day why it didn't win any
oscars or at least get nominated for best film I will never know. My only
theory is that it was a British Film as the only main individual who was
involved in it that wasn't british was Chris Columbus. plus Spielberg
must
have been hurting by the major diss. Most people I watch it with complain
that it is too slow but that is the beauty of this film. It doesn't rush
you
into the world of Harry Potter but instead usually accompanies you,
showing
u wonders a little at a time much like the book. Other have said it is
too
faithful to the book. All I can say to them is that you haven't read the
book. trust me folks a lot of stuff was aken out, particularly the
beginning. What sets Harry Potter away from other films that year was the
script and acting. Anytime I saw Radgliffe, Grinch, and Watson at screen
together a smile came to my face.The elder all star cast was even better.
For example as Hermoine would say, one of the classic scenes in this
movie
would be the troll scene. Professor quirell comes running in and shouts
"troll in the dungeon, thought u ought to know" then he faints. Instead
of
an immediate reaction, about 2 seconds is given for the thought to reach
the
students, then they all start screaming, I always laugh at that scene
everytime. ALthough lenghty sometimes, it has enough wonders to keep you
through. Some of the effects are quite spectacular like Fluffy and the
Quidditch match. That has to rate as one of my all time best cinematic
moments. Was really excels in this movie is Chris Columbus directing. My
God
he was great. Perfect balance of action, suspense, mystery and he really
helped the kids get their act together so to speak. The score was
brilliant.
From now on John Williams should be scoring every project in Hollywood
rather than that once good-turned hack Elfman.It isn't a mystery why this
movie became the second highest grossing movie of all time even thought
it
had a 21/2 hr running period. I can't seem to stop watching this movie
and
will probably watch it again right after I am done typing this review.
Probably my second all time favourite movie next to Dick
Tracy.Premise: Harry, Hermoine and Ron have adventures in Hogwarts while
Quirell
tries to get the scorcerer's stone.Harry Potter was nominated for numerous prestigious awards including
three
oscars but sadly won very few of them.Grade:10/10 (As Roeper and Ebert put it, "The wizard of Oz of its time".

			

I think that this is one of the best books that are made into movies that
I
have ever seen, they didnt miss a thing in the story line. Some things are
cut but if they hadn't it would have been 4 hours long I think they did a
wonderful job. I would tell anyone to read this book and see this
movie.
			

Before the movie was released on November 16th I had been a big Harry
Potter
fan and couldn't wait for the movie it come out.
I watched in amazement as the wonderfully vivid writings of JK Rowling
leapt
of the paper and formed a delightfully magical motion picture.The casting was perfectly selected. Maggie Smith (as always) was wonderful
along with the other Professors; Zoe wannamaker, Warwick Davis. And I
especially liked Ian Hart, Richard Harris and Alan Rickman.The newcomers were brilliant along with the other children who had already
acted before.My only complaint on the casting is Fiona Shaw. Who toward the beginning
was
way-over-dramatic and a little over-expressive. However toward the Hut
Scene
she seems to have settled into her role quite nicely.The visual effects were also well done by Nick Dudman etc...Overall i would give this movie a 10 out of 10 and I can't wait until the
sequel.   
			

Fighting a second round with cancer at 73 does little to lift your spirits,
especially when you're "homebound". But watching Harry Potter on Direct TV
as a Pay Per View... makes me feel like a kid again!I've ordered it five times. It plays from 6 am to 6 am (all
day).What a spirit-lifting movie!Joyce Mellen Bystrom 
			

From the first time I saw this movie I felt in love with it ( and with
Alan
Rickman(actor)).If I hadn't seen the movie I would never ever read the HP
book series.I highly recommend it.I saw it about 13 times myself and they
are not enough.I learnt the words off by heart and keep talking about
Harry
Potter.My parents and my friends got sick and tired of me speaking about
HP
and Snape.Thank You
			

I loved this movie. It was creative, and it kept my attention the whole
2.5
hours. For those of you who compare it to the book, and thus hate it,
lighten up! Forget the book. You are watching a movie, and just try to
enjoy
that. 
			

"The books are better!"
"Ruins the book!"
"Doesn't do the book justice!"
"A complete waste of time!"NOT TRUE!!!!It really burns me the way people will criticize a movie based from a book.
It seems that every single time it is done, we as an audience bitch about
it, even if we sit around discussing "wouldn't it be cool if they...."
about
our favorite books.  And when Hollywood steps up and does just that, we
claim to hate it solely because it doesn't fit with our vision of the
book.BIG DEAL!!Folks, understand two things;1) when a movie is made from a book, some things have to change as a
result,
because what works in a book doesn't always happen to work in a film,
because...2) we as a movie watching society can hardly stand to watch anything that
it
longer than 1hr 45min in a theater....it tries our patience for some
reason.
And so Hollywood must try to condense subject matter as much as possible,
and still tell the same story.And once in a while, they pull it off, just as they did with Harry Potter.
Now, I hadn't read the books when I watched the movie for the first time,
and I thought the movie was great!  It sparked my interest in the books,
and
have now read all four of them. The movie did not butcher the book at
all...all the major events are there, as well as plot points and
characterizations.  Alan Rickman was a great Snape, mostly because he does
a
great job of being creepy.  Maggie Smith was also perfect, because she
always played great authoritative roles like this one, and the casting for
the children in the movie was perfect as well.  The scenery was beautiful,
and it kept my interest all the way through.I believe that the complaints listed around this movie are only there
because people need something to complain about in any given way,
especially
about their entertainment.  Listed below is a person who quoted the book in
the descriptions of the children, and how the actors did not look like how
the book describes them.  They were actually perfect casting, and after
re-reading the book descriptors, there really isn't much difference, so I
put that down to nit-picking about details that really weren't that
important.  Who cares if in the film Hermione doesn't have BIG teeth. Go
for
the quality of her acting, not the size of her incisors.If you don't nit-pick it to death, accuse it of being stereotypical, or cry
out that it is a bastardization of the book, you'll look at it and see that
it really is a good movie.  I think that it would have been interesting to
see people's reaction to the film if there hadn't been a book about it
first.
			

I've never read any of the books in the Harry Potter series but I'm
definitely tempted to start after having seen this great big screen
adaptation.  I found it to be filled with awesome fun and excitement
throughout and it was very well worth approximately two and a half hours of
my time.  This one comes highly recommended on my list.
			

I can watch this film over and over. Story line, effects and casting are
spot on. The only gripe, and I mean only. Is that after reading the book
(saw the film first), the part where Harry and Hermione sort out the
potions
to get into the chamber with the mirror has been left out of the film.
Pity,
but I suppose bits had to be cut somewhere to keep the length
down.

			

I think that Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (Sorcerer's Stone in
America)was over all very good. I think it could have been better, not to
mention that they changed too many things. They left out many of the
important scenes that built up to the final ending. I would definitely
choose the books over the movie. I think Chris Columbus could have done a
WAY better job. Take a look at his other pictures; Home Alone. He did a
great job on them, but it seems that he slacked off for Harry Potter. I
think that even I would have done a better job directing the movie, and 1.
I've never handled directing equipment, 2. I haven't even finished high
school, 3. I wouldn't make the movie so boring and drawling. Also, another
thing he kept doing was putting his daughter in the movie. She played
Susan
Bones, but SUSAN BONES DIDN'T HAVE ANY LINES OR ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE
STORY EXCEPT THE FACT THAT SHE WAS SORTED INTO HUFFLEPUFF! His daughter
had
more screen time than Tom Felton did, and Tom Felton was one of the major
cast! I gave the movie a 10, because over all it's a pretty good family
movie and it was ok. I did however, find it rather boring. The only parts
that really kept me from falling asleep were scenes with Malfoy cause
there
was actually some action in it.
~Kandi
			

I think that Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (Sorcerer's Stone in
America)was over all very good. I think it could have been better, not to
mention that they changed too many things. They left out many of the
important scenes that built up to the final ending. I would definitely
choose the books over the movie. I think Chris Columbus could have done a
WAY better job. Take a look at his other pictures; Home Alone. He did a
great job on them, but it seems that he slacked off for Harry Potter. I
think that even I would have done a better job directing the movie, and 1.
I've never handled directing equipment, 2. I haven't even finished high
school, 3. I wouldn't make the movie so boring and drawling. Also, another
thing he kept doing was putting his daughter in the movie. She played
Susan
Bones, but SUSAN BONES DIDN'T HAVE ANY LINES OR ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE
STORY EXCEPT THE FACT THAT SHE WAS SORTED INTO HUFFLEPUFF! His daughter
had
more screen time than Tom Felton did, and Tom Felton was one of the major
cast! I gave the movie a 10, because over all it's a pretty good family
movie and it was ok. I did however, find it rather boring. The only parts
that really kept me from falling asleep were scenes with Malfoy cause
there
was actually some action in it.
~Kandi
			

My family and I are all BIG Harry Potter fans -- we have read the books and
listened to the audio adaptations by Jim Dale all many
times.
 
Prior to going to the see the movie we were very curious how they were going
to put the all of the "Sorcerer's Stone" into a two-hour film, there is so
much there. Well, the bad news is that the film makers did not put all of
the story into the movie; the good news is that they did an excellent job
crafting the two and a half hour movie!The characters are all VERY well done, every one of them is well-cast and
well-acted. Perhaps the weakest of the lot are Fred and George Weasley, but
only in comparison to the rest. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore, McGonagall
and especially Hagrid are all a treat to watch and they make the movie a joy
to watch.The effects are also well-done even though I would have liked to see more
Quidditch than was shown.I can't recommend this movie enough ...10/10
 

			

I have enjoyed watching Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone several
times
so far and enjoy watching it with friends. Each time I watch the movie,
Emma
Watson is my favorite to watch. I have seen many young stars in my life
and
I do hope that Emma Watson continues her acting career. She is a diamond
in
the ruff, that has yet to shine. I wish her all the best in her future
acting career. I look forward to seeing if I am correct in my
prediction.
Emma Watson a name to remember.
			

I loved this movie! It is such a great movie for the kids. I loved every
moment of this movie! Hermoine's spunky attitude made the movie even
better!
Ron's stupidness (haha) was also a great part of this movie. GO
HARRY!
			

Draco Malfoy wasn't in it that much(which sucked). He makes the movie. I
think Malfoy should be in it more. (HE IS SO HOT!).
I also think that Slytherin should have won the Quidditch matches and won
the end year thing(who ever got the most points thing).This is to J.K Rowlings---Harry Potter is favoured to much, and I hate
it when the good guys win all the time!!! Which you are
doing!!!
If it wasn't for that it would be perfect. lol.Jamie.R.
			

I really liked this movie.  I thought that it was great.  It was something
that I took my 3 year old to see and he sat and watched it.  That is very
unusual for him. I would recommend that if you haven't read the book that
you do because the book will fill in the spots where they cut stuff
out.

			

This magical film starts with a young Harry Potter who is known as
popular,
but living with his aunt and uncle with his cousin, he really doesn't get
treated that well, honestly the worst family you've ever seen to go into.
But, on his 11th birthday, he discovers that he's a wizard after not
knowing.  We follow as with his engraved on his head, he goes to his first
year up Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  He meets Ronald
Weasley and Hermoine Granger and they head to find and stop an evil wizard
from getting the sorcerer's stone as all three embeleck to fight and to
help
Harry to find hie true destiny through many battles and twists along the
way.
			

Over the top!!! They couldn't have picked out better actresses and
actors!!!
It was a beautiful performance of acting.I really liked the way Harry was
brave, but yet caring. I imagined Hermione just as she was in the move.
And
Ron was as good as ever!!! It was great show of theatrical ability!!!

			

My wife and I recently viewed this 2001 blockbuster on its just released DVD
format and we were both favorably impressed.  Its length is "just right" but
some other factors seemed a bit oddly compressed.  For all those who've read
the series of books by J.K. Rowling and who are eager for her now overdue
next installment, the movie is like an abridgment for the now-defunct
"Reader's Digest Condensed Books."  The set-up of Muggles versus
Wizards/Witches/Hogwarts blend of ghosts & supernatural-mythological
creatures is highly evocatively rendered; the plot is faithfully gleaned
from the original material without the subtlety of the book, especially in
regard to the school environment.  I felt a bit shortchanged, however, in
regard to any real mystery about the Stone itself that serves as Title
Object.  According to the movie's action-driven plot, the top secret nature
of the item is kind of a "fraud" since nothing is very well-disguised
anyway.  Overall, this film is a pleasant Hollywood-version of a
well-imagined parallel universe scenario.  High ratings for the special
effects and engaging musical score.  The DVD is a bit too kid-oriented for
my taste and I would have enjoyed some sort of "Making of"
documentary.
			

I just wanted to put in my two cents and say that this movie is spectacular
and that I can't wait for the next one. I've read all four books and I'm
dying for the next one of those as well. Anyone who enjoys fantasy should
definitely see this movie. I hope J.K. Rowlings continues to write about
Harry and his friends.
			

This is simply the best movie ever made. I've read the books, and they did
all of the casting, set design, costumes, etc. perfectly! I can't wait for
the sequels! They are the only movies in the world that could possibly be
better.
			

This movie is a true epic. The story is original, imaginative, and superbly
done. One of the greatest movies ever made. It stands alone on its virtue,
no gratuitous sex, violence or bad language. The graphics are also very
well
done, the setting very realistic. All the actors did a very convincing job,
you believe they are who they portray. A must see for all.
			

WARNING: This review may contain spoilers. If you have not seen the movie
I
strongly suggest you see it before you read this.I found the movie quite excellent. I agree, there were parts from the book
that were left out or changed, but other than that very good. I loved the
part where Harry was hanging off his broomstick with only one hand. Don't
ask me why, just 'cause. Also he looks so determined to get Neville's
Remembrall back from Malfoy. You can see it in his face! I found the
Voldemort scene very intense. I mean, how many 11-year-old kids would be
able to stand up to someone like Voldemort/Professor Quirrel. And did you
notice how when Quirrel comes into the Great Hall to tell Proffessor
Dumbledore that there's a "Troll in the dungeon", that he doesn't
stutter?!?! I found that quite weird and a bit foreshadowing!
			

This movie was so excellent and thrilling, I wish it were real. Chris
Columbus did a great job with directing this movie and made it go very well
with the book. There were only about 50 mistakes, which is NOT a lot. This
movie was great and I truly hope everyone sees it. God Bless The
USA!!!

			

If you want a fun fun movie with a great story and great cast this is it!!
The people making the movie are right on par with the book, and the casting
people did great at picking the players.      Dont be fooled into thinking
this is some kind of subversive anti god! thing or demonic evil type of
witchcraft movie, it's the fantasy type (aka the wizard of oz type or
sabrina the teen witch would be more of a sample)
Go get this on dvd or video it,s a movie to watch over and over
again!

			

The Second time i saw this it was much better, it is one of my favorite
movies. Excellent visual effects and Great acting. The kids were the best
ones in the movie. Robbie coltrane was good as Hagrid. This was a perfect
adaption to the film, nothing was missing. I cant wait till the movie comes
out on DVD. I will definitely buy it.
			

This movie was so great! I mean all of the acting was beyond fabulous
along
with the effects - the screenplay - the casting - the directing
etc..Maggie Smith was (as always) fabulous
along with Richard Harris, Robbie Coltrane, Alan Rickmann, Ian Hart, and
all
of the other muggles who played the adult wizards.The new comers were brilliant  - Daniel Radcliffe was the perfect Harry-
and
his best friends were fantastic.Richard Griffiths portrayed Vernon perfectly and so did his mean son
Dudley.Fiona Shaw was also quite good - and we also got small treats from John
Hurt
and Sean Biggerstaff and some more newcomers who played the Quidditch
Team.As for my rating 10 out of 10
			

If you haven't seen "Harry" yet, put aside the naysayers and nitpickers
and
take the Hogwarts journey for yourself.  You just might find it's your
second favorite film, as it seem to be worldwide.  You'll find what you
like
or dislike for yourself, but watch for juicy turns by Alan Rickman, John
Hurt and Maggie Smith (so THAT'S where Jean Brodie went!) and a lovable
characterization by Robbie Coltrane...and see if you don't agree that at
least three new careers are well underway with the top notch performances
by
the under-21s in this film, particularly, of course, Daniel Radcliffe,
Emma
Watson and Rupert Grint!  As with "Oz", I believe the years will see the
first Harry Potter adventure grow into a classic and beloved film that
kids
today will enjoy with their children and their grandchildren.
			

I loved this movie. No, I more than loved this movie. It is the greatest
movie in the world.I loved every scene every single second of the movie. I
saw it 2 times in theatres which is not normal for me. It is the best
movie
for kids to adults. I have read the 1st 3 books in the series and I am
reading the 4th and these are the best books I have ever read and this is
the best movie.
			

Based on the first excellent novel by author J.K. Rowling the film is a
wonderful success.When orphaned Harry Potter finds out that he is a wizard
he starts school at Hogwarts and is befriended by Ron Weasly, and Hermione
Granger. But is disliked by jealous enemy Draco Malfoy. The adventure and
fantasy runs wild from the Quidditch field to the stunning climax this film
is going to be a classic. Played by Daniel Radcliffe Harry Potter is
brought
to visual life along with smart young actor Rupert Grint who portrays Ron
and pretty Emma Watson as the adventerous witch Hermione. This film lacks
the glory of the book at times but it flys by with its run time and is
directed very elegantly by Chris Columbus film deserves a ten and is wildly
waited for its sequels.
			

I enjoyed watching Harry Potter! I was impressed by how well the movie
follows the book, although there were a few things that got left out that
I
felt could have been included, like Snape's Potions Puzzle that Harry
solves
just before advancing on to face Quirrel. I felt that that could have been
included. Other than that, Harry Potter is a great movie for kids of all
ages!!
			

This movie is very fulfilling in many ways. Finally a Harry Potter movie
was
made. I do hope they're planning on making all 7 movies. This movie itself
was very well made, lots of pretty colors everywhere that give you a true
feel of Hogwarts. The candles, the lights, the ceilings, the walls, the
grounds outside, the quditch match, its all so beautiful and full of a life
on it's own.  Everything was depicted so well, even if things were left out
of the book, but that's what the book is there for. The acting of everyone
was so brilliant, and special. All the different characters in the big
screen, shinning so brightly together like one big smile from beginning to
end and every time you think about it. I am very pleased, very happy with
this movie; and I was disappointed this movie did not get any awards. It
deserves something. It deserves a lot more than that, but I don't know why
people will always be so mean in judging towards things like this. 10/10
It's a very fun movie. Everyone has, or should make a place for Harry
Potter
in their hearts. 
			

I saw this film with my friends.When I sat on my chair,I was so
emotioned!I
couldn't think this beautiful book was going to be taken on the
screen!Well,I didn't move my face on for over two hours!The most wonderful
scene was Quidditch match!!!!!Really fantastic!Daniel Radcliffe is pretty
good at playing Harry Potter,but the cleverest was Emma Watson!As regards
grown-up actors,the best were Robbie Coltrane,perfect as Hagrid,and Alan
Rickman as Snape!But the movie shouldn't be longer than like this,'cause
then it could bore some little children!Although many of them were being
quite careful to the events!When the movie was over,my friends and I were
sweating!Because I think that "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is
the
best film for children!But it can be seen even by people over that
age,such
as also by childless couples,'cause it wishes to be an enjoyment for
everyone of us!Go watching it and will come out with a great fun about
it!
			

I really loved this movie.  It wasn't exactly like the book, but it was
totally different either.  It pretty much follows the book.  Daniel
Radcliffe makes a perfect Harry Potter, and Emma Watson is the perfect
Hermione, but Rupert Grint, all I can say about him is I don't think
another
actor alive compares to his preformance.  He is perfect!
			

Seeing this film makes me as giddy as a 12 year old! I, like many others,
was a tad bit worried when I heard Chris Columbus was directing (being a
major Terry Gilliam fan, especially), but I must say, Mr Columbus brought
the book to life in a magical sort of way!  This movie is also great for
filling in the seemingly endless gap between Harry Potter
books.As well, I couldn't love the actors any better, especially precious Daniel
Radcliffe, who's star shines brighter than a golden snitch in the sun. His
ability to "become" Harry is completely amazing.  Of course to give credit
where much is due, everyone involved did an incredible job with "Harry
Potter & the Sorcerers/Philosophers Stone".I have no complaints of this film, and can't wait to see all the extra
footage on DVD.  Some minor, teeny-tiny details were missing, which is
totally understandable.  If included, the movie would have stretched on for
a day.  Fine with me, but then again, others may not see it as I do :
)
			

As a "Harry Potter" fan(an addicted one) I ran to see the first film.I
could't believe my eyes when I first saw The Hogwarts Castle with the lake
and the main room.And what can we say about the actors:Alan Rickman is the
perfect Severus Snape:sinister,charming and more good-looking then
never,Ian
Hart shows superbly well the aparently sweetness of Professor Quirrell and
Robbie Coltrane is just lovable as the giant Hagrid.Daniel Radcliffe,Emma
Watson and Rupert Grint are wonderful new comers and Richard Harris and
Dame
Maggie Smith shines as Professors Dumbledore and MacGonnagall.And at least
but not last my favorite:Tom Felton as the dazzling Draco Malfoy.All that
I
can say is that is a perfect film for a perfect book. 10 out of 10

			

May Contain SpoilerThis film was great.  I was a bit late with the Harry Potter hype.  I
wasn't
interested with it at all.  When a T.V. show asked that school it was that
Harry Potter went too, I couldn't answer it.  I was thinking more along
the
lines of 'How am I supposed to know that!?'
But, my boyfriend was a fan and he dragged me to see the film much to my
dislike.
The film was fun, I've seen it 4 times now, and after seeing the film for
the first time I read all the books and im not re-reading them for the
third
time.  I can't get enough of Harry Potter!When I saw the film I thought it was amazing, but when I read the book I
realised just how much I didn't understand.
The film doesn't have enough depth by far.  The visual effects actually
had
me laughing the third time round, they were really badly
done.
The one thing that had me squirming in my seat was Daniel Radcliffe.  He
was
awful, he was fine as long as he didn't speak.
I know the book portrayed Harry to be ordinary, but Radcliffe's portrayel
was ridiculous.  Wasn't his fault, it was the directors.
I was however impressed with the other child actors.  Emma Watson as
Hermione was fantastic, I was most impressed with her, and then I found
out
she hadn't done a single piece of acting in her life!  Rupert Grint was
great as Ron, yet his one liners were a bit cringy at times.  Most
impressed
with Tom Felton as Draco Malfoy, totally believable and loving his
accent.Richard Harris was great as the odd friendly Dumbledore, totally stole my
imagination.
And the actor who I think was absolutly perfect was Alan Rickman.  Alan
Rickman as Severus Snape was perfect.  I don't even have words to describe
it.  Ian Hart was great as the stuttering Quirrell...but not the evil
Quirrell.  He over acted on the last scene, which was a
disappointment.The film is a great bundle of fun, but not of high quality.  If you
haven't
caught up the Harry Potter hype yet, see the movie first, then read the
book.
You will be hooked!8 out of 10
			

The special effects were so great.  You could almost believe the owls and
the troll for example.  This movie was very well done and I am waiting
anxiously for the next movie in the series. I am really very happy with the
casting of these children.  They all were so professional but at the same
time were believable as school kids.
			

The incredible Harry Potter saga has now been transformed into the movie
of
our time. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, exceeds all expectations.The actor, Daniel Radcliffe, who wonderfully portrays the hero of these
novels and movies, fulfills the needed requirements. From his cherub
cheeks
to his big, beautiful eyes, Daniel Radcliffe will be bigger than Macaulay
Culkin or Jake LloydThe magical moments that elevate you higher than the movie reel in this
movie are really touching and move you beyond anything in the
world.the impact of this movie on the world has earn it's right as the 2nd in
the
World Wide Box Office.Harry triumphs over every single family movie, entertaining movie, or
movie
and it has earned my money rightfully. This movie is our Willy Wonka movie
of 2001. Adults and children will love this. Critics are
nothing...The second movie, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, will be maybe a
bigger hit...concerning that its first sequel has already earned more than
900 million dollars world wide.I simply can't give more praise to Harry Potter. It is a superb movie, in
fact my favorite movie. I give it the same grade as Jonas Schwartz: an
A+I am just "Wild About Harry Potter" I applaud J.K. Rowling, Chris
Columbus,
Daniel Radcliffe, and all the cast of Harry Potter
			

Spoiler Advisory:  I describe details of several scenes, to
make
points about character development, mostly.  But I do not
reveal
any significant plot elements.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a wonderful movie.The people who made it did a superb job in bringing the story
to
life.  The writing, the casting, the acting, the costumes, the
art direction and set design are all first rate.  My children
and
I have seen it more than once.  Thank you Chris Columbus,
thank
you Steven Kloves, thank you all.
Even such a well-made movie can be improved upon, though.
The
one element which I think is a weakness in the movie is its
failure
to properly evoke Harry's innermost thoughts and feelings.
The
two aspects of this, which were clear in the book but obscure
in
the movie, were his sense of wonder and astonishment at
first
encountering the realm of magic, and his fear at not knowing
if
he would fit in at Hogwarts, or be accepted into the social
world
of witches and wizards.  In her book, JK Rowling could
describe
such emotions directly, through an omniscient narrator.  In
movies,
that has to be done indirectly, usually through dialog.  But
for
HP&SS this presents a problem.  Harry, given his harsh
upbringing
by the Dursleys, is an externally passive, uncommunicative
character.  For him to convey his feelings so directly would
be
out of character -- it would not be Harry.  Given this
dilemma,
the viewer often gets little sense of Harry's emotions, making
him seem flat, harder to sympathize with.
Normally, criticisms of this sort have a kind of after-the-fact
pointlessness.  Even if they wanted to, the movie makers cannot
go back and reshoot the movie.  But HP&SS is not a normal movie
in that sense.  It is the first in a series, and all the
major
participants are presumably under contract making the sequels.
Thus if 20th Century Fox really wanted to, they could revise,
and
improve, HP&SS and issue it as a "special edition" DVD at
little
additional cost.  So here are a few suggestions for making
Sorcerer's
Stone a better movie.
At the first flying lesson, have Harry take a short
preliminary
flight, and have Madam Hooch comment on his natural ability.
Then
Harry could express surprise, turning into elation, at his
unknown
talent.  At the end of the flying lesson, when Professor
McGonagall
hauls Harry away after his unauthorized flight, Harry could
mutter
fearfully to himself, "I'm going to be expelled, aren't I?"
Professor
McGonagall could reply noncommittally, "Well, you did violate
Madam Hooch's orders, didn't you, Potter?"
On his first night at Hogwarts, Harry sits alone in a
window
sill, petting Hedwig.  What is he thinking?  Nobody knows.  Why
not have him speak to Hedwig, asking her if she is happy at
Hogwarts,
getting along with the other owls?  If Harry can't divulge
his
true feelings to other people, maybe he could hint at them
to
Hedwig.  A later scene of Harry alone with Hedwig, letting
her
fly out from the snow-covered courtyard, is similarly an
emotional
blank spot.
Harry encounters Professor Dumbledore at the mirror of
Erised.
Besides just discussing the mirror and its dangers, why
doesn't
Dumbledore ask Harry how he's feeling?  Harry could be
reluctant
to reply, but Dumbledore could get at it indirectly, but
talking
about Harry's mother, who being muggle-born, would also have
had
a hard time adapting to life at Hogwarts.  A reaction shot could
show Harry turning away, trying not to cry.
On a different note, Neville's accident at the first
flying
lesson does not work quite right.  When he falls from the
spear,
then falls again from the brazier, it doesn't look right.
It's
not a human body, it doesn't accelerate right.  But more
importantly, the scene wrongly depicts Neville in a slapstick
way,
as someone to laugh at.  But Neville, although hapless, is not
a
fool.  He is a sympathetic character.  He ought to fall off
his
broom straight to the ground, from high enough up to evoke
fright
and pity.
What do you think, Chris Columbus and Steven Kloves?  Why
not
extend shooting on Chamber of Secrets a few days, and make
HP&SS
a little bit better movie?  My children would appreciate it if
you did.

			

-Possible spoilers-An adamant fan of the books I approached the film with a huge amount of
caution - this caution however was proven unjustified with an adaptation
true to the wonder of J.K. Rowling's novels. Most the humour remains intact
indeed Rupert Grint adds enough humour for the whole cast, which
compensates
for the lack of it from Fred and George Weasley. Grint's facial expressions
transform those scenes that could so easily have been just formality scenes
that are included to familiarise viewers who haven't read the book with the
plot. Emma Watson is excellent at being stuck up but somehow managing to
remain warm and likeable as Hermione. And who of course could forget the
fantastic performance of Daniel Radcliffe. Expertly chosen from tens of
thousands of boys Daniel acted the part with amazing versatility, his light
sarcastic humour, his charmingness shows through in the friendship of the
central characters. Daniel and Rupert pull on, I believe their own
friendship to achieve a fantastic scene at Christmas. Daniel's versatility
again demonstrated as the scene changes from his pleasure and amazement at
the invisibility cloak to the haunted love that he demonstrates in front of
the mirror of Erised.The adult cast is of course excellent, Maggie Smith plays a fantastic
professor McGonagall although I confess the Scottish accent came as a bit
of
a surprise - don't know why! Richard Harris manages to portray the wisdom
and loving of Dumbledore - although I felt much of the friendship between
Dumbledore and Harry is missing, being replaced instead with a more formal
Teacher - pupil relationship. Alan Rickman is of course suitably menacing
as
Snape showing the kind of hatred in his eyes not seen since his portrayel
of
the Sheriff of Nottingham in Robin Hood Prince of Thieves. The only
dissapointment in the otherwise great adult line up was Ian Hart as the
bumbling professor Quirrel - his not having previously read the book showed
through in a performance which showed lack of understanding of the
character
and had no development as the film went on.The adaptation was as J.K. said very true to the books and with all the
missed out scenes such as the discovery of Flamel on the chocolate frog
being included on the DVD i feel that Chris Columbus filmed all scenes with
a desire to remain as true as possible. Although some scenes were adapted I
felt this was completely required to reduce the time from the initial 3 and
3/4 hours of film which had to be edited.If you want something to complain about then you could say that the opening
scenes with the Dursleys were a bit rushed and if they didn't have to show
Harry's miserable home life then they would have been almost worth not
including.Higlights of the film: Definately Daniel's stunning performance, quidditch
and the chess game plus many more.
Lowlights: All to minor to nameIn all an excellent film!
			

A very good movie, I should say, although, I think the book was written
more
for TV series. Because so many interesting things are omitted in the
movie -
it's simply impossible to put all that stuff into two and a half hours. I
liked the book a lot. It is written in a very interesting way and,
actually,
in the movie the casting is really great! Well, I imagined Ron a little bit
different, but Harry is perfect and the twins are great. I also liked the
different from the book ending, but also interesting.
I think this movie really worth seeing!
			

The movie was great and the actors were brilliant. Maggie Smith is a
perfect
Professor McGonagall like Richard Harris and Alan Rickman are for
Professor
Dumbledore and Snape.Robbie Coltrane was espetacular. When I read the
books
I picture Hagrid just like in the movie and the child actors were just
right
I could not have wish for a better Harry, Ron, and Hermione.Daniel, Rupert, and Emma are some of the best child actors I ever seen.
Chris Columbus really knew what to do with this movie.

			

Sure, they could not possibly include all the scenes and action from the
book; but it is a movie, not a mini-series and not everything would fit.
Nor
did they add any new interpretations or expand characters. That was not
necessary and it would be unfair to the author and all the loyal fans. And
there are a few minor inaccuracies that obsessive fans might notice, but
they do not really harm the plot. If you want the WHOLE story, with all of
J.K. Rowling's wit and delightful dialogue, read the book. I encourage you
to read the book and/or buy the audio tape, which Jim Dale brings to life
with some very funny voices. All that aside, the movie is well made, the
action scenes are inspiring, and the cast is superb; especially the kids,
who look and act like kids (amazing). I am looking forward the next (and
the
next and the next).      
			

Whilst appreciating the restraints of turning a book into a film,I felt
the
film missed a lot of the atmosphere and emotion of the book ; the
'characters' were too 'pretty' and 'clean';in a way it missed the 'Magic',
in it's widest sense, of the book.....it was a film for kids........not a
film for everyone.
			

I loved this movie. There were a few jumps in the story I didn't care for
but understand why they're there. This is by far the best FANTASY(not
SCI-FI) movie made to date. I like the idea that it follows the book
rather
closely. Not many movies in the Fantasy field do that. LOTR is good too
but
lacks the action Harry Potter shows.
			

Only one word appeared in my mind after I've watched the movie and also
read the book:excellent!!!!!Rowling succeeded in bringing us to her magic
world to 'learn' her magic and adventure with Harry,Ron and Hermione!While
Chris had been loyal to the book and created the magic  world wonderfully
with his talent and brilliant ideas!The chemical reaction they initiated
made me believe that there are really wizards and witches,and I just can't
stop myself dreaming to be one of them!!!I'm looking forward to the arrival
of 'The Chamber of Secrets' and I totally believe that it will be as
wonderful as its predecessor!
			

I am very thankful I had to watch this movie (comes with the job as a
projectionist) and absolutely loved it.  Special effects great.  Held true
to the book.  Kept everyone's interest.  I can not say anything bad about
the film except now I have to wait for part 2 for 10 months so boo and
hiss.
I have now read all the books so far (4) and can't wait for the 5th book,
the 2nd movie this November, and the DVD (May?).  Anyway EXTREMELY
delightful movie so go see it.  Go Harry:)
			

Everyone, from people have not read the book to the ones who have, have
marveled over this amazing spectacle of a motion picture. The acting and
scenes are amazing and it stays very true to the book. It provides
incentive
if you have not read the book and encourages you to pick up the book and
get
with the rest of the game. See the movie, discover the magic that has
touched the souls of millions. 
			

Harry Potter has captured my imagination and taken it places I've not
thought possible.  The movie was pleasant to look at, with gorgeous
scenery
and eye-popping special effects.  I was shocked to see that 'Harry' hadn't
cracked the top 50 fantasy movies.  Judging by the numbers, I'm in the
minority, but if I compare this series to the Lord of the Rings, there is
no
contest in my opinion.   Harry takes the day.   The Lord of the Rings
would
be a three-hour nap for me.  Perhaps I dislike it because I had to read
'Rings' in school, although I had to read `The Adventures of Tom Sawyer'
and
became a huge life-long Mark Twain fan.The movie is true to J.K. Rowling's wonderful book, and I, for one, cannot
wait until the next installment!

			

Not since the release of Star Wars in the 1970s have I
truly experienced a film, and not just viewed it, until
I was whisked away by the magic and wonder of Harry Potter
and the Sorcerer's Stone. I've read the four books of the
series more than once, and wondered how a film would be
able to capture the fantasy and imagination of such a
writer as J.K. Rowling. The movie was brilliant, with its
special effects,which were incredible, somehow appearing so real! The
adventures of Harry, so wonderfully portrayed
by young Dan Radcliffe, have taken me back to the wonder
and excitement of my own childhood imaginings. I find myself thankful that
my own children, who love the books
and the movie, are experiencing the kind of movie-magic
that made me so happy as a child, when at that time, it
was George Lucas who took us to a galaxy far, far away
to
"lose" ourselves, in awe, at the magic he created...It
seems as though, finally, the magic has returned with the
story of this young boy who is suddenly brought this unex
pected revelation of his unusual heritage, and by the sheer fact of who he
is, he becomes thrust into that powerful struggle of good and evil, when
sometimes it can
be difficult to discern what is the good, what is the evil...We're
cheering
you on, Ms. Rowling, and everyone who has a part in "bringing to life" the
heroic Harry Potter! Keep the magic coming, and thank you!!
			

Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is great. The movie and the books are
excellent. I watched the movie on Macedonian, but I like it. The book is
catastrophally rewritten in Macedonian (many of the original US/UK names are
changed with Macedonian - example. Dursley-Sitnikovski,
Weasley-Lasichkovski, Malfoy-Loshotkovski, Snape-Zajadlivski,
Quirrl-Trepetkovski, McGonagall-Okalkoska and many others). The movie is
great, the best movie in 2001 with Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Ring
and Pearl Harbor.
			

It was Fantastic, exciting, funny and the best movie i have seen for a
long
time. It was Bloody Brilliant as Ron would say.
I love Harry Potter !!!!
How they picked the characters was excellent. They had good judgement and
the actors suited the rolls perfectly. I enjoyed the movie and can't wait
till the 2nd movie comes out. Congratulations Jk Rowling.
You are a great writer and good luck with the next book.
			

Though I have not read the Harry Potter books, I saw this film and found
it
to be truly entertaining and fun movie to see.Whether you are a child, a child at heart, or an adult that enjoys a good
break from reality, it is very likely that you will enjoy watching this
film.The child actors are excellent (why couldn't George Lucas find one good
child actor for Phantom Menace?), as are the adult actors in this film.
The
plot is wonderful.My advice:  sit back, watch the film on a big screen, and enjoy
yourself!
			

The "movie" I feel was awesome!! They did a fantastic job! I had to see it
3
times. The first time, it was great but, I wanted more parts of the book
in
it. After I got over that initial shock. I went back and saw it again,
carefully watching everything so not to miss anything. It was just
exhilarating especially the "Quidditch" game! Even though the movie was 2
1/2 hours "short" it seemed to go by too quickly! I could have watched it
for another 2 1/2 hours and it still would have been too short, but more
aspiring. As my daughter says "it is so cool." The 3rd time (as they say)
"was the charm." It is a very fun and charming movie and we can't wait for
the next movie to be released of the 2nd book "Harry Potter and The
Chamber
of Secrets," and don't forget to read the 5th book of the series as well
as
the ones before, they contain so much more interesting information that if
you liked the movie and haven't read the books, you will love them
too!!!!!
			

Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (Or known in the US as Harry
Potter
and the Sorcerer's Stone) is the first movie in the Harry Potter books. I
have read the books, and found that the movie was very true to the movie.
I
believe that Chris Columbus did an excellent job in this movie, which
seemed
to make the whole world of Hogwarts come alive. Also, we must stop and
thank
Daniel Radcliffe(Harry), Rupert Grint(Ron Weasley), Emma Watson(Hermione
Granger), Richard Harris(Albus Dumbledore), Maggie Smith(Professor
McGonagall),Robbie Coltrane(Hagrid)  and the rest of the cast of this
wonderful movie. I have never seen a movie so true to it's
book.I have read many reviews which have stated that some parts were left out
of
the movie. Yes, I will admit to that. Some parts were left out, but if
they
had indeed included every single part the movie would be 10 hours long. I
do
have to admit that the Quidditch scenes were exactly as I had imagined
them,
and was ecstatic to see them on the big screen.All in all, I found that this movie was excellent, and give it two thumbs
up! I can't wait for the next movie to come out into theaters, Harry
Potter
and the Chamber of Secrets. I love being submersed into the world of
Hogwarts, and will certainly watch this movie more than
once!
			

This Film was one of the best I have seen since 1975. I thought that the
characters gelled together very well. Best of all they were an all British
cast. Having Read "Harry Potter's Philosopher's Stone" before the film. I
felt that they stuck to the book and you couldn't fit the whole story in
110
minutes. Despite this the musical added to the magic and the young actors
played their part really well. My favorite character was Ron Weasley as he
added a comical dimension to the film.I very much look forward to seeing the sequel in December.If it doesn't win an Oscar then it will be a shame.  
			

I would like to say harry potter is a great movie because it showed the
innocence in a child very beautifully.GOD always wanted to man to be
innocent so he gave man a  fortunate chance to be a CHILD  first then
adult.just look at sheer INNOCENCE in harry potter.it takes any human mind
into their fantasies, the dreams they use to see of wizards and win of
good
over evil.In GOD'S world innocence transcends logic and intelligence.FULL
points to HARRY
			

This was a really great movie! It was almost the exact same as the
book(Which is good cuz most movies are a lot different from the book). I'm
ready for the next Harry Potter movie (Harry Potter and the Chambers of
Secrets) and the 5th Harry Potter book!
			

This is movie is great. First i did not want to go, thinking it's movie
for
children, but i am not sorry i went. The plot is well done, the special
effects are more than great. It's a movie about courage, friendship,
discovering your inner strength, so it's a movie for everybody! My advice:
go see it! You won't regret it!
			

First off, I just have to say that since I have discovered Harry Potter, I
have been excited by his adventure and the imagination involved (although I
have found other commentors haven't). I get a rush of excitement when I know
that what I'm about to read is new and full of amazing characters, places
and ideas. That's what "Harry Potter" is - a land full of magical brilliance
where you can let your mind wander - it's incredible. Now you wonder how a
movie can live up to that? Well I have to say that it is exactly what I
expected - which is a lot. It lives up to its counterpart and  passes with
flying colours. Everything is how I imagined it to be down to the very last
piece of chicken on the plates at the feasts. This movie is a trip to your
imagination and could not be better!
			

And so the first novel of the children's fantasy series that author J.K.
Rowling brought into the world is transformed to visual life for the big
screen. Directed by Chris Columbus, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, an 11-year-old who has been living
his life thus far with his Muggle aunt, Muggle uncle, and Muggle cousin.
See, Muggles are humans that possess no magical abilities. Harry, on the
other hand, has found that when he's excited or angry, he is able to do
things of a sorcerous nature. One day a mysterious letter arrives, which
the
Muggle adults endeavor to keep away from him. Harry finally gets his hands
on the letter, and discovers that he's been invited to attend a school of
wizardry. And it's off to a magical world that he goes.He begins attending Hogwarts School of Wizardry, where he quickly makes
friends with Ron and Hermione (Rupert Grint and Emma Watson,
respectively).
As he acquaints himself with his surroundings and adjusts to the destiny
that he must now accept, he becomes embroiled in a mystery whose
consequences, unless thwarted, could spell doom for all of wizarddom. See,
there is an evil lord named Voldemort, who seeks the power of immortality
via the Sorcerer's Stone, which is kept hidden on the school's property.
To
make things even more lively, Voldemort is the one who killed Harry's
natural parents, and he seeks to do in Harry as well.I approached this quite aware that the story would, based on its source
material, be imaginative and probably charming. But I also knew that Chris
Columbus was at the helm -- he's the director of some very, very
conventional Hollywood hits, including Home Alone, Bicentennial Man, and
Mrs. Doubtfire. Yet, I was willing (as I am with any movie) to let the
individual film speak for itself.And it turns out that Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is very good.
What works best about it is the non-stop commitment to imagination that is
present throughout. Every scene is one of colorful inspiration, in terms
of
characters, plot developments, and fantastical touches.The characters are many, and accomplished actors are everywhere. Our three
young leads -- Harry and his two friends -- are all very cinematically
friendly. They're funny, and they're cute. It's easy to root for these
kids,
particularly if you're a kid yourself (even one at heart, of course).
Unfortunately, a lot of the sideline characters, such as Nearly Headless
Nick (John Cleese), Mrs. Weasley (Julie Walters), and Mr. Ollivander (John
Hurt), are barely in the movie. Their appearances are little more than
cameos.Many, many scenes throughout the movie (dare I say all of them?) possess a
potent creative energy that can be enjoyed during the fact and admired
after
the fact. The game of Quidditch is a stand-out, reminding me of the
speeder
bike chase in Return of the Jedi. This sequence is longer than that one,
which is probably the reason it seems to work just about as well -- if the
effects aren't really wildly new here, they make up for it in
length.And there perhaps lies my main complaint with the film. Cinematically,
there's nothing new going on here. Everything is done very well -- and it
never sinks to Columbus's brand of schmaltz -- but it's all noticably
conventional. No new ground is broken. The effects, the editing, the
acting,
the cinematography -- all good, but all similar to that which has gone
before. Even the score, by John Williams, while enchanting, has a certain
dj vu quality. Of course, none of that will matter to the target
audience.
And it shouldn't, really.There you have it. I'm recommending Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.
Kids are gonna freak over this one. Many, many of tomorrow's adults will
be
saying, "You know what my favorite movie was when I was a kid?" And
they'll
be saying it was Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I happen to think
that the movie's primary virtues stem from the source material, the novel
itself. But I give director Chris Columbus credit for being cinematically
true to that literary vision.Final Verdict: 8.5/10
			

first of all, a warm of applause for Christ Columbus for trying his very
best to be faithful as possible to the book.Now for the comments: I understood that it is obvious that some scenes might
be cut or added on the movie if it's a book. There were several characters,
scenes and minor whatsits not included in the film. For example is the
Potions scene where Hermione amazingly answer the logic riddle. Peeves, an
important character to take part of the mischief of Harry Potter. and who
knows what else. I've only seen it once, but I'm pretty sure there are more
scenes missing.But the best part of this film is the actors. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint
and Emma Watson are brilliant and perfect to fit their parts. They are all
adorable and they hold their characters with pride! Same goes with the other
characters of the film, (I'm getting tired of typing their names, so sorry!)
they are all wonderful!All in all, I'd still give this movie a 9.5/10. yes, there were slight
"imperfections" and others but I enjoyed the movie. seeing it FINALLY on the
big screen (after months and months of anticipation), having full view of
the Quidditch scene (yeah!), and experiencing the real magic. Although my
imagination as I read books will never fade, it's nice to see a close-enough
adaptation of a wonderful book. Cheers!!
			

"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a magical film-one that evokes a
sense of wonder. I have not read the novel on which it is based but
everything in this film looks impressive. The story, visual effects, and
acting are all outstanding. I look forward to the next installment. (****
out of ****)
			

If u didn't read any of the books especially the first one in this
rivetting series then the movie probably wasn't as good for you as it
was for someone who was already familiar with what the difference
between Gringotts and Hogsmeade were. I know that when i went with my
family my parents kept asking me questions about what everything was and
when all the words meant. After coming back from the movie my father was
inspired to start reading the books. I have read them all and thought
they were wonderful, I cannot wait for the next one this coming summer
and i'm also anticipating the next movie. J.K. Rowling has finally
captured writing for all ages to enjoy. In conclusion all i have to say
is READ
			

Harry Potter is a wonderful movie and the best I have seen this year and
one
of the best films to respect the book. The actors are great, especially the
children. Very promising.
Very entertaining for all ages, great visual effects, exciting action with
quiddich and excellent costumes and make up. Everything about this movie
drips of oscars
			

Harry Potter is a much more elegant and  seamless film. LOTR was missing
too
many parts and such. Really, HP was interesting and visually aesthetic. I
am
thankful Spielberg didn't get his hands on this film and put that Haley
Joel
Osment kid in there. I shudder to think what that would be
like.
Anyway, anyone who feels this film offend wiccas should shake their heads.
I
mean, it is only a kids movie, that's like saying Star Wars is offensive to
NASA. 
			
I found this movie to be very faithful to the book. The special effects
were
very realist and especially the people, in those paintings, we could see
moving. But I wouldn't let some toddlers and little kids see this movie
since there`s some scary scenes. But still, it`s an excellent movie made
for
anyone.

			

Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is one of the best pictures of
all
time, but yes the best adaptation of all time. I saw it on november 29 (a
day that I will never forget) and I camo out of the cinema because I was
really surprised. I didn't expect it to be so escelent, I was a fan of teh
books but I was afraid of the movie, but now I am also a fan of the movie.
I
went to saw it whit my familie (we were 12) and we all came out of the
theater happy because this film cause that, happines. The movie has a
magic,
friendship, darknes and happines that is not usual in the films tha we
used
to see. I must sais that I was no dissapointed with the film but yes
surprised. I think that this film is the best in something: adaptation,
because I read the book for second time a week before it comes to theaters
and I think that in the film they respect the book perfectly, so I put to
Harry Potter an the Philosopher Stone a 10, so don't listen to the stupids
that said that is wrong because you are losing a future
classic.
			

I really did not want to see this movie.  I hadn't read any of the books
and
all the hype surround Harry Potter was a big turnoff for me.  However, I'm
very glad I got talked into seeing it.I loved almost everything about Harry Potter (some of the acting could
have
been better, but I don't think it detracted much from the finished
product).
The story was captivating and incredibly imaginative.  The costumes and
set
design were wonderful.  The special effects were extremely well done.  The
actors that played Harry, Ron, and Hermione were adorable and looked like
they were naturals for their parts.This movie captured my attention from the very beginning and held it until
the closing credits.  I can't wait for the next movie to be
released!
			

Being a big fan of the Harry Potter books, I was very excited when I first
heard they were making a movie a little over a year ago. Failing to be able
to get tickets on opening night, I saw it the next night, and preceded to
see it 2 more times. Let me just say, if you loved the books, you'll love
the movie! Even if you haven't read the books, you'll most likely love the
experience that is Harry Potter. 
Though lacking some character development and some satire of the book,
Columbus made a wonderful adaption of the already cult classic.The storyline is simple enough, Harry is living with his horrible aunt and
uncle and spoiled cousin Dudley, until letters start arriving from Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Despite Uncle Vernon's strong believes in
anti-magic, Harry goes to Hogwarts, and the story unravels from there.Wonderful, suspenseful, captivating. Daniel Radcliffe didn't do the greatest
acting job, but everyone else in the movie was absolutely perfect, esp.
Snape and Dumbledore. Terrific casting for Ron and Hermione, they couldn't
have been better. In the future we can expect great things from
them.The special effects could have been a bit better, but overall, this is an
awesome movie that everyone should see. A great DVD buy no matter what. This
movie will keep you on the edge of your seat and Columbus makes sure to stay
true to the book. Fans of all ages will be spell-binded by Harry Potter and
the Sorcerer's Stone!
			

My son and I were looking very forward to seeing the movie as we have read
all 4 books.  I've never seen a movie after reading the book. I now
understand what people mean when they say it's not as good as the book.
Can
it be though?  If it were we would be sitting in a movie house for a good 6
or more hours.  I feel they did a great job with the time they had.  It was
exciting "meeting" the characters and getting a lesson on the correct
pronunciation of the names.  My favorite character was Ron, I loved his
facial expression and his quick wit.  So perfectly cast!  My son's favorite
character was Harry (of course!), he's just perfect for the role.What we have to say to those that use a 1,000 words to rip the movie,  try
turning a classic book to movie then criticize and GET A
LIFE!!WE LOVED IT!!  Can't wait to see the second and hopefully the 3rd and the
4th and.....  
			

Chris Columbus, himself, said that the greatest compliment he
could get would be if, after seeing the movie, you think, "That is
just how I imagined it while reading the book."  Well, Chris, I think
you succeeded, in spades!  Great job!
			

There is one measure that very few movies even qualify for - visceral
thrill.  There were several instances during the movie when I felt an
emotional feeling that you rarely get with movies, especially as a male.
Amongst those rare movies, the sad ones are prevalent and most capable of
extracting emotional attachment by the viewer.The rarer species are those movies that generate positive exuberance.  In
my
case, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is one of
them.Having read all 4 books to my son, I was quite familiar with the subject
matter.  Despite fore-knowledge of the plot, I was enraptured by the story.
I felt like a kid again, totally entranced by a wonderful story of magic
wrapped around the classic battle of good vs. evil.  Despite all the hype,
I
did not emerge a jaded cynic.  It met all my expectations and perhaps a
little bit more.I felt the casting was excellent.  Snape (Alan Rickman) stands out in my
mind as a perfect match for his role.  I also felt that the adaptation to
film was well done.  Some things are better left in the book.  Some things
actually work better in film, such as the Quidditch match.Some reviewers may say that this movie does not stand on its own.  Perhaps
not, but is that necessarily a bad thing?  Think of it as complement to the
book.  In this case, a great complement!
			

We went because our kids had read the books and were very excited about the
movie. When we got there it was 2 1/2 hours of pure enjoyment. A total
release from reality, a young wizard is sent off to wizard school and the
adventures he gets into. Classic fun.
			

I loved this movie!  I saw this movie before I read the book, and I thought
it was absolutely wonderful.  I loved everything about it: the actors, the
imagery, everything.  I have been reading a lot of other reviews of the
movie, finding that most people didn't like it.  I think that most people
are trying too hard to pick it apart instead of sitting back and enjoying
it.  I can't imagine how they could have made it more perfect.  I have read
the book since then, and I think that the movie followed it quite closely.
After reading so many horrible reviews of the movie, and after reading the
book myself, I wanted to see the movie again.  I saw it for the second time
last night, and I STILL LOVED IT!  I don't think you have to be a kid to
enjoy it either, as I am 21 myself.  I think you just have to have an
imagination.
4 out of 4 stars.
			

This movie is the coolest movie ever.  I love Harry Potter, and the movie.
Ron (Rupert Grint) is my favorite Character, and he did really good(And
he's
cute) I love the movie, it's a mixed feeling movie your sad, then your
happy
at the same time, IT'S the BEST movie YET! 
			

I saw this movie a few days after it came out, and let me tell you, it was
wonderful. I am what most people call a Harry Potter fan, bordering on a
fanatic. I was shocked however, when I saw it, I thought it would be EXACTLY
like the book, but I found it wasn't, in fact, I found many things in the
movie that did not correspond with the book, but I will not name them, so I
don't spoil the movie for you, like most critics on tv and newspaper do.
Bottom line: if you get a chance to see it, WATCH IT!!  Its well worth the
money.
			

No movie can be like a book, but if I had to choose which of the book
based
movies I ve seen follows the book best and closest that would be Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. The changes were so few that the unfair
negative commends I hear here and there for this movie made me to right a
review about it.The acting is awesome, even from the kids, while the graphics and effects
are stunning. The scenic environment, the castle, the location everything
is
so beautiful. The movie makes you believe you are living in it, like the
book does.One negative commend is that the movie goes little bit fast but then there
is so much to cover so I can forgive that.So I give it a 10, just trying to make out of all the unfair ratings. I
belive the average result should be around 8 - 8.5 if not
more
			

omg this movie was sooooo cool, snape was hilarious, i was cracking up
every
time i saw him!!!! i seriously think that this is the greatest movie i've
ever seen in my life!!! it is definately worth the $5.75 to get in to see
it. everyone in the movie is soooooo good.(although, when i was reading
the
book, i pictured mcgonagall to be younger than she is in the
movie-but...IT'S ALL GOOD) omg go see this movie if you haven't yet, it's
sooooo good
			

How anyone could fail to enjoy this movie is beyond me. All the magic of
the
book was beautifully brought to life, and I was glad to be exiting the
theatre into the darkness so that I could carry the magic with me a little
longer, without being distracted by the mundane, ordinary world we live
in.
The director did a wonderful job of casting. Harry, Ron, Hermione and
Hagrid
were exactly as I imagined them, and all of the child actors did a superb
job.My only disappointment was that the movie wasn't about 10 hours longer so
that I could have seen more of the story on screen. I will be first in
line
to see the sequel.
			

The casting of this movie was genius.  Everyone was just as I pictured
while
reading the book.  The scenery, the effects, everything was right on the
money.   Even the Quidditch match was just as I had imagined.  I am
eagerly
awaiting the release of "The Chamber of Secrets".
			

Traditionally books converted to movies lose a little something in
translation. I have to say that Harry Potter was one of the most faithful
adaptations that I have ever seen.Its a great children's book, and a great movie. Its exciting, has a very
surprising ending, and all the characterization is wonderful.The only petty criticism I can make, is that I found the CGI animation to be
a lot cruder than the CGI used in other contemporary films, and much of it
was unnecessary. But that is the barest of nitpicking.Its a great movie, and I'm glad its such a success.
			

After many years spent directing mediocre/awful films, Chris Columbus has
finally found his fated place in cinema.  "Harry Potter..." (thankfully)
bears little resemblance to Home Alone but is far more reminiscent of the
wonderful mid-80s years when Columbus was writing the likes of "The
Goonies", "Gremlins" and "Young Sherlock Holmes" while Spielberg produced
them.  Like these older films, "Harry Potter..." isn't condescending to the
younger audience both in its material (scary moments and violence) and its
length.Columbus and Kloves clearly made the (correct) assumption that most children
who see the film will have read the book.  With that in mind, they manage to
cover a huge amount in the 2 1/2 hours that could well leave new-comers in
the dark.  Even at this length, however, there is still a good deal missing
from the film, most noticeably Peeves the Poltergeist who was cut out at the
last minute.  Personally, I feel that the film could have spent a further 10
or 15 minutes showing more of the everyday life of Hogwarts covering more
lesson time thus allowing for more animosity to develop between Malfoy and
Harry, and between Ron and Hermione before the troll incident.  With any
luck, the DVD might provide us with some of the missing
material.Overall, the film has shown the potential for an incredible series which, at
least for the younger viewers of today, could certainly rival the Star Wars
series.  Indeed 2002 is set to stage an epic battle of sequels - Star Wars
II Vs Harry Potter 2 (as well as Lord of the Rings 2).  Judging by the
Phantom Menace, "Chamber of Secrets" is looking far more promising than
"Attack of the Clones"...
			

Good Movie, but not in my top 100. This movie had good special effects but
that is not what a movie is all about. Its only 80 percent of what a movie
should be about. This movie was 90 percent special effects. It was also way
too long and could have been shortened by 25 minutes. I hope Chamber of
Secrets is not as long as this one. Harry Potter, Pearl Harbor, and Castaway
are way too long. But two of those are on my top 100.
			

As one who got into the story of Harry Potter through my kids I found the
books to be excellant.  I was as concerned as everyone about how well this
would be translated onto the screen, (I remember 'Dune') I needn't have
worried.  The film could not possibly have adapted all of the book.  The
most important thing is that the film caught it's essence, it had done this
and some.The film is quite simply brilliant.  The performances all shine, I have to
say that my favourite is Hermione.  From the opening scenes to the final
chess game you are gripped and the time flies by.  One of my favourite
scenes is the Quiditch match.The story starts with Harry being left with his 'muggle' Aunt and Uncle and
their son and then developes as per the book.  The scenes at the railway
station and the first years arrival at Hogwarts are as magical as you
imagine.  This is one for the whole family to see again and again.
			

This is one of the best adaptations of a book into a movie that I have
ever
seen. The movie's quality goes deeper than that, though. The settings
brought Harry's world to life beautifully. The casting was nothing less
than
inspired. When I saw the characters walking around I felt as though I had
been transported into the book, much as Harry was transported into Tom
Riddle's diary in "The Chamber of Secrets" (I can't wait for that one to
come out).I am a reader more than a movie watcher. This movie was more book than
movie, may the gods be thanked.
			

I had my expectations as I sat down in the movie theatre on the 2 December
2001 to watch Harry Potter, afterall there was all the hype and the reviews
were amazing but nonetheless being the critique extraordinaire that I
usually am I decided to remain totally open minded and make up my own
opinions.  What can I say, I was temporarily transported into a world of
sheer bliss that I so wanted to remain in and hope it never ended.  I call
it my escape into the magical world of Harry Potter, what funtastic stuff
this was.  Now I am feverishly looking for all 4 books to purchase and keep
for my kids some day so that they too can be part of this wonderfully
exciting realm of fantasy.  Am I over-reacting...no its not often that we
as
adults of the 20 century can truly loose ourselves in a magic wonderland
ever so often. Everything little minute detail right down to charming Mr.
Radcliffe was perfect so all thats left to say without giving away too much
is that you haven't really been a child or an adult for that matter if you
miss out out this one!!!!
			

I'm over 50, and not a huge fan of wizards and sorcerers, etc, but this
movie was terrific!  The effects were great, and the story was
interesting.
In a crowded theatre, not one person got up to use the can or buy junkfood
during the whole movie.  And with my 50+ bladder, to have a movie keep me
engrossed in it for over two and a half hours, it must be a pretty darn
good
flik.  And Harry Potter was!  I can't wait for the next
one.

			

I remember when it was first released that there would be a movie and the
millions of fans started asking questions like: who will play Harry and
who
will play Hagrid. Then people started thinking that there was no way the
movie could be as good as the book and were sure Chris Columbus would
screw
it up. When the film finally came out people went expecting to see a bad
movie made simply to make money from all the fans. But it was so much more
than that the movie would be popular even without the popularity of the
book
it is good in it's own right and Daniel Radcliff was perfect for the part
of
Harry. 
			

To say the least I love these books. Some might say I'm obsessed , but I'm
not, I've only read all of them at least 4 times. But this is all beside
the
point. When I went to see Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, I had
prepared myself for disappointment, because every movie that is based on a
book is never as good as the books. But I was surprised . The movie was
very
accurate, they just cut out some of my favorite parts. Like Norbert the
Dragon, he has a whole chapter designated to him in the book but in the
movie he has like 4 min. But then again they couldn't have this be a 4
hour
movie. But the main thing that I was upset about them cutting out, was one
of my favorite lines.
But don't get me wrong the movie was so accurate you could practically
read
along, well not quite but you get my point. This is probably because J.K.
Rowling overlooked the making of the movie.
My father who was the only on in my family who has not read the books,
loved
the movie, and this has caused him to start reading "Harry Potter and the
Chamber of Secrets". Which I imagine is happening everywhere. Which is
great
because the books are wonderful and have morals, like even if everyone
hates
you there is someone out there that will love you. And plus reading is
fundamental. Which would help our world in the bad shape it is
in.
			

Usually when I go to see a movie like this, I have extremely high hopes
since the trailer is so promising. And then you actually see the movie...
and get even more surprised! This is just one of those movies you wanna
see
again, and again, and again, and... I think you get the picture. I have
only
seen it once, but this movie just made me even more wanting towards the
next
movie and just calls out for me to see it again. I might be 21 by now, but
belive me, age and magic are 2 things never forgotten! The actors, the
scenes, the special effects and lets not forget the score by none other
then John Williams (Star Wars, Indiana Jones), making this movie a journey
into a place you do not wanna leave once you are there. Experience the
movie, and be a wizard yourself...
			

I love reading books ever since I was a child and I enjoy movies just the
same. As it goes, I was disappointed so many times when seeing a movie
after
reading the book it was based on. (There were very few exceptions.) I have
also seen, end enjoyed, most (if not all) of the great movie phantasies
created during the 20th century. And, I don't remember saying the word
"masterpiece" about the movies too often.Now this movie brings together all potentials to be the most successful of
all time:
- based on the book already  a revolution in its popularity
- manages to convey to the viewer the same atmosphere from the book, and
even enhances it using the balanced amount of animation
- had an agressive advertising campaign
- employs the cream of the British acting.There is certainly more, but I feel this should be enough for a quick
review. And, I must say, I feel almost guilty for trying to analyse such a
remarkable piece of art - I should really say only 6 words:I WANT TO SEE IT AGAIN!
			

I've waited a while to see Harry Potter.  I've read the books, loved the
world, and admittedly, I've been a little hesitant as I've watched this
great series overmarketed to the point where it's almost the next
Pokemon.Fortunately, the movie retains the dignity of the book.I've seen a lot of mixed reaction to this film.  Some absolutely love it. 
Others think it slow-paced and incredibly dull.  I think the enjoyment of
this film will be based on if you read the books or not.  I do think some of
the terminology and "understoods" of the character motivations in the movie
would be somewhat incomprehensible for someone not initiated with Potter's
world.  Hopefully, this would prompt the uninitiated to read the books
before they blast this movie or see the next one.  The source material is
very accurate with only minor deviations.That aside, as someone who HAS read the book, I thought the film was quite
simply delightful; a term that I normally don't use in describing a film. 
It adequately captures the moments that made the book so much fun to read. 
It captures all the details of the books, from Halloween to Christmas, the
the "Return of the Jedi"-esque (in speed and pacing at least) Quidditch
match, and even the moments of Harry's wonder of his new world as well as
his feelings of dealing with the truth of the loss of his parents.  What
moments I feared would be lost in the translation were kept in there.  As
for the cast themselves, the children playing Harry, Ron and Hermione were
very likable and accurate to their book counterparts.  The same goes for the
adults as well.True, like any book-based movie, there are changes.  The good news is that
even if they moved a conversation or act, they normally made reference to it
in some way rather than forgetting it.  The biggest omission I noticed was
the removal of Peeves.  Hopefully, he'll make a return in the second
film.Another thing people have criticized about this film is John Williams'
score.  Yes, it does not have the impact of say Star Wars, E.T., Indiana
Jones or Schindler's List, but it does add to the film and not "overwhelm"
it "sell the movie" like a lot of people feel it does.  There's no one
forcing hands or wallets to go buy the soundtrack.  Perhaps people wanted a
soundtrack with Jessica Simpson or yet another film with Smashmouth's
"All-Star" placed in it. As a fan, I had a good time with this film, and was glad to see that they
kept the feel of the book as well as they did.  For a "children's" (I used
the term loosely based off the number of adults who enjoy it as well) film,
clocking in around 2 1/2 hours is a pretty long time to ask kids to sit
through, but I think older kids will be able to.  Plus, there are a few
scenes that may be a bit too intense for the little ones, such as dealing
with Voldemort and Fluffy.I recommend this film.  It's easily one of the best I've seen for this year.
 I will, however, give this recommendation: If you don't know Harry Potter,
I really suggest reading the book before or directly after seeing this film
so you can make comparisons to it.  You'll find the two don't change that
much from the other, and knowing the source material beforehand, while not
mandatory, will certainly help make the experience that much more enjoyable.
 And if you don't want to read the books, ask someone close by.  You'll run
across more people who know of it than don't.One can only wonder how long a film the phonebook-sized Book 4 will
be....
			

Ok I won't pretend to be a great movie critic, cause lets face it is there
one? But I will say this, Hollywood hasn't really impressed me much these
past few years. I have been to the movies a total of 4 times in the past 4
years. Thats it. Its because nothing has seemed all that interesting, until
Harry Potter came out. Now I have read all the books a few times, and
thought the movie was just awsome. I went with a friend who had never read
the books and she loved it too. Yes it left parts out, but this is the
first
book to cinema movie that I can say wasn't a letdown. I am anxiously
awaiting the 5th book and second movie releases.
			

My wife read the book over a year ago and told me I would like it. I said,
"Yeah it seems interesting, but it's for little kids". I therefore saw it
in
the theatre without reading the book first. I loved every minute of the
film, from start to finish. I haven't enjoyed a movie in the theatre that
much since Braveheart in '95. Knowing that books are always better than
the
movie versions, I realized my wife was right and that by falsely
"assuming"
it was only for kids, I cheated myself out of sheer enjoyment for quite
some
time. I purchased the book a week after watching the movie and upon
finishing it, I was thoroughly amazed at how well the screenwriters
adapted
the story to film. Some people say that too much was left out. I say
"Hogwash". This was a wonderful story, and the adaptation was as good as
it
could have been. Most people haven't ever seen a script and therefore
don't
realize that even a long script is extremely 'abbreviated' compared to a
literary narrative. The filmmakers get an A+ on this one or rather, a 10
rating. Also, Thanx J. K. Rowling, for inventing a wonderful world in
which
people of ALL ages can readily escape.
			

This is one of the best adaptations of a novel that I've ever seen, I am an
absolute fan of Harry Potter!!! Daniel Radcliffe does an excellent job
playing our young wizard-to-be and the rest of the cast are just amazing. I
can't wait until the next installment comes out, the books contain such
excellence that I was afraid the movie was going to be too hyped up. But I
knew I wasn't the only one just blown away by this movie, everyone all ages
just loved it
			

It's really a spectacular movie; they got the music PERFECTLY as well as
the
actors, it's not many who could make a film like this and have it be such
an
international success.  I congratulate them for that, as well as the
superb
actors they selected.  
			

I've seen this movie twice, and it was just as great the second time.  I
rarely see movies in the theater, much less repeats.  It had wonderful
casting, around the book, not around any particular star.  It was the
filming of a book, not the making of a movie, and stayed relatively
faithful
to the original, especially compared to most adaptations of popular books.
A definite must-see for adults and children alike.  The first time I saw
it
was with my parents and 18-year-old brother, the second with my
27-year-old
fiance.  We all enjoyed it as much, and perhaps more than, the children in
the theater.
			

I just love hearing the comments by all of these so called "movie experts".
They moan and groan about bad acting, bad special effects, bad directing,
blah blah blah. Can you even comprehend the difficulty of what they set out
to do in making this film? Bad acting? Radcliffe does an outstanding job of
playing Harry Potter exactly as he is in the books. Very laid back,
unassuming, quiet. The comments about John William's score just crack me up. Where the heck
have you been the last 30 years. The guy is brilliant - the music was
perfect for this movie, one of the highlights. The music in SWPM was one of
the things that held the movie above water. It is common for people to gain attention by disliking something that is
popular. Heck, we have a whole generation of people who don't know what they
like because they are too concerned with what they don't like. I've read the books in the series twice. Yes, some things were left out.
It's a movie - that's what always happens. Did you want an 8 hour movie?
Heck, The Stand was over 6 hours and only contained about 25% of what was in
the book. My expectations when going into the theater were:  It's not going to be
exactly like the book; It's a kids movie, so expect a kids movie; Hope the
child actors can pull off their roles and give me a visual representation of
the wizard world and the characters that is similar to what I have in my
mind This movie surpassed my expectations. The acting was good (great at times),
the music was great, and the movie appeals to everyone. It held my interest
for the entire 2.5 hours and seemed to be over before it started. It's nearing the $200 million mark. Argue all you want about it being a bad
movie - it's pointless. You'll be in such a minority your comments won't
even matter. Go see the movie if you haven't, it's great for what it is.
			

Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was a great book, and was also a
great
movie, 2 hours well spent, in my opinion, the actors and actresses were
superb, and I can only hope that the 'Harry Potter and The Chamber of
Secrets' does justice to the wonderfully written book when it comes
out.
			

This movie is one of the best ones I've seen in a long time. It was really
well made and the acting was good. Although they did skip a scene from the
book that I really wanted to see, it was just like the book. I can't imagine
why anyone wouldn't want to see this movie or read the books.
			

A movie could never *completely* do justice to this wonderful book, but
this
one comes just about as close as it possibly could!  Every character,
every
prop, every set, is *exactly* as I pictured it while I was reading the
book.
It literally felt as if the movie had jumped right out of my mind onto
the
screen.  From the moment Harry got on the Hogwarts Express, I just sat
there
with a big dumb grin on my face!  The kids are adorable, and all the
acting
is superb.  A *very* faithful adaptation of the book, and a lot of fun to
watch.  And with a great soundtrack (of course) by John Williams, how
could
you go wrong?!
			

Harry Potter met many standards that were hard to step up to, considering
the imaginative depictions that J. K. Rowling created. The film was able
to
meet many of those standards, becoming one of the only films to
successfully
portray an outstanding book. Not only was the story almost true to its
form
but it also was visually stunning. Plus, the cast could not have been
better. To be honest, I was fearful of butchery caused by the bad acting
skills that children generally provide. Thank goodness for the excellent
casting director who placed Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson,
and
Tom Felton in this movie. Though they are all young they have talent
beyond
that of their peers. If not for the visually stunning beauty and acting
alone, Harry Potter is a must-see film.
			

If Harry Potter has been released in the nearest theater to you, then hop on
your broomstick and get down there now for an experience as good as the book
itself!Harry Potter is a must see movie, if you are a Potter fan or not!I was impressed that the tale of Harry Potter was turned into a film so
well. Excellent acting, my personal favorite was Hagrid played by Robbie
Coltrane. The movie sets are amazing, Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry is
one of the most incredible movie sets ever. In Wizard buildings, the people
in the paintings move and live their own lives, which is quite funny at
first. As impressive as the movie is, it is not as in-depth as the books (as most
book to movie film are). To receive the best experience, read the books!
They are incredible and any age group will enjoy them. John Williams (Star Wars and lots more films) has composed a excellent score
that really matches the theme of the movie. It sounds very mysterious and
dark, but it has triumphant moments as well, like the Quidditch
Match.I will finish this review now so you have enough time to get down to your
local cinema and live the experience NOW! 
			

Many film critics seem to be hitting some of the same points in their
reviews:  The film is too faithful to the book; the film is too long; the
director didn't take enough risks; there's 'something missing' here.
Generally, I do agree that the film had one too many set pieces, but I
disagree that the film was too faithful to its source.  I think nearly all
the scenes in "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" were necessary to
tell
the whole story, something most Hollywood movies have a hard time doing
these days.  Isn't it refreshing to see a film where each scene actually
flows logically into the next?The one scene I had a tough time warming up to was the "Troll"
sequence.  I thought it was an unbelievable contrivance in the book, and
it
was even worse in the film.  Of course, at scene's end, the audience needs
to see a glimpse of Professor Snape's bloodied leg so as to heighten
suspense, but this moment could have been combined with a different scene
to
make the story more efficient.  Other than that, I thought many of the
book's subplots were appropriately condensed or excised.In some ways, the film improves upon the novel.  Steven Kloves'
script
wisely sidesteps the inane commentary of Lee Jordan during the Quidditch
match.  And I felt that the result of the showdown between Potter and
Voldemort was more satisfying in the film than in the novel.  Of course,
with all the trimming and cutting, it's unfortunate that certain great
quips
and exchanges between characters are given the axe, but I must say that
the
filmmakers have created a compelling drama which, for the most part,
captures the essence of Rowlings' popular book.Overall, Chris Columbus' direction is solid, if not particularly
brilliant.  Columbus has often exhibited solid crafstmanship over the
years,
and here, his skill lies in bringing the story to the audience in a
straight-forward, but engaging way.The acting is quite strong.  Daniel Radcliffe plays Harry as the
cool,
calm center of the film.  Rupert Grint displays expert comic timing as the
underpriveleged, but spirited Ron Weasley.  nd Emma Watson captures
perfectly the precociousness of Hermione Granger.  Of the adults, all are
stellar, with Alan Rickman and Robbie Coltraine standouts as the sinister
Professor Severus Snape and giant groundskeeper Rubeus Hagrid,
respectively.Regarding the score, John Williams occasionally overwhelms the action
with obvious emotional payoffs.  But his score also creates gentle lyrical
moments, as when Potter sits and stares out the window at the moonlit lake
during his very first night at Hogwarts.One wonders how the Academy will warm up to the picture.  It
certainly
has an epic quality and seems to possess all the elements of a classic
film.
I predict that it will receive nominations for Costume, Makeup, Visual
Effects, Sound, and Editing, but not Best Picture.  However, with such
paltry offerings at the multi-plexes this year, who knows what could
happen?

			

I went and saw Harry Potter yesterday and I thought that it was a very good
movie....I must admit I liked the book better though...but it was a good
effort in portraying the book.  The special effects were very good and I
really liked the Quidditch scenes.  I would go and see this movie again and
it's on my "to buy list".  I can't wait until the second one comes out
though..I haven't read all the Harry Potter books but I'm getting them for
Christmas and I can't wait to finish them all.  I couldn't put down Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone...it was an excellent book...I would
recommend this book to many people and I give the book an A++++++ but I give
the movie a B+
			

The movie was well made, and it was true to the book, there wasnot a lot of "Hollywood" influences.  However, the movie did notprovide much insight into the characters such as AlbusDumbledore and Hagrid.  However since the book was so longand packed with details, it is difficult to make all of the informationinto a reasonably short movie.  Therefore you are provided withone long 2 hour rising climax, until the very end when you aregiving a conclusion to all of the ideas presented throughout themovie.  In contrast, the book provides many scenes in which thereis a rising climax and then conclusions to those scenes. Therefore if you haven't read the book, then you will wonder whyyou are being presented so many different ideas throughout themovie.  I would have to recommend this movie to Harry Potter fanswho have read the book, otherwise you might get buried in all ofthe ideas thrown at you in the theater.     
			

I have previously posted a review for this film and I felt it wasn't long
enough to show how much I enjoyed this film.At the time I typed that
review,I had no idea what to put down.First of all,I would like to mention
that "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a film for the entire family
and is almost 2hrs,30min or a little less of pure family entertainment.This
film is enchanting in every way,providing excitement and fantasy for an
entire audience and a is very surprisingly fun film to watch due to it's
casting.I have never read any of the "Harry Potter" books because I knew
that they were so big I would never catch up.The same thing with
"Superman:The Movie".Never read the comics,although I looked at the
pictures.Well,I read some of the comics but not all of them.I usually do not
compare films to the novels or comics that they were adapted from because it
wouldn't make sense for me.So I look at a book as a book and a movie as a
movie.Alright,so far "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" attracted alot
of audience members and is the kind of film I will see again.I think this
film has a great chance come Oscar time for the Art Direction award."Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is in every way just as fun to watch
tecnically and emotionally.
			

I can't say how great this movie was! I loved it so much! I went in never
reading the books or really wanting to see it, and I didn't think I would
really like it! But I LOVED IT! it was very well done, a great fun movie
with some good morals! The acting was suberb and the kids were very
believable! I loved all the characters, they were great!
			

  Having not read the book & expecting a good film.  I was completely surprised at how much I was captivated by the superbly
acted, written & directed film. The entire productions  MUST  be nominated
for every concievable award.
 for 21/2 hours my eyes were glued to the screen,  BTW  I am a senior
citizen,
  This is a perfect film  for the entire family,
  A special note on the effects,  They were not OVERDONE,  like in  some
films.
			

I think that Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is more than a great
movie, because it is fantastic joy of fantasy, it's like dreaming the
book.
So if you didn't read the book, the film will be kind off empty, because
you
can't dream something you never experienced.
Just read the book first, and than enjoy a great movie, I'm looking
forward
to the next three books, and six movies!!!

			

You know what??  I have NEVER read any type of Fantasy book before.  Just
give me Horror or Suspense story and I am happy.  I really hadn't been
interested in the Harry Potter books, even when I heard that a movie was
in
production or hearing the children at the day-care I work at talked
feverishly about it.  However, one day I did manage to view and add for
the
movie on T.V.  It interested me quite a bit to say the least, and I was
very
curious to understand what these books were all about.  Fortunate for me,
my
mother had been intrigued by the books as well, and we had just gotten her
all four for her birthday.  I picked up the first book, and began to read
it, expecting it to be BORING!!!!   Let's just say it took me three days
to
read Three-hundred and nine pages.  I could not put in down, I have
finished
the first one, and am already through MORE than HALF of the second one. Of
course, after reading the first book, I HAD to go and see the movie.  I
was
so amazed at what I saw, everything I pictured in my mind was exactly like
the movie.  I am now anxiously awaiting the second movie as well.  I am so
mystfied by this, I am convinced that a spell from Harry himself has been
cast on the books or entice people to read them!!  J.K Rowling really is I
believe one of the best authors I have ever read!!  Thank you so much for
sharing your amazing gift with us!!
			

I have to say this movie utterly left me flabbergasted. Not having read J.
K. Rowlings immensly popular novels, and ignoring the jeers of my friends I
went to see this movie with small expectations and returned a huge fan of
Harry Potter.
Where to begin with what the movie does right. First off is the casting of
only British actors especially in the leading roles. To me thinking of some
American actor stumbling around as Potter or Granger faking a British accent
would have been just terrible. Thankfully Chris Columbus who seems to be the
last person I would be praising after Nine Months, decided to steer off from
that Hollywood movie machine idea. And speaking of the actors, they all do a
wonderful job fleshing out the characters especially the young leads. Daniel
Radcliffe finds just the right note making Harry Potter a character every
audience member can envy and cheer at the same time time. Emma Watson plays
the feisty Hermione Granger almost exactly as she is written in the book
with that little bit of tartness I think most young girls have at that age(
at least my sister does anyway.) Tom Felton hits just the right note of pure
arrogance and prissyness as Draco Malfoy that you just want some to stand up
and slap him during the movie. And Rupert Grint has fun delivering some of
the funniest lines in the movie while also becoming equally as heroic as his
two counterparts when the time calls for it. As for their older
counterparts, they all play to greater range than would usually be called
for in a movie of this type. Richard Harris is a standout as headmaster
Albus Dumbeldore and Maggie Smith shines as Minerva McGonagle. Their not
acting because their grandchildren are fans of the books, their in the movie
because they believe in what they are performing.
Another thing to note is Hogwarts itself. Everything is set to the screen
amazingly intricate detail from the great hall to some of the classrooms
themselves. Of special note, one of my favorite parts from the book is also
one of the best set designs in recent memory, the huge wizard's chess board
under Hogwarts. 
I also liked the fact that they didn't point out most of the special effects
(i.e. ghosts, and moving pictures.) Some of these add too the visual flair
of Hogwart's while enhancing the overall setting. When they do focus on
special effects some are grand and exciting like the quidditch match (WOW)
while others just fail to impress like Fluffy the three headed
dog.
Another thing, and this is very minor mind you is the exclusion of Peeves
the poltergeist. As I found him to be one of the funner characters I wish
they could have added him somewhere in the movie. Perhaps in one of the
scenes involving Harry and his friends sneaking around the school at night
while being followed by Mr. Filch the schools caretaker, he could have
popped up. Maybe?
Anyway thats just a small complaint to an otherwise terrific film. Sure its
long, but trust me its well worth the price of the ticket. Take the kids,
they might have as much fun as you will watching it.
			

This adaption of J.K. Rowlings wonderful book Harry Potter and the
Philosophers Stone was easily one of the best book-to-movie adaptions I have
ever seen.  Chris Columbus masterfully was able to retain the feel and
emotion of the book, as well as evoke the power and majesty the book
wrought, while remaining fresh and exciting, not just a stale by-the-numbers
account of what the book said.The thing that always amazed me about the Harry Potter series was its
ability to enchant young and old alike.  It is a masterful work in that the
plots and characters, while complex and compelling for the adult, remain
reachable and invigorating for the child.  On the reverse, while this is
clearly a book written with children in mind, an adult does not come away
feeling like one has read a "kids book".
The same holds true for the movie.  It is certainly much richer and
imaginative than most of the tripe calling itself childrens movies today,
but adults do not feel cheated.  I won't speak about specific scenes or character developments, although I
guarantee those who read the book will see favorite scenes deleted - its
still a 2 1/2  hour movie, but goodness, they couldn't fit EVERYTHING in
there!  A wonderful movie I encourage everyone to see before the biggest movie of
all time - the Lord of the Rings - comes out.
			

I would say that this movie contains the exciting imagination of what J.K.
Rowling has written in her novel, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone."
Although there are parts on the book which are not strictly followed, it
doesn't matter because the movie is more or less presented in a way that
audience will not be bored on it...If you have red the book, you would
feel
the same emotions and excitement in the movie...my favorite part would be
the Quidditch game between Gryffindor and Slytherin...it was like watching
a
cardiac NBA game that will surely thrill everyone...when the game sequence
ended, I stood up and clapped my hands into excitement as the Gryffindor
house wins the game.........

			

This was a great movie.  It was 2 1/2 hours long but deffinatly worth every
bit.   The acting was superb and Daniel Radcliffe portrayed a perfect Harry
Potter.  This film  was true to the book.  The Hogwarts castle was cool.
It
looked so misterious and wizard like(well duh)  They did a wonderful job
with customs and every thing else.  For all the Harry Potter fans,  It will
be something you should not miss!!!!!
I give this Movie a BIG HUGE TEN(10)!!!!!!!!!!!!

			

I think this was the BEST movie that I have ever seen, the special
effects were totally real, there was the acting, Professor
Snape
did one of the best parts!!I love this movie, and so did my mom,
my aunt, my 13 year old sister, her friend, and my Grandma!!
			

This is a perfect movie.  As a matter of fact, it was almost too perfect.
The story (with minor exceptions) is true to the book.  It is visually
beautiful with good acting.  It was like reliving the reading of the book,
because it was so much like I imagined it.  I can't believe it has the
same
rating as, say, the t.v. movie "Night Sins", which was a likeable piece of
trash, but still trash.
			

The movie captures whole heartedly the magic and vigor of the novel. It is
a
movie that will stand the test of time and be deemed a classic. It reminded
me of the first time I watched The Wizard of Oz with premature glee and
open
imagination. For three hours (although it didn't seem that long), I left
Earth and was drawn into the world of Harry Potter. Simply
amazing!
			

I have not read the Harry Potter novels. I should add a "yet" to that
sentance, because I made up my mind to read them when I walked out of the
cinema. This was a fairy-tale, just the way they are supposed to be! It
wasn't too cute or too cartoonish, and it didn't leave out the darker
elements. That, for me, means that the makers have respect for the audience.
This is the kind of movie that children are supposed to see - something that
includes the sad and the scary as well as the happy and
funny.Harry Potter has a very nice Astrid Lindgren-style to it, which I loved,
since Lindgren is one of my favorite authors (Mio my Mio, Lionheart
Brothers, Ronja, Pippi Longstocking and others). In fact, there were a lot
of common elements, like the huge pile of gold coins, the invisibility cloak
and not least, the evil presence of Voldemort who somehow brought Night Kato
and Tengil to mind: someone so dark he can only be fought by a
child.Harry Potter is truly the masterpiece it was made out to be, athough the
movie DID drag out at some points, and it took a little too long for the
actual plot to start up. Nevertheless, I'm givning the movie 10/10.Next stop is the bookstore...!

			

I must compliment Chris Columbus. He has done a "bloody marvelous" job. The
movie fulfills all expectations. There really isn't much more to say. If you
have read the book, SEE THE MOVIE. If not, do it anyway. If you don't like
this movie then your sense of imagination myst be terribly disturbed. You
are probably a little grey man who goes to work in grey suit and spend all
day complaining about almost everything. Wait there is a word for such a
person. MUGGLER!!!!!
			

Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone is a great movie.
Why? Because its the representation of a loyal Hogwarts, like the
book.
Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley), Robbie Coltrane (Hagrid) and Emma Watson
(Hermione Granger) are excellent!!
I love the movie, but... I think the books are better than the movie.If you see the movie, you should read the books
Of you read the books, you should see the movie.
Thats it. 
			

To start off, let me just tell you that I am a great fan of J.K. Rowlings'
books and they have helped me through many a rough day during the last
couple of years. The books are to my believe, in a unique top 10 of books
side by side with Tolkien's masterpieces and the new book "Artemis Fowl" by
Eion Colfer.When that said, let's get on to the film! Well.. to say at least, I went to
see the film with a feeling that it HAD to disappoint me. Little did I know
that I was in for a surprise...The film is - in general - a film which sticks to the story. Without
mentioning the total absence of Madam Pomfrey and a too old Professor
McGonagall, the story line is good.
One thing you are going to enjoy is the scene with Quidditch. I mean, I've
never seen effects that were that good! Brilliant!!
Another thing is Dumbeldore, Hagrid and of course Severus Snape. Those
three
full filled my expectations and was played magnificently
outstanding!All in all a great film. I will not spoil if for you, in case you have
thought of going to see it. A thing, which also must be difficult, is to
make a film out of a bestseller. For the crew of making Harry Potter & the
Philosopher's Stone - it DID. Congratulations.
Already now, I am anticipating the next one... can't wait.Remember: Films are to be seen in the theaters - especially this
MASTERPIECE...

			

I just went to see the movie because of all the hype. I had never even read
the book. That movie was just awesome. It really was immensely enjoyable.
I'll definitely go out and buy the books now. I suggest to anyone who
hasn't
seen it to go out and do so today.
			
I've never read any of the books, but knew that this film appealed to
my tastes. Often I'm worried that a film will not live up to its
expectations, and the bar was set rather high for this film. I'm glad
to be able to report that this movie has earned its current status and
any awards it might receive. The character development went along
rather well, and the details shown in the movie were a beauty to
behold. The length of the movie might prove to lose the interests of
the very young, but all the adolescents in the theater with me were
deeply involved in the movie - another great thing to see! I've rated
this movie a perfect 10, eagerly await the next film, and can't wait
til I get my hands on one of the novels! Thanks for such a wonderful
film!_____June 23, 2007:I've since seen all the movies to date as well as read the 6 books that
are out so far and have my name with the local bookshop for the 7th
when it comes in. I'm eagerly anticipating the next movie and the final
book's release shortly, and am at the same time wondering what will
happen of Harry and the whole "wizarding community" after the 7th book
hits shelves - what are we going to do without them?
			

I loved Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone! Sean Biggerstaff (Oliver
Wood) was packin some major heat! Not only are Harry, Ron, Hermione, Draco,
Neville, Dudley, Seamus and all the rest of the child actors  adorable but
they are incredible actors as well. The older cast was awesome too! I loved
the sets and the special effects. I can't wait to see the rest of the
movies
and more of these actors in other places too. It is a long movie but I was
captivated the whole time and I can't wait to see this movie again and
again
(I've already seen it twice)! I know I don't have the right to tell you to
go see this movie so all I'll say is if you look interested, then
definitely
go see it. You won't be disappointed. And read the books! They are so
awesome, they are phenomenal.Sean Biggerstaff has beautiful eyes and a wonderful accent! He alone is
worth seeing the movie! I am a teenage girl so please take this into
account.
			

Okay, it was not quite as good as the book was. Did anyone expect it to
be?
In books, we use our imaginations. Movies, the imaginations are given time
off. For that alone, people forget that the movies that are based on books
are only certain peoples imaginations instead of our own. But I
digress...The movie was utterly amazing. It had ended far too soon for me. From the
beginning with Dumbledor and his amazing lighter (or is it non-lighter?)
all
the way to the large scale version of Wizard's Chess, this was done with
such taste and was meant to please both the child and the adult. I myself
went to see it with a 4 year old, a 5 year old, a 26 year old, a 45 year
old, and a 75 year old. I was not alone in saying it was worth the crowds
to
get in. We all fell in love that day. As we did with the books years
ago.For anyone reading this that is upset because of the way Harry looked or
that they forgot to put in something in the movie, please keep in mind
that
they made it closer to the book than any movie I have ever seen or heard
of
and that nothing is going to be exact. Also, the movie might have been
about
9 hours if they did put everything in it. So look at it as what it was
intended. A Movie. Not a book.
			

Two and a half hours of pure pleasure.  Not only did it offer an escape
from
the unpleasantness of reality, it gave me a chance to relive my childhood
when I wanted to fly away from home and see what the universe had in store
for me.  Great entertainment. Can't wait for the sequels.
			

    I am not a Harry Potter reader, and therefore, I am not a fan.I wasn't
impressed by this films trailer, it didn't make me excited like the 'Lord of
the Rings' trailer does (I am a huge LOTR fan). But I went to see it
because, lets face it, it is the sensation of the season, and I am a movie
person. I went to be impressed and guess what- I LOVED IT. It was brilliant,
it was funny, it was scary, it was magical, and it was entertaining. Daniel
Radcliffe was wonderful, and extremely cute- I wanted to wrap him up and put
him in my pocket! His companions were also fabulous actors, and all three of
them have a great career in front of them. And then there was the all star
adult cast that are all familiar to movie goers.
    'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' is a movie that will be, and
should be in the movie hall of fame forever. It is a classic child's fantasy
that is now one of my favorites. 

			

HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE (2001) Rating: 10/10I must say that you don't have to be a fan of the books in order to fully
appreciate this film. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that you might
appreciate it even more if you haven't read the book (the three people I saw
it with loved it just as much as me, a person who has read the book). For
one, you have no idea what's going to happen, so everything is
unpredictable. And two, whatever is left out of the book wont bother you.
Having said that, I wont compare and analyze the book and film to death,
like so many others have done already because as a stand-alone film, it's
pretty amazing.The casting is something along the lines of flawless. Rupert Grint is ideal
as Ron, the clownish chess friend with a heart of gold, and Emma Watson IS
Hermione, from her brainy smugness to her fierce loyalty. Daniel Radcliffe,
as the courageous but modest orphan with extraordinary abilities, is utterly
captivating. Harry lives, thanks to this talented twelve-year-old. The
chemistry and friendship between the three is undeniable. Robbie Coltrane IS
Hagrid, the lovable giant with a fondness for dangerous creatures. Alan
Rickman is sufficiently creepy and sinister as Professor Snape. Crisp, stern
Professor McGonagall is brought most believably to life by Maggie Smith,
while John Cleese does a delightful, if brief, turn as Sir Nicholas de
Mimsy-Porpington, the ghost who haunts Harry's dormitory. John Hurt has a
splendid, though again short, appearance as an eccentric wand-maker, Zoe
Wanamaker is wonderfully spirited as flying teacher Madam Hooch and I
enjoyed Ian Hart and Richard Harris as Professor Quirrel and Headmaster
Albus Dumbledore, respectively.Chris Columbus and Steve Kloves did a great job of bringing the story of a
modern-day boy-wonder from the pages of Rowling's incredible book to life.
Columbus clearly has a knack for directing children, he shows it here as
well as in the Home Alone flicks and Mrs. Doubtfire. And since I had
recently seen (and liked) Wonder Boys, a film which Steve Kloves had adapted
and earned an Oscar nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay, I had faith in
his ability to adapt books into films. Most of the important events are
there, with one or two new episodes to replace large amounts of text, which
works just as well.As for the visual effects, they were pretty slick. I've read many reviews in
which people have thought that the effects were bad. But, I enjoyed them a
lot and thought the best use of them were in the Quidditch scene. It was
fast, loud and damnit, it was just cool. I liked it.Overall, highly enjoyable and entertaining. The cast was great, the
direction was great, the visuals were sharp and the screenplay was adapted
well. The score by John Williams is memorable and every time I here the
theme, it gives me goosebumps.
			

a GREAT movie.....I didn't read the book, but now I surely will !
This movie brings magic to our lives, for younger and older...A must see.
			

a very good movie you must see it!!!!!!!
it might have missed out on some scenes from the book.
but its still great!
i think J.K Rowling has done some really great books that must be put on
the
screen!!!
			

This movie has truly resembled the book. I never thought that it would be
this good. This movie is one of the best movies of all time!It has brought
all the magic of the book to a visual content that everyone would really
enjoy!
			

Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone(a.k.a. Harry Potter and the
Philosopher's Stone) casting directors did a glorious job casting for this
film. The people they put in the various roles were actually how I had
envisioned them from the books. Only Harry's eyes were green, not blue.Some
characters, take Oliver Wood( portrayed by Sean Biggerstaff)or Seamus
Finnigan( Devon Murray), to me, didn't really have a role in the book. They
were simply there. In the movie Seamus Finnigan( Devon Murray) provided
comic relief while Oliver Wood (Biggerstaff) was there to inspire Harry
about Quidditch. All in all the casting was very well done and I hope to
see
many of the same cast members in any later movies.
			

  A movie can never replace what we see when read the books. Our imagination
will create what we want to see. Everyone's vision of what should be in the
movie is different. Overall, I really liked, and enjoyed the movie! Now
really, do you think the whole book can actually be filmed into the movie???
NO! But they put enough in to make it enjoyable! A fun movie to see. Ron was
awesome!Don't go to it and watch it like a film critic would, because you will
always find something wrong, with anything, if you look hard enough!Heck, when I went, the audience, really enjoyed it! There was a big round of
applause when it was over, cheers and everything! And the majority of the
audience in attendance were adults!Awesome movie!10 out of 10Nit pickers never enjoy anything! ha ha!
			

This movie is so hot.
I love it and Harry Potter is so cute . 
I love him and the movie .
It was so much fun watching it . I love the characters and Snape is so funny
i mean he walks on like he's crazy.
what i didn't like from the film well there is no part I hated.
I can't wait till the chamber of secrets comes out.Susie
			

It was truly wonderful! I was so pleased. Everyone keeps saying that they
skimmed the book too much, but I disagree. Unless every average movie-goer
can sit through a eight hour movie, they cut it down perfectly.The biggest complaint was that Hermione's scene at the end with the logic
puzzle was cut out, but it had to be. Books have different paces and give
diffierent feeling then movies. If that scene had been in there it would
have slowed down the action too much to make the final scene between Harry
and Voldemort seem important or exciting. All the scenes that were cut were
cut for good reason. Either they weren't necessary or they would be
explained/delved into further in the other movies, so they could cut
them.The Quidditch match was done beautifully and the actors (especially the
kids) were spectacular. The story was not driven by special effects or
scenery, and gave a heart-warming feeling at the end. Yet another lovely
score by John Williams! The excitement was in all the right places, the sets
and costumes really made you feel like you were inside Harry's world. The
Dursley's were perfectly selected, and hilarious. All of the teachers and
Hagrid fit there roles wonderfully, Harry, Ron and Hermione even more so. It
was a fantastic tribute to the books. Well done! The only other things to
say is -Truly Magical!!!
			

I haven't been so in love with three 11-year-old kids since I was
ten-years-old myself (and that was a very long time ago!!)  I don't think
I've ever been in love with a gigantic man like Hagrid, nor have I loved a
school.  But I loved all of them after reading the four novels and didn't
think I could love them more until I saw the movie.  While I heard others
say that they were apprehensive about what "Hollywood would do to the
story," after seeing the previews and trailers for the movie, I didn't
think
it would disappoint me.  It didn't.  I was even more in love with Harry,
Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Hogwarts when I walked out of the theater than
when I walked in ... so much so that I missed them and went back to see the
movie again two days later ... and again four days after that.  Everyone
who
had anything to do with bringing to the movie screen J. K. Rowling's first
novel is to be congratulated.  And that includes Alan Rickman, who was the
astonishingly nasty Professor Snape.  I can't wait to see the second movie
when it comes out.
			

This movie was well put together. Even though they took out some of the
scenes that are in the book and shorten the encounters with people it was
still good. All the actors/actress who got picked to play the characters
in
the book played the part excellent. 
			

"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is as magical a film as a fantasy
bedtime story or any fantasy that can pop up in any child's head.I have
never read any of the books,so I will not compare those books to this
film.The film is very imaginative and the visual effects and art direction
are wonderful.This is only a short review and I am hoping to post a longer
review.All I can say is that this film was alot of fun to
watch.
			

The review by 'kylopod' is right on the button. The richness of these books
simply cannot be captured in a mere 2.5 hour film. If you haven't read the
books but think the movie is great, then you'll be blown away by the real
thing! The movie captures maybe 1% of the humor, satire and nerve-wracking
tension of the books. Obviously, the producers couldn't get everything into
the film, but the screenwriter could have chosen some of these typifying
elements and placed them strategically throughout those 2.5 hours.For instance, Dumbledore's hilarious off-beat humor was largely ignored in
the film and would have been a more endearing character had he been given
dialogue like this from the book when he and McGonagall are leaving baby
Harry on the Dursley's doorstep:'Yes,' said Dumbledore. 'He'll have that scar for ever.''Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?''Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in useful. I have one myself
above my left knee which is a perfect map of the London
Underground.'Still, Harris captures the other, more venerable side of Dumbledore's
character, well. Rickman's Snape is infrequent but good. The kids really
carry the show, though, and all three are perfectly suited for their
roles.Now that Columbus has got the ball rolling, the next installment can only be
better (remember how much better the Empire Strikes Back was than the first
Star Wars?), and we plan on watching all seven (after we've read them, that
is!)10 out of 10 for the effort put in to faithfully adapt the classic novel and
bring imagination to the screen. But still, READ THE BOOK!
:)
			

I've been a grownup Harry Potter fan since the late summer of 1999, when his
name was just beginning to be heard frequently around my area and I was
wondering who this kid was.  I picked up a paperback copy of the first book
at a local shop and spent a couple of hours finding my way around Privet
Drive and Hogwarts School.  When I finished the book, I went back to the
beginning and started to read it again.  Since that time, I am, in a word,
hooked on the Potter phenomenon. But the movie had me a little worried.  Rarely have books I love been made
into movies at all, and when they are I've often found myself disappointed
in the results.  I didn't want anyone destroying this literarily perfect
universe I have so frequently visited.  I relaxed a bit when I got my first
look at Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson -- the kids who
would shoulder the massive burden of bringing Harry, Ron, and Hermione to
life looked the parts, at least.  Many adult casting elements reassured me
as well -- Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and John Hurt, among others.  The
movie score by John Williams would no doubt be impressive.  I bought my
ticket for opening day. I don't know what exactly I expected.  What I got was a movie so magical,
so  engaging, that I've seen it three times so far and am eager to see it
again.  (My husband worries about my sanity sometimes.)  Almost never have I
seen a movie that tries so hard to be faithful to the book on which it's
based.  It succeeds so well at this, in fact, that the things from the book
which don't make it onto the screen are rather conspicuous (to me) by their
absence.  I'm eager to see a director's cut of the film, which would be four
hours long.  At two hours and 45 minutes, the movie is too short for me. The casting is something along the lines of ideal.  Robbie Coltrane IS
Hagrid, the lovable giant with a fondness for dangerous creatures.  Alan
Rickman is sufficiently creepy and sinister as Professor Snape, though I am
disappointed that none of Snape's back story is revealed in the movie.
Crisp, stern Professor McGonagall is brought most believably to life by
Maggie Smith, while John Cleese does a delightful, if brief, turn as Sir
Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington, the ghost who haunts Harry's dormitory.  John
Hurt has a splendid, though again short, appearance as an eccentric
wand-maker, and Zoe Wanamaker is wonderfully spirited as flying teacher
Madam Hooch. This movie is for kids, however, and it is the kids who are the stars.
Radcliffe, Grint, and Watson are so adorable that I found myself wanting to
reach through the screen and hug the stuffing out of them.  Grint is ideal
as Ron, the clownish chess fiend with a heart of gold, and Watson IS
Hermione, from her brainy smugness to her fierce loyalty.  Radcliffe, as the
courageous but modest orphan with extraordinary abilities, is utterly
captivating.  Harry lives, thanks to this talented twelve-year-old.  The
chemistry and friendship between the three is undeniable. I have only three major complaints about the movie. As I said, Snape's back
story is not told, secondly not nearly enough Quidditch, and lastly, it's
just too short! Other than that, the main thing I'm worried about is what I'm going to do
until the fifth book is released.
			

I went to the film with my adult daughter and her friend this past weekend. 
I have been disappointed often by going to a movie based on a book but this
film was not disappointing in any way except it was to short.  I think the
few minor changes were well done (the snake is from Brazil in the book and
Burma in the film) and the story was related well.  I loved the Quidich
match, forgot that it is imaginary half way through.
  I thought the casting was stupendos.  The actors were well chosen and knew
their characters very well.  I loved the stern almost frightening Snape and
thought his concern that Potter not be coddled or made much of very true to
what I expected.  I can't wait for the next book and the next movie to.  I
am going to go again this weekend.
			

I thoroughly enjoyed the movie adaptation of Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's
Stone (Philosopher's Stone).  Perhaps the most telling proof I can offer
is
that I've never gone back to the theater to see a movie for a 2nd time ..
until Harry Potter. I've seen it twice now, and may go back to see it
again,
just to "experience the magic"."Brilliant" describes the performances by the main cast, the settings, the
score and the effects.Though the movie is perhaps best described as a "Cliff's Notes" version of
the book (Harry Potter Lite?), it is completely understandable. To have
included the book in its entirety would have produced an 8 hour movie.
The
movie captures the essence of the book, however, and is thoroughly
enjoyable
as it is.  I can only recommend to those that have seen the movie, but
have
not read the book, to go out and get the book and read it
NOW!From the opening notes of "Hedwig's Theme", the hair on my arm stood up. I
(and many of my fellow movie-goers) openly laughed, gasped, and, yes, even
sniffled a bit at various parts of the movie. To invoke such emotion from
so
many in an audience comprised of every age level is ...
magic.Chris Columbus .. thanks for a great film. Now I have to wait a whole year
to see "Chamber of Secrets".  If you keep the same perspective, I know it
will be successful as well (although, I hope it will be
longer!).
			

Harry Potter is a terrific series of books, and the movie was a departure
from them.  Well and good.  There was only so much time, after all.  The
scene with Dudley in the zoo... fabulous!  Seamus blowing things up left
and
right... terrific!  Ron was... well... Ron.  Hermione was... well...
believable as Hermione.  Harry was... well... outclassed by his comrades.
Apart and aside from that, great performances by Uncle Vernon, if you can
believe it, and Hagrid.  Snape also turned in a stellar performance.  I'm
curious how people who didn't read the books thought of the film.

			

I was very excited to see this movie it compared to the book very well i
loved the movie just like i loved the book i will definitly see it again
this movie is a must see it compares to the book and when it comes out i
am
goin 2 buy the movie. i rate harry potter 10/10
			

WARNING! Some Spoiler Content.As an avid reader of the books I've been anticipating the release of the
movie for months with mixed feelings. A part of me has been eager to see
how
the magical world of moving pictures, quiditch and magical lessons would
appear visually on a movie screen, another part of me has been reluctant
to
relinquish my own imagination to the imagination of the directors and
producers of the film.Regardless I went to see the show opening night. I went in knowing that
the
movie would not be as good as the book, movie adaptations never are. But I
also knew that the producers had attempted to keep the integrity of the
story and characters in tact. I was not disappointed by what I saw. The
casting director deserves an award for being bang on for every character.
The Dursleys were almost as I had pictured them, though I was disappointed
they weren't portrayed as mean as they are in the books, though I
understand
that time was an issue, and it really didn't take away from the story.But it was the children, especially Ron, and Hermione that really stole
the
show, Emma Watson was perfect as the supersmart, bossy Hermione, they
couldn't have chosen a better actress for the role. And Rupert Grint was
beyond adorable as Ron. The adult roles too were perfect, especially
Snape,
McGonagal, and Dubledore.As for the story, with the exception of 2 scenes I thought it was done
beautifully. Combined with just the right amount of special effects, it
seemed that this world of wonder and magic could really exist. The
Quiditch
match was by far the highlight of the movie for me, and though I have
heard
some people say that it seemed unimportant to the story, I believe it was
in
fact essential. In the story of Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone,
Harry is discovering this world of magic for the first time, Quiditch is a
part of this world and is therefore essential to his feeling of
wonderment,
and eventually belonging. All his life he's never belonged anywhere and
suddenly he's an essential player in the biggest game of the Wizarding
world... not to mention the fact that he becomes a hero... not for
something
that happened when he was a baby and doesn't remember but for something he
has done here and now. This is essential to understanding the character of
Harry, not to mention it looked amazing!My biggest complaint about the movie is that the dragon thing was changed
too much, they should have either expanded it a little more, or left it
out
completely because as it was it really didn't flow with the rest of the
movie. My only other complaint is the omission near the end of the movie,
where the kids are going through the obstacles to get to the stone. After
the chess game there is supposed to be a potions riddle that Hermione
helps
Harry solve before he goes on by himself to encounter the last challenge.
The fact that this was omitted makes very little sense to me, as it is
mentioned earlier that "Snape is one of the teachers protecting the stone"
yet his protection does not exist.Other than this I found the movie overall very enjoyable and I eagerly
await
the 5th book and the next movies. Though it baffles me to think how they
will adapt the 4th book without butchering it or turning it into an 8 hour
epic!!! I definitely recommend this movie, but I still think to truly
appreciate this movie, you need to read the books.10/10
			

I can't think of all the right words to say how great the movie was done!
The most anticipated movie in a long time, does not disappoint. I am not
going to pick it apart or look for mistakes. It was a 2 and a half hour
movie as it is, they can't fit everything from the book into the movie. But
it was cut very well, for what wasn't included! The Casting was the best I
have seen for a movie, EVER! Enjoyable, wonderful, great, fun, humorous, I loved it, every bit!!! WELL
DONE!!!!! Worth seeing over and over and over again!!! I am not a critic, just a movie goer so I am honest, Paying the extra bucks
at the theater is well worth it, even to see again! I am still in awe, WOW!
Great JOB!!!!! I can't wait to own it!
			

After reading all four books in the few months prior to seeing this film,
I
am very impressed with final product.  All the proper emotions were felt
at
the proper times, and the changes, except one, were perfect.  I don't
understand why the task of which potion to drink to walk through fire was
removed, but it was still great.  Looking forward to next
year.
			

Well I've seen Harry Potter and I loved it.  Being an avid fan of the
novels, I was very pleased with the films.  However, the film was far too
short!!!!  It needed to be much longer!  There were slight plot points left
out of the film that were in the books, but I can only assume that they
will
be addressed in the following films since they are key points and issues
that cannot be avoided without truly changing the storyline.  The films
however for what they were, were smashing!!  I recommend everyone go see
Harry Potter today!!
			

I couldn't believe how well the adaptation was made from book to cinema.
Simply put this was an outstanding movie. It kept you enthralled and
mesmerized with the story and action. I hope the movies to come can compare.
			

Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone was everything I could have imagined
after listening to my 11 year old son talk about this for two years now!
Not having read the book the film is based on, I was completely swept away
by the grandeur of the entire film.  The cast is both familiar and new,
and
the blend works perfectly.  The direction of Chris Colombus moves the
story
along, and the scenery and special effects are dazzling.  If you have a
young child that lives within your soul, let him/her out for a few hours
to
enjoy a magical journey!
			

I was very impressed how well Chris Columbus was able to stick with the JK
Rowling book. Usually most movies veer off along the way. But this was
really well done; the acting was great, the scenes were quite like I had
pictured them while reading the books. The books are a great read, and the
movie is really the icing on the cake.I am already looking forward to the Chamber of Secrets.
			

Is the movie as good as the book, no of course not, but
it's a wonderful movie nevertheless. I think only a professional
sourpuss would fail to find magic in this film, however I'm willing
to forgive professional movie critics for panning it, they're more or
less obligated to give a negative review to anything that universally
popular.
As I said a movie can never be as good as a great book but a great
movie can be made from a mediocre book, just look at "The Godfather"
or "Gone With The Wind", that gives me hope that it might just be
possible that "Lord Of The Rings" will turn out to be a great film. 
			

Before this weekend, I gave only 4 movies (of over 200) an IMDB rating of
10. Except for Shrek and One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest, I will downgrade
the others to 9 (and some 9s down to 8, etc.). That's a bit of work, but The
Sorceror's Stone is that kind of movie.Beyond that, the only rave that I can add to all the others is I have never
before watched a movie that so duplicated what I had imagined when I read
the book. Of all the characters including the minor ones, only Harry's
mother was not exactly as I had imagined them. Even then when I reread the
novel's description of her, I discovered my imagination had been in error,
not the movie.Harry Potter fans who are skipping the movie so that it won't cloud their
own personal visions are truly doing themselves a grave
injustice.
			

When I read the first Harry Potter book six months ago, I felt that I was
reading something very special.  Indeed, an entire generation of children
are growing up with something that is so wondrous and exciting, that it
pales anything like it to date.  This film captures the magic of the books
beautifully.  From John William's magical score, to the fast-paced Quidditch
match, to the 4-star cast, this film IS Harry Potter, realized as best as
humanly possible.  The trio of child actors portraying Harry, Ron, and
Hermoine have perfect chemistry.  The supporting players, Maggie Smith,
Richard Harris, Richard Griffiths, and especially Alan Rickman are perfect.
 The one casting that just blows my socks off is that of Robbie Coltrane
playing the role of the giant Hagrid.  Coltrane has fun with this role,
making Hagrid a perfect mentor/guide for Harry Potter as he enters this new,
magical world.  Chris Columbus has done a terrific job creating this world,
which could easily have been watered-down and lost in budget cuts.
Excellent film.
			

I went to opening night and got a horribly mixed feeling about the movie.
I
just could NOT get into the film for the first full hour, but once Harry
saw
the mirror, I was very much into it. But that first hour bothered me all
night after I got home. During the film I couldn't help but think about
what
wasn't there, at home I couldn't stop thinking that I SHOULD have liked
it,
but something was wrong. I LOVED the last hour and a half, but that first
hour....I finally came to the conclusion that I had to see the movie a second time
as soon as possible. While in line Saturday, an acquaintance of mine asked
if I noticed that the Dolby system was off for the first hour of the
opening
run. I was livid! I realized that that was what the problem was!When I saw the movie again, I was able to completely fall into the film
and
lose the 'adaptation' thing. As a movie by itself, I think it is
wonderful!
My second go was SO much better than the first time. I was in awe! The
movie
DOES have a charm to it. It is NOT the same charm as the book, but it's
got
its own charm. It is more like 'the Wizard of Oz' kind of charm.I felt that the movie was more European to me, the first time I saw it. It
SHOULD be more European! But like some of my favorite European movies,
it's
a bit of an acquired taste.By the second time I saw it, I certainly acquired the right taste for this
film! It is lovely through and through. It is in no way anything compared
to
the book. However, I put this up there with the 'Wizard of Oz' and the
original 'Star Wars' trilogy, completely separated from the book.It is a fiercely faithful 'adaptation,' but whereas the story is from the
mind of JK Rowling, the heart of the movie is from Chris Columbus. He has
a
wonderful, dark imagination that fits very well in the HP world. It's just
that getting used to his heart takes time after being so used to JKR's.I felt that the acting was superb from everyone. People with the smallest
parts, like John Hurt, treated their characters as though they were fully
formed, and the whole movie rested on their performance.The main characters were perfect. Robbie Coltrane IS Hagrid. I actually
like
his character even more! I can't believe Emma Watson and Rupert Grint were
newcomers because their acting was so good, but then again I can BECAUSE
their acting was so good. But my favorite performance was Daniel
Radcliffe's. It's not because I think he's a doll, which he is, but he
truly
is Harry! Not once did he overstate his character, like so many child
actors
do. His reactions were true to the character, and the movie rides
comfortably on his shoulders.I found what I loved the most about the movie is what I love about the
books. Even though the story takes place in a fantastic world that could
easily turn artificial, everything and everyone just seem so normal for
that
world that it's completely believable. I think that Chris Columbus
understood that part of the books and, also, shares in that philosophy. I
don't think any other director could have pulled that off as well as he
did.I can now HONESTLY say, without a doubt, that I LOVE this movie! It is not
the Harry Potter I fell in love with, but I love this Harry Potter, too.
			

I was ready to be disappointed because I thought the imagery in the book
was
so great that I doubted it could be reproduced on the screen.   But I was
wrong!   I THOROUGHLY enjoyed the movie and was just so impressed with
what
I saw.   The Quidditch competition was wonderful!   The moving
staircases... the wizard chess game ... just fabulous!The only problem I guess is that I have heard that people who did not read
the book did not enjoy the movie hardly at all.   I am not really sure
why.
It was practically the whole book word for word, so I don't think there
was
any information lost.  So far I've attributed it to the fact that they
just
aren't the type to enjoy that genre of movies ... but I'm not
sure.
			

I had never read any of the books before, and had only heard about them
before I went to see this movie.  I wanted to see it because it looked
very
good, and the preview reminded me of one of my favorite Chris Columbus
films
Young Sherlock Holmes.  YSH captures the essence of old Britain with the
same magical style as Harry Potter.  When I finally saw the movie, I was
presently surprised at the brilliance and wit contributed by the writer,
the
director, and especially the actors.  It surprised me because I never
thought a children's book could become such an involved and magical
subject.
The child actors seemed more like adults, but enhanced the genius of the
film.  When you see child actors in movies such as Jake Lloyd, you watch
them closely, as if they aren't as good as the other adults.  These actors
were remarkable, especially the three main characters.  But I don't want
to
give these guys all the credit, let's not forget the excellent adult
actors
they have in the film.  Richard Harris was especially remarkable as the
headmaster of Hogwart's.  Every time I saw him, I thought of a brilliant
aged wizard, who knows all and has seen all.  I was also impressed with
Alan
Rickman's Severus Snape who was a great character and am hoping they
continue his presence in the other films.  I have followed Rickman from
different movies because I love his acting style, and he was perfect for
this role.  Everything seemed to come to life in its own magical way.
Kids
filled the theater with laughter and surprises.  They were having so much
fun with this, and I can only imagine how much better the movie might have
been, had I read the book.  A film of this magnitude produces so much
hype,
it might have turned out to be another dude.  But I can say now that this
movie is not just hype, it is entirely substance.  This movie could have
been brilliant without the hype.  I completely forgot about the real world
when I entered the world of Harry Potter.  So forget everything, relax,
and
enjoy a film full of magic and adventures fulfilled only by the wonderful
Harry Potter.
			

Why this movie is so great...1) It's perfectly cast. Daniel Radcliffe IS Harry Potter. Rupert Grint &
Emma Watson are both excellent as Harry's loyal sidekicks, Ron & Hermione.
Richard Harris is perfect as Dumbledore (exactly as I pictured him). Maggie
Smith is great as the strict Professor MacGonagall. Alan Rickman is amazing
as Snape, he doesn't have many lines but he delivers all of them SO well.
Ian Hart is fantastic as Quirrell (he makes that stutter sound very
believable). Robbie Coltrane is absolutely perfect as Hagrid. But...I don't
think the Dursleys were quite evil enough, although they were very good,
though.2) It's VERY faithful to the book. They only left out a few very minor
details that weren't worth putting in anyways.3) Fast-paced. Everything goes by quickly, but that's good, because the
movie is still 2 and a half hours long, and again, they didn't leave
anything major out.4) QUIDDITCH. This is absolutely the BEST action-sequence EVER caught on
film. IT'S SIMPLY AMAZING! EXACTLY how I pictured it!5) GREAT visual effects! The magic, trolls, Voldemorte, transformations,
bla, bla, bla...It's all SO perfect!Bottom Line: The Best Movie of the Year, possibly decade!
			

I have just seen this movie and I love it Daniel Radcliffe,Emma Watson and
Rupert Grint are wonderful as Harry,Herminoe and Ron I love the special
effects that were used my favorite parts are the flying lesson and the
Quidditch Game this movie is a brillant work of art I plan to see it again
and again I can't wait to see 'Harry Potter And The Chamber  Of Secrets'
I've read this one once now I'm reading it again(the chamber of secrets) I
know I love the book and I know I'll love the movie too.
I give this movie both of my thumbs up and a sky rocketing 10%
!!P.S. Daniel Radcliffe is soooo super cute and Emma Watson is a
very
cute little girl and Rupert is cute too I love their accents. The three of
them are very good actors they did very well together.Annie Radcliffe (not related to Daniel)
			

Very smart use of editing and special effects.  The story was told, and a
little changed, but the change was not too drastic.  It was just right. 
Now, I'm going to watch it again, this time with the excuse of taking my
little sister!
			

First of all, I would like to thank author J.K. Rowling for writing such an
intriguing, and
thought provoking book series.  I can not wait until book number five is
released, and it
should be the best yet.Now on to the movie.I thought that Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone translated very well
into a movie.
Director Chris Columbus was able to stick with the book, and it's content,
very well.  All
the most important parts were included in the movie, and it left me wanting
more.The special effects were up to par, and the Qudditch scene was just
astonishing.  Many
times throughout the entire film, I saw myself reading the books at home
and
imagining
just what I was seeing on the big screen.Overall, I have to give this film a 10 out of 10!  It has superb special
effects.  The movie
stays true and very close to the book.  The all British cast only adds to
the magic that is
present.  I wasn't upset with any one part, and when the show was over, I
got up,
applauded, and just wanted more, more, more.  I would recommend this film
to
anyone
over the age of six or seven, and would just like to say that I hope it
goes
all the way to
the box office record books and beats all the records.

			

I read the books but I knew that scenes would be changed and cut for
dramatic purposes.  So I went with an open mind.Several of my friends remarked that the beginning was too rushed and not
much was explained.  That they never got a sense of how desperate living
with the Dursleys was to Harry.  How Harry got bullied by Dudley and his
gang and how Harry used his powers to get out of those tight situations.But being 153 minutes long, if those and other passages from the book were
included, the film would be 3+ hours!I found the movie wonderfully captured the magical aspects of the book.
The
adult actors, though were not fleshed out, were enjoyable.  I also suspect
that even though actors Maggie Smith, Richard Harris, Alan Rickman and
John
Cleese (who was seen for a total of 30 seconds!) were not on screen for
that
long, their characters will have time in the next 6 movies to
develop.Remember, there are still 6 movies that are still due.  We'll be getting
to
know these characters more and more over the course of these films.  Would
be pretty interesting to see the child actors grow to young adults on
screen!Daniel Radcliff played a wonderfully serious and subdued Harry, exactly as
I
envisioned Harry to be.  Rupert Grint and Emma Watson were excellent as
well.  Hard to believe they never acted professionally before this.All in all, I was happily satisfied and would definitely tell everyone to
see it and see it again myself 2 or 3 times!  Looking forward to Harry and
the Chamber of Secrets next year! 
			

Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint are incredibly talented.
This movie has the microscopic feeling of a small Mary Poppins, only not as
childish and not as musical.  No sir, unicorns die, and children hang from
their brooms.  This is my new favorite movie.  
			

This movie was truly designed for the fans of Harry Potter.  It remains very
faithful to the book, which some would call a problem, but I call a triumph.
The whole point of making this movie was to show the fans what they wanted
to see.  Critics will line up to say that the movie is terrible because of
the 'hype' and because they want to show they are more sophisticated and
intelligent than the public when it comes to watching films.  I recommend
that everybody go see this movie and make up your own mind.  Personally, I
can't wait to see it again.  10/10!!!
			

I went to see this movie yesterday and loved every minute of it.  I am 35
years old and was completely carried away by the sheer delight of Harry
Potter's world.  Everything was perfect -- the acting, the story, the
special effects.  You care about the characters and feel everything they
feel.  Not to give too much away, but I really felt like cheering during the
scene where the house cup was awarded.  A superior fantasy movie and I would
recommend it for kids of all ages (8 - 80).
			

When I first heard of Harry Potter catching on, I believed it to be a fad
and grouped it with Pokemon and that ilk of marketing genius. When, however,
I stayed with an associate and could not sleep, I was handed the book and
told to read it and see for myself. I did and thoroughly enjoyed the
experience. The film captures the book well enough and deserves a lot of the
same merit. It seems like the actors were grown for the adaption of the book
and they were very easily believable. This film may be family fare, but it
is also a lot of fun to watch. Its plotline may not be Shakespeare, but its
better than 90% of all thats out there and if you were at all excited about
the pod race in Star Wars: A Phantom Menace, then the Quidditch scenes in
this film are made for you. To be honest, this film did, for me, what Star
Wars: A New Hope did and what I had hoped Star Wars: Phantom Menace could
do, it made me believe in something fictional and applicable to my real
life. To be honest, Luke Skywalker and Harry Potter aren't too far apart,
both are the underdog, trapped children of circumstance beyond their control
who achieve great deeds and still remain fresh faced and likeable. The
reason Rowling's magic may be more likely to last in sequels than Lucas' did
in prequels is because there is a certain heart in Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone missing from Phantom Menace. Rowling did what Lucas once
did, she makes us believe in the Power of the Heart and Columbus, through
casting and great effects, captures what Rowling did with text in vibrant,
sometimes over the edge cinematography and graphics that never become too
much, but never leave much to be desired. Casting was flawless right down to
the never fallible John Cleese as Nearly Headless Nick.
   Once, Superman made us believe that a man could fly. Star Wars showed us
the magic all around us. Now, Harry Potter shows us the magic within
ourselves and lets our spirits fly. A true joy to watch and well worth a
second or third look at least.
			

Having read all the Harry Potter books, I couldn't wait until the movie
came
to the theaters.  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone did not disappoint.
The movie was exceptional - the casting was perfect - the score was
wonderful.  It was a very enjoyable evening and I will see it again.  Now I
can't wait until the next movie.
			

Harry Potter is destined to become a cinematic classic. Easily the best
film
released this year--edging out my previous favourite, The Others--the
adaptation of J.K. Rowling's bestseller is relentlessly faithful, but
nevertheless, consistently entertaining and fresh. With a beautifully
imaginative story, some of the most wonderful character acting by both
young
talent and the seasoned elite, and an overwhelmingly eyepopping art
direction that is perfectly atmospheric and magical--Harry Potter does
absoultely everything superbly.   
			

Some of the scenes in this movie was INCREDIBLE.  I was not expecting the
quidditch match to look so amazing.  The special effects could have carried
this movie alone.However, i found some fault in the acting, namely the boy who played harry.
Don't get me wrong, he looked the part and all (with the exception of his
eye color), but his acting was a little stiff, and didn't get better until
the last 30 minutes.  Also, they introduced all of the characters into the
book, but did not go into depth about most of them.  Neville was on for a
good 5 minutes total, so people who haven't read the book might be a little
confused. And personally, the dursleys didn't seem so bad.  Professer
McGonagell came off as cruel and cold-hearted, and they didn't mention her
being the head of griffandor.The movie was LONG.  Go to the bathroom beforehand.  They put in the most
important scenes, but the transition was choppy and a bit
confusing.But some people were worth watching.  John Cleese as Nearly-Headless-Nick
was great, even if it was a brief cameo role.  So was the boy who played
Ron, and he got most of the laughs in my theater.  Hagrid was exactly as i
imangined, and he was wonderful.All in all, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was good, just had a view
faults.  If you don't want to go for the plot, or the charachters, go to
see
the amazing special effects, like invisability, moving pictures, and an MC
Escher-type hogwarts.
			

I hadn't read the books but the movie was awesome.  I am 21 and still
enjoyed the movie.  In fact, now I want to read all the books and can't
wait
for #2 to come out next year.  The actors were perfectly chosen, the stunts
were great and the special effects were brilliant.  A must see
movie!!!!
			

This movie... I just cannot put into words.  I cried, I laughed, I got
scared... It was just everything I had hoped for because I am a HUGE Harry
Potter fan.  J.K. Rowling is a brilliant, unique woman with awesome talent.
The movie did have its disappointments, not having everything from the
book,
but what movie is EVERYTHING out of a book?  Harry Potter has so much
imagination, humor, morals, it just amazes me some people want to ban them.
The movie was a definite 10 all the way.  I've seen it 3 times this weekend
and seeing it on Wed. It was just incredible.
			

Here is the magical surprise of 2001. "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's
Stone" is the best movie that I've seen all year (so far). This I totally
did not expect. This is a film that works not only on the level of special
effects. It has a terrific story, wonderful characters, and a beautiful
atmosphere. This was quite refreshing since so many of the movies today
that
feature special effects are weak on story and characterization. "Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is the first movie in what is going to be
a
big movie series based on "Harry Potter" novels written by J.K. Rowling. So
far four novels have been written with three more on the way. This movie
has
created so much hype that the second movie is already in the works. I think
this is going to be a blockbuster franchise. The movie opens with the title
character living with relatives that are cruel and heartless. Then Harry
gets a letter from the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and
learns that he's a wizard. So he gets away from his despicable uncle, aunt,
and cousin, and journeys to this special school to learn the tricks of his
trade. Along the way he meets two young aspiring magicians who will become
his best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. He also makes an enemy
in Draco Malfoy, who is kind of like the evil version of Harry. The faculty
of Hogwarts include wise headmaster Albus Dumbledore; huge groundskeeper
Hagrid; Prof. McGonagall, who can transform into a cat and back to human
form in a flash; Prof. Snape, who's sinister looks create fear in the
students; Prof. Hooch, the broomstick instructor; and Prof. Quirrell, who
wears what looks like a turban all the time and studders alot. There are
alot of visual elements that work wonderfully in "Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone". My favorite scene is the one where the students play the
game of Quidditch. That is a fascinating special effects sequence that is
kind of hard to describe but is fulfilling to watch. It kind of reminded me
of the pod race in "Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace" with its
effects going across the screen at a rapid pace. Another great scene in the
movie is the one where the three kids play an unusual high stakes game of
chess, where the huge game pieces come to life. "Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone" works on every level. In addition to the excellent
special
effects, it works on the direction and screenplay. The director here is
Chris Columbus, who's worked in this territory before as the director of
the
popular kids- oriented 1990 comedy "Home Alone" and its first sequel,
1992's
"Home Alone 2: Lost in New York". He worked with kids again in the little
more adult oriented 1993 Robin Williams blockbuster "Mrs. Doubtfire". These
three hit movies directed by Columbus were more lighthearted in its tone,
but Columbus has been in more darker territory before. His directorial
debut
came with "Adventures in Babysitting", the black comedy from 1987 that was
filmed in Chicago and starred Elisabeth Shue. Before stepping into the
director's chair, Columbus wrote a couple of screenplay's for a trio of
Steven Spielberg productions: "Gremlins", "The Goonies", and "Young
Sherlock
Holmes". "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" bares a resemblance to
each
one of those movies in some way. Those virtuoso special effects scenes when
those big chess pieces comes to life was very much like some of the special
effects scenes in "Young Sherlock Holmes". This movie is like an "Indiana
Jones" for kids; so was "The Goonies". This movie is scary and darker in
tone; so was "Gremlins". Though unlike "Gremlins", "Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone" isn't violent. It's scary, but not over-the-line scary.
Columbus was a good choice as director of this movie (Steven Spielberg had
a
chance to direct this, but passed on it to make "A.I."), and it's his best
film as director to date. He's brought this movie to life in exhilarating
fashion. The screenplay is by Oscar nominee Steve Kloves ("Wonder Boys"),
who did a superb job in adapting the movie from the book. The
cinematography, editing, production design, and costume design are all
first-rate and deserve Oscar attention, along with the visual effects. The
performances are picture perfect. The three kids who play Harry, Ron, and
Hermione are all acting newcomers and they were all perfect choices to play
these characters. I think we'll be seeing alot of Daniel Radcliffe in the
future. Radcliffe portrays Harry Potter to absolute perfection. He holds
the
movie together in every scene, and was a natural choice to play this
character. Rupert Grint and Emma Watson are very exceptional as Ron and
Hermione. Like Radcliffe, we'll be seeing alot of Grint and Watson for
years
to come. They're all terrific young British actors (and they've all been
signed on to star in the next "Harry Potter" movie). You couldn't have
asked
for a better supporting cast than the one that's featured in this movie,
all
a who's who of veteran British actors. Richard Harris (as headmaster
Dumbledore), Maggie Smith (Prof. McGonagall), Alan Rickman (Prof. Snape),
Robbie Coltrane (groudskeeper Hagrid), Zoe Wanamaker (Prof. Hooch), and Ian
Hart (Prof. Quirrell) are all perfectly cast; with John Cleese, Warwick
Davis, Richard Griffiths, John Hurt, Fiona Shaw, and Julie Walters featured
in smaller roles. What a cast! I loved everything about "Harry Potter and
the Sorcerer's Stone". This is not just a movie for kids, but for the whole
family. I've never read any of the "Harry Potter" books, but on the basis
of
this first "Harry Potter" movie, I think I'm going to go out and purchase
the books. Or maybe ask to receive them as a Christmas gift. Speaking of
Christmas, I think "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" will be the
smash
hit of the Christmas season 2001. If it doesn't surpass last year's
Christmas hit, "Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas" (which opened at
exactly the same time a year ago), then the American moviegoing public has
completely lost it. "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" has gotten far
better reviews that "The Grinch" movie did last year, and critically
acclaimed movies deserve to be blockbuster hits alot more than critically
hated movies like "The Grinch". From what I saw this weekend (a packed
moviehouse and an opening day gross of $29.5 million), "Harry Potter and
the
Sorcerer's Stone" will be a blockbuster smash. BET ON IT!!!!!**** (out of four)

			

While no book adaptation is never as good as the original book, Harry
Potter
and the Sorcerer's/Philosopher's Stone is the best book-to-screen
conversion
that I've ever seen.  I've seen many movies, a lot of them adaptations, and
Harry Potter is done remarkably well with great characters and special
effects that don't detract from the story.  If you liked the book, or you
just like a good movie, check this one out.
			

I've read all 4 of the books, and this movie was definitely true to the
first book.  There were omissions, obviously because of time, but none of
the information had been altered.  Even the descriptions that the author
took great efforts in detailing in the book, came to life marvelously in
the
movie.  It's a great story with a great cast!
			

The most common words spoken by fans of the Harry Potter books have been
"That was just as I imagined it!" And being one of those fans, seeing Harry
Potter was on odd experience, I felt as if I'd seen it before. It was very
close to the book, and was nearly complete. I cannot wait for the dvd, and
the Chamber of Secrets! See the Sorcerer's Stone- you will not regret it.
It
truly is a magical experience.
			

This movie is positively yummy! All fans of the Harry Potter series should
check out the first installment of movies.  I saw it in a theater full of
children (most under the age of 10) and it managed to keep their attention
through the entire 2 1/2 hours, that is most impressive.  The cast and crew
could not have done a better job on the movie it was ALMOST perfect!   I am
definately going to see it again.
			

Columbus did a GREAT job with this movie.  The content was very consistent
to the book, and he couldn't have chosen better actors for the roles. Harry
Potter brings out the imagination in all of us and I don't know of any
child
who hasn't dreamt of flying.  The movie captured all of this and much more.
The special effects were wonderful, and kept my children spell-bound, (no
pun intended) the entire movie.  May the Magic keep coming and the 5th Book
come along soon....A Sincere Harry Potter Fan,  Angela

			

Although I did not read any of the books, I understand this movie follows
the first book very closely, just not as much detail.  A great story with
excellent acting and special effects.  Small children (under 8) may not be
able to follow the plot because of the number of characters involved.
However, it is a must see for everyone.  It is a very long movie (2 hours
33
minutes), but it never drags.  Get to the theater early to get a good seat.

			

i'm a 23 year old guy and was forced to read the first book by my
girlfriend. After that I read the other book willingly to say the least.
Amazing charactors and story although the first book was a bit predictable
(which obviously made the movie the same). I really don't think the movie
stood up to the book though. A lot of things seemed rushed. Like all of a
sudden the Dursley's were in a shack on an island?!! Of course I knew how
they got there, but I can only imagine what a first time harry potter fan
would think. They didn't show how the Dursleys were "a little nice" to
Harry
after getting back home. The Centaur scene also was a bit rushed. I know if
they did it right along with the book the movie would be like 4 hours long
but a little explination was needed at a few points. All in all if the
movies are anything like the books at all they will just get better and
better. The special effects, although not ILM, were a lot better than I was
expecting even after seeing previews. The child actors were decent
considering most of them haven't really had all that much experience. I
should think that the acting department will get quite a bit better as the
children have a bit of experience under thier belts and probably a few
acting
coaches. Hermione's lines seemed wierdly timed and Harry reminded me of
countless school plays. Ron's charactor was my favorite, plus he got all
the
good lines. "You're scary, do you know that? Brilliant, but scary.". All in
all I had a great time. The theatre I saw it in was ghetto as can be seeing
how all the theatres in my area are completely sold out for every showing
for the next week. I look forward with bated breath to see the second
installment fo the Harry Potter movies.....as well as The Lord Of The Rings
in a month! Pretty good time for movies right now.
			

   I've been anticipating this film for more than a year, and finally I saw
it last night, at 10PM. I've read all four books several times, the first
one the most, and I just can't get enough of Hogwarts. When I saw the film I
was a thinking about how the sped through the beginning, and cut out a lot
of dialouge. 
     At Hogwarts I thought they could have done more with the school, and
the classes to make it more magical, but I thought the special effects were
brilliant!!
     THe Weasley Twins were so funny, although they didn't really have any
big lines. Unfortunately they skipped out my favorite part when they say 'We
know our names are Gred and Forge'. Hagrid was JUST as I imagined him and I
was so pleased. Percy might not have been snooty enough, Hermione was so
great, especially in her first seen, Ron was hysterical with all of his
sarcastic, witty lines, Harry was magnificent! I must say, Harry Potter must
be a hard part to play in a movie because basically the whole book was him
thinking, and Daniel Radcliffe had to portray that through his facial
expressions. I loved all the teachers, with the exception of Snape, he
didn't look anything like a imagined, but he was still good.    I just wish that they hadn't changed so many parts, and cut it, and
rushed through the beginning, because I really loved the book. I thought the
movie was great! And I loved it too, but nothing, can compare to the books.
If I had to rate this film, I would probably give it about 8/10.
:D   Oh and, I thought Neville was perfect!! Especially at the end when he's
given ten points.
			

Being a fan of the Harry Potter books I had been anticipating this film for
a while, and I wasn't dissapointed! The film brings the magic of the books
to life! The characterisation is excellent (you-know-who is as scary as I
had imagined) and Hogwarts is magnificent. The only criticism I hold is that
some elements of the book were missed out. However, this criticism was not
enough to stop my enjoyment of a truly wonderful film. Go Gryffinder!

			

I saw it! I saaaaaaaaaaw it!! Does this mean I am cool now? As an avid
reader of the series, I have to admit I was a bit skeptical of how accurate
it would play out on the big screen. Nevertheless, I was SO EAGER to sit
through all 2 hours and 32 minutes of it! I COULDN'T BELIEVE THE MOVIE WAS
THAT LONG. It seemed more like 15-30 minutes, even though I had to
desperately use the bathroom! My mind was completely sucked in; I was so
absorbed with the special effects and the simple brilliance of every scene.
Unlike so many other movies based on books that I've watched, all the places
like Diagon Alley and Hogwarts, Harry's cupboard...were almost exactly like
I imagined them! And I was very happy to see that a lot of the actors'
dialog is taken directly from Ms. Rowling's books. The kids are great and
stay true to their descriptions. (I know that Daniel Radcliffe is
practically Harry's twin, but I was a little bummed that he didn't do his
hair black...you can just say I'm obsessed with the books.) The only fault I
held with it was that the Sorting Hat didn't sing it's poem! OK, so this
might seem like a minor detail, I was looking forward to seeing that scene
(so was my friend). Overall, Chris Columbus, J.K. Rowling and the cast did
an EXCELLENT job!! (For anyone who was confused about Quidditch like I sorta
was, when they play you will definitely understand it! It actually educated
me!) I think I'm going again tomorrow...if I can wait that
long!!!
			

I have a nephew and two nieces so I am very familiar with Harry Potter. 
I've read three of the books so far and I was very impressed.  So, I found
myself in line at the theater on opening weekend which isn't something I
normally do.  The movie was true to the book.  The characters were very similar to what I
imagined them to be.  Oh my... Hogwarts was an amazing feat of
cinematography.  For anyone seeing it for the first time, I recommend paying
special attention to the pictures in the background.  I believe almost every
one had little subplots of their own.Congrats to everyone involved with this movie!  I can tell that a lot of
heart, soul, and amazing cgi went into its creation.  
			

last night i went to see Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  to be quite
honest, i was blown away.  as i sat there watching the film, i was thinking
to myself, "wow! that's exactly how i pictured it," or "so that's how it's
done!"  the special effects were phenomenal.  they were smooth, seamless, and
incredibly realistic.  and, the quidditch match, where do i begin!!  i now
understand how the game that resembles rugby/soccer/hockey played on
broomsticks is played. intriguing visuals and a concise plotline enthralled
me throughout the entire 2 and a half hour movie.  i couldn't wait to see
what came next, even though i already knew.  another aspect of the movie that was amazing was the casting.  every part
was fulfilled with actors that are the characters.  richard harris as
dumbledore, that choice could not have been better.  alan rickman as prof.
snape, outstanding.  even though he was not in the movie for long periods at
a time, whenever he stepped on screen you could feel his presence next to
you, his voice is amazing.  emma watson is the embodiment of hermione
granger and rupert grint was a perfect ron weasley.  and, of course, daniel
radcliffe as harry potter. there is no other way to put it...he is harry
potter.  his facial expressions and fabulous acting made harry come to life
from the pages of a book.  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is magical, enchanting, spell-binding,
and every other wizard pun you can think of!  as i sat there in the theatre,
thinking of the movie that played in my head while reading the book, my
dreams literally became reality.
			

This film is amazing! Ok, so some of my favourite moments aren't there, but
a 2 hours 30 minutes I can understand. It's also unbelievably scary! I've seen 15 rated horror films that aren't as
scary as this! Especially at the end!So my advice is...GO! GO FORTH, AND WATCH THIS FILM! IT'S BETTER THAN A DAY
WITH VIKTOR KRUM!
			

This movie was incredibily faithful to the book.  This could be a downside,
as they did have to cut alot out in order to make a movie of managable size.
A few things were changed, but what was at least 80% of the book was there
and followed faithfully.The casting was also incredible.  Rickman as Snape was an inspiration. 
Radcliffe, Grint, and Watson as Harry, Ron, and Hermione respectively,  did
an excellent job and really carried the movie.  I do wish that the Weasly
twins and other characters had more time, but that's ok, because we'll see
more of them later.If you've read the books, you'll love the movie. Go see
it!
			

Probably the best book-to-movie adaption I have seen! That aside, the movie
stands as an incredible adventure that had me crying, laughing, cheering,
and clapping with everyone else. I would recomend this movie to wizards and
muggles alike! 
			

1) nearly perfect casting, Snape was Snape and Potter was
Potter2) great pacing, they tried to fit as much of the novel in as
reasonable3) magic was a matter of fact, not an excuse to use special
effects4) brilliant staging, it felt exactly like it was supposed
to5) true to the book, things were edited and collapsed but the story was not
changed
			

I cannot believe how quickly the film was over.  It was amazing - not only
the film but how much of the book was covered and covered very well.  I
cannot wait to see what Columbus can do with the other books.  I do hope to
see more quidditch.  Great cast, great costumes, great sets, great film
			

Having just seen HP and the Philosopher's Stone, I have to say it's one of
the most enjoyable films i've seen in a long while.  Perhaps slightly long
for a young audience, but for older watchers fantastic entertainment. I've yet to read any of the novels, but if they're remotely as interesting
as this, they must be worth a look.  Fantastic casting (Robbie Coltrane
steals the show, with Al Rickman at his best), excellent special effects, an
interesting storyline and a huge dose of humour, this is a must-see film!
Even at 9am!

			

Harry Potter is by far the largest craze in the history of fiction. There is
not a person on this Earth over the age of 5 who does not know what a muggle
is or what a Fizzing Whizbee is. Well, maybe a few, but they all know the
name 'Harry Potter.'I am 14 years of age, and yet I cannot say enough how obsessed I am with the
craze. Now in high school, its not cool for me to say that, but I still
could hardly wait for November 16.I saw the movie yesterday at 4 pm, and actually the crowd in the theatre was
a wee bit disappointing. It wa not sold out, yet I purchased my tickets (4)
two weeks prior. Oh, well.As I said in my one-sentence synopsis, 'Harry Potter And The Sorcerors's
Stone/Philosopher's Stone' is not for young children. Not only does Draco
Malfoy say "ass," but some scenes even made me flinch. There is a part of
the movie where you see He-Who-Is-Not-To-Be-Named, and he is somewhat
disturbing. Also, Fluffy was very loud, and mildly frightening to my
friends. Now imagine taking your 7 year old. Not a prime choice. Try next
door, at 'Max Keeble's Big Move.'I gave the movie a '10,' because it was outstandingly (if that's a word)
created. The quidditch scene, not giving anything away, was fantastic, and I
would be surprised to hear that they worked on it any less than 5 months of
the entire movie-making process. Something to look forward
to...Lastly, congratulations to J.K. Rowling on all of her success, and keep
writing (By the way, I wouldn't mind finding out about Harry's future, just
a hint...).
			

We went for a work outing yesterday, and got in on the first showing in
Horsham, PA. I had read all the books, and enjoy sci fi / fantasy. I'm also
an avid RPG computer fan, and play a high level wizard in
Everquest.This movie lived up to every expectation of mine. I loved it. I heard some
reviewers said it was too long - BAH! I never even noticed the length
because I was so caught up in it. The only negative was getting an emergency
page and having to run out and call them up :(But the movie was true to the story, a lot of fun, and I can't wait to see
the next one they come out with. Makes me wish I were a kid
again!
			

This is a one of a kind movie that will not be forgotten for a long time to
come. Harry Potter is played by Daniel Radcliffe, witch is the ultimate
Harry. No sole on earth could have acted as well as he did. Hermonie was a
well chosen actor. As for Ron, His personality matched his part, but he was
suppose to have freckles. But in the movie he did not. Still, The special
effects rock! The sound rules! And I would recommend this movie to any one
who loves an adventure!  
			

While I've been aware of the Harry Potter phenomenon for quite some time I
never really paid much attention to it.  After all, this is kiddie stuff,
right?  But when the movie came out I thought it might be fun to go see
what
the big deal was.  As it turns out I was given my ticket by a friend as a
birthday gift.No exaggeration, from the very opening scene I felt like this was going to
be interesting enough for even an adult.  Within a short amount of time I
was completely drawn into the film.  To say I was enchanted would be
putting
it mildly.  The characters were charming, the sets were fantastic, the
special effects were excellent but the very best part was the absolutely
wonderful, magical story!  I also thought the movie had some very positive
things to say about doing your best, friendship and love.So it's done.  I am now an official Harry Potter fan!  This wonderful
movie
experience was definitely the best gift I've gotten this year and will
recommend the film to everyone I know.  Somehow I just can't find anything
that I didn't like about Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone so I am
giving it a perfect 10.
			

After reading all of J.K Rowling's excellent Harry Potter books, I was a
little unsure about what to expect from the film. It is so very hard to
convey the essence and vitality of a book to the big screen. Little did I
know that I was in for a massive and rather pleasent surprise.The splendour of the locations as described in the book were translated so
very well to the movie - one could not help but be astounded by Hogwarts,
it's grounds and the Forbidden Forest. The use of CGI in the film was well
balanced, effective and warranted.But of course, 'smoke and mirrors' can only do so much to enhance a film.
The 'magic' truly comes from the actors and actresses who portray those so
vital roles. The casting staff need to be given full credit; I cannot think
of any one more suited to the roles than those who were cast for them.
Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson were absolutely spectacular,
words are insufficient to lavish the amount of praise upon them that is
necessary to convey my feelings. Harry, Ron and Hermione leapt from the
book
and onto the screen in their form. Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltraine, Richard
Harris and Alan Rickman must be praised for their portrayal of the Hogwarts
Faculty, each as stunning as each other, the spirit of the book must have
truly flowed throughout the film set during Filming.My only critique if any was that there were not enough scenes with the
Aforementioned faculty. However, Daniel, Rupert and Emma certainly shone
with such a light that it was only after I had thought about the film in
retrospect that I developed this 'critique'.A whole hearted 10 out of 10 goes to this film, and deservedly
so.
			

I could NOT believe HOW good this movie was!  It was so very true to the
book (thank YOU Mr. Columbus and Ms. Rowling!) and the casting was SUPERB! 
My soon-to-be 9-year-old daughter, who has read all 4 books, did not "see"
Maggie Smith as Prof. McGononagall.  I did not "see" Emma Watson as
Hermione.  She is a FABULOUS actress, and she is very pretty.  I pictured
Hermione, as did my daughter, to be more "nerdy" and I have heard others
thought Emma was an awfully pretty Hermione.  She still did a great
job!I thought Harry and Ron were PERFECTLY cast and the chemistry between these
3 was fantastic.  The special effects were great, though the Quidditch match
moved a bit quickly for our liking.  I still rate the movie a 10,
though!!!!
			

Well well, the first Harry Potter movie.  Too bad the person that played
Harry couldn't act his way out of a wet paper bag.  Other than that, the
movie, tho not all true to the book, was great.  I especially enjoyed Prof.
Snape, for I think he was best acted.  I was deeply saddened that they did
not have Peeves in the movie, which was a bad move because he plays some
pretty large rolls in the next few books.
			

I NEVER go to the movies.  Just wait for PPV for the hot ones, or cable
showings.  But, this one I had to see.  They were faithful to the story and
cut judiciously.  I understand the minor changes in the plot and felt that
it was very well done.  Casting was great.  Whether you read the book first
and then see the movie, or vice versa, you won't be disappointed. Good job.  Bring on part 2!
			

I thought Harry Potter was an awesome movie. I loved all the neat computer
graphics, and I'm glad they didn't overdo the computer graphics. The story
mainly stuck to books, there were just a few added sentences. There were
no
added scenes, and I knew before I saw the movie that they wouldn't be able
to get all of the scenes in. It would be impossible to do so unless if the
movie was like five hours long. Anyways. I loved the movie and how closely
it followed the book. 
			

I think I can sum it all up in one word: WICKED!And those of you who have been following all the hype surrounding this
movie
know exactly what I am talking about.  Those who have not, will just have
to
do their homework.I usually do not frequent movies in which I have read the book.  I broke
this rule most recently when I went to see one of John Grishams books come
alive on the big screen.  Besides the plot of the movie having the same as
the book it was hard to come away thinking they were one in the same.
Needless to say, I have not been back to see any movie of a novel I have
read since.I really had no intention of seeing this movie at first.  I wanted to keep
my imagination alive with all the vivid images and scenes that I had
painted
in my head while reading the first four books J.K. Rowling has shaped.
This
world she has created is rich with larger than life characters and scenes
that would leave even Tolkien die hard fan's in awe.Against even bone in my body saying no to going to see the movie when it
came out on the big screen, the one thing that put me in the sit was my
six
year old son who wanted nothing else more than to see Harry Potter.  He
even
got dressed up as Mr. Potter in the robes equipped with his Glasses and
signature forehead scar.I heard somewhere the production crew ended up with almost more than four
hours of movie when it was all said and done.  If Chris Columbus where to
re-release the movie at Christmas time adding the scenes back into the
movie
making it a four and half hour flick, I would be the first in line to see
it
on the big screen.Outside of the special effects and spectacular backgrounds, you could
almost
follow this movie chapter by chapter with a book in your lap.  It was as
if
they took every scene directly right out of my memory and displayed it on
the screen.The cast members were larger than life, just as they characters in the
book
that they portray.  I almost felt as if I had been transported to The
Hogwarts School of Witch Craft and Wizardry to watch some extra ordinary
unfold before my senses.Hats off to Director Chris Columbus and the Producers for recognizing the
need to produce these movies in an orderly manner.  I mean, let's face it,
two ro three years from now, Danny will not really be a boy anymore and
they
would have lost there charm by trying to replace a cast this well put
together.This was much more than eye candy and I can not wait to see how they are
all
doing next term when the Chamber of Secrets is opened after fifty years of
silence. 
			

I saw the film, and all I can say is that I was not disappointed when I
came
out of the theater. The actors did a superb job in capturing the
personalities of the characters in the book. And the film itself was well
done because it captured to mood of different parts of the
story.All in all I really enjoyed the experience and for those who condemn the
film, why don't YOU try to create a movie from a best-selling book and we
will see how hard it is and what the critics say.Bravo to the cast and crew of this absolutely wonderful film.
			

Our family first experienced Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone by
listening to the book on tape on vacation, and we have loved it ever
since.
It is the first "chapter book" that my seven year old little boy has
wanted
to read, and now he is reading Chamber of Secrets.  My 15 year old
daughter
and my little boy and I finally got to see the movie last night on opening
night!  We have been counting the days, and even had my mother camp out to
buy tickets during the day while I was at work (she went to the movie with
us also). It was everything we hoped for and more!  We all loved it and
thought all of the actors were great.  The movie was magical, fun,
exciting,
funny, imaginative, and I can't imagine anyone not liking it. We will
always
remember this magical night!
			

The movie is so true to the book that it was almost like reading (and
enjoying) it again. Wonderful effects and superb acting allow me the
pleasure of saying that I really enjoyed this "kids" movie! It was well
worth the wait.
			

I thought that I would be very disappointed in the movie after loving the
books so much.  I was pleasantly surprised!  Some of the omissions in the
movie bothered me and some of the character changes (Hermione was much too
cute and kind of annoying, and where did Dumbledore's humor go?), but
overall, I think it was a splendid adaptation.It was one of those feel-good movies that wasn't made to be a feel-good
movie, so it feels all the better.The casting was superb.  Alan Rickman was great, Maggie Smith was great,
Robbie Coltrane was great...If you haven't seen it yet, do.
			

This has been the best movie I've seen all year.  My children and I eagerly
awaited this movie.  I commend the makers of this movie - they stayed with
the book which made this a very exciting movie to see.  For my children (two
boys ages 8 and 13), it was like seeing a book come to life. They
immediately came home from this movie and went straight for book two, again.
I highly recommend this movie to all families of ALL ages.  It is a bit
longer than most movies at approximately 2.5 hours, but you don't realize
you are there for that long as the movie will have you completely engrossed
in it.  We sincerely hope they will make a movie of each of Ms. Rowling's
books and eagerly await the next movie in this series. 
Kudos!
			

The movie starts off disappointingly slow, and Daniel Radcliffe, the boy
playing the famous 'Boy Who Lived' at first delivers such an exaggerated
performance that I was afraid he would turn out to be just another cardboard
child actor, but then about fifteen minutes into the movie, everything picks
up and I ended up having one of the best movie experiences of the
year!Though not on the same preternaturally mature acting level as Haley Joel
Osment (and aside from some very melodramatically surprised expressions he
pulls when he first finds out he's a wizard), Radcliffe has enough range,
guts, and charm to make one astonishingly convincing Harry Potter.  He
projects best when Harry's upset, determined, or eager -- best, in fact,
when he's just being a regular kid who just happens to know magic.   I
wouldn't have had Harry Potter played any other way, or by any other
person!Emma Watson and Rupert Grint are cast perfectly as Harry's best friends
Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.  Watson brings the perfect amount of
eccentricity to her role as a, well, a know-it-all, and Grint pulls
well-timed comical expressions that had people laughing without him even
having to say anything.The adults in the movie were perfect in their roles.  Robbie Coltrane was
great as the giant, loose-lipped, soft-hearted Rubeus Hagrid, Richard Harris
made for a low-key Dumbledore, and Alan Rickman did an excellent job at
being Snape, in spite of getting short shrift in terms of
development.The music is yet another triumph from the incomparable John Williams.  It
evokes the mystery, magic, whimsy, and sheer adventure of the books
perfectly!  Indeed, the fast-paced action scores may even have helped save
some scenes from looking too dull or too fake.The special effects are sometimes superb (for the smaller magic tricks)
and sometimes disappointingly obvious (for most of the bigger ones), but
it's not difficult to understand in some of the more dangerous scenes.  I'd
rather have a CGI Harry hurled around at breakneck speed on a renegade
broomstick a thousand feet off the ground than risk killing the real thing! 
On the other hand, some CGI'd characters stylistically looked an awful lot
like they came from the PlayStation version of Harry Potter (essentially
moving more like plastic or rubber than real people).  With the budget the
movie had, I felt there could have been more work on the realistic look of
the CGI.  On the OTHER hand, Chris Columbus brought in just enough close-up
live action shots and real-people stunt shots for me to overlook the
fakeness.One thing that never went wrong in the movie were the action sequences. 
They were absolutely stunning!  Everything from Harry's dangerous search for
the Sorcerer's Stone to the heart-pumping battle over the Golden Snitch was
well-directed, well-shot and well-cut.In conclusion:  The movie was fabulous! Go see it!  Go see it!  (At LEAST
once!)

			

I really enjoyed this film. It was entertaining, and very fun to watch. I
haven't read the books, so it was a fresh start to Harry Potter. It was
funny, exciting, and great for everyone in the theatre I went to too. The
cinematography, and special effects were nice too. I think that Emma Watson
was really great, and Rupert Grint was very funny. There was a good lot of
humour in this film, and I think everyone should watch
it!
			

Thank God for Harry Potter. Yes this is a phenomenon, yes this needed the
book to be where it is, and YES it's been hyped, and good for it! Is that a
sin? Not when I checked. I'll be honest, I've never laid a finger on the
books, so regarding the accuracy and faithfulness of the book I can't
comment on. But A) I understood it, so it obviously stood on it's own. B)
The production team, all of it, has created "muggle" magic.This has it's flaws, but what film doesn't? This is a film that allows us to
escape, forget our problems for a hunky fast moving 2 and a half hours, and
dive into a startlingly realistic, not to mention bright and happy, world of
children, magic, wizardry, and evil. I found myself applauding during the
Quidditch (sp?) scenes, as if it was perfectly normal for kids to ride 70
feet in the air on broomsticks and get bruised up, that jellybeans come in
every flavor (including certain excretory material, you'll see), and that
kids can jump through brick walls onto a fractional train platform. What
fun!Oh! For shame you critics who refuse to enjoy! This film is for enjoyment.
This has lots of eye candy, beautiful stuff, dazzling stuff. But it's not at
all empty. If you need serious content, I was surprised to find deep running
currents, thematic elements, that are unusually mature. The pyschological
effects of a child who has lived in an emotional abusive environment for
years on end were well portrayed in several scenes. Borderline personalities
in several characters. The age old theme of giving one's life for another;
the Faustian plot of giving your soul up for personal gain; the danger of
dwelling in an inate state instead of movement to some form of action; and
of destiny. Pretty heavy for so called (and here paraphrased) "hollow kid
stuff". Are you gonna listen to complaining religious fundamentalists, snobs, and
critics? God Bless Harry Potter for the balm of a movie that finally isn't
afraid to be what it is. 
			
In 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone'; movie magic is not only
created but completely reinvented. To many loyal readers of the J.K. Rowling
series, this has been an arduous wait as they have anticipated their inner
most imaginative thoughts of these immortal characters be projected onto the
screen in a manner befitting of Hollywood fashion. Warner Brothers, the
Studio that released the film knew that that they had their hands on a very
bankable box office franchise from the very beginning. Yet, the only way to
success would be to efficiently and creatively relay all the character
development, plot and imagination that was conveyed from the books.Within this 2hr. and 23 minute opus we are treated to a 'buffet' of
cinematic magic.  The characters are engaging, the visual effects are
incredible, the plot is condensed yet direct and the pure joy of this film
is inexplicable. In short, you will pardon my colloquialism, but this film
is what going to the movies is all about. Our young protagonist is an 11year old wizard, who after being raised
by his neglectful aunt and uncle is finally ready for a stay at the
Hogwart's School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. While in attendance at this
magical and luxurious school and while under the watchful eye of many; he
meets his destiny as he proves his worth at saving the school and himself
from an elaborate scheme involving the titular stone.As unlike many films  this past year, this film on the other hand
functions on many levels. The first mark at knowing a great family film when
seeing one is viewing the complete silence of a theatre filled with children
and not even one child 'budge' during this fairly lengthy family film.
Secondly, it is clear that the film stays true to the novel and makes no
attempt at tainting plot for the sake of running time. Thirdly, the end
product is an incredible film that will clearly re-launch the Warner Studio
back to the head of the industry.While reading this review, one may easily wonder why the praise for
this film is plentiful. Therefore, allow me to elaborate and conjure up many
reasons why this film is indeed a great film. Besides the  three prior
characteristics given to explain the greatness of the film, there is another
more outstanding trait that many may not realize. That trait is found in the
casting. Our young Harry Potter is played by the young Daniel Radcliffe, a
relative newcomer to the business considering he has only appeared in only
one another film,  'The Tailor of Panama'. Potter is played with a mix of
brilliance and coyness by Radcliffe, who is absolutely photogenic  resulting
in an attraction that  is sustained  for the duration of the film. Potter is
a calm, everyday looking child who is played by an actor that certainly
seemed to  enjoy the part as he is constantly grinning throughout the whole
film; even in the transition shots. Furthermore, our filmmaker knew that the
secret to holding our attention was not only casting a great Potter, but
assembling a great cast of supporting child actors who will befriend our
Harry Potter and join him in his quest resulting in much screen time as
well. This was found in Rupert Grint and Emma Watson. They both respectively
play Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger and are astonishing as two of Harry's
partners in unraveling a great mystery locked away at Hogwarth's.In addition to our child actors; very respectable, prominent British
actors are included in the epic adaptation of the book. Richard Harris stars
as Headmaster Albus Dumbeldore, Alan Rickman as the deliciously mysterious
Professor Severus Snape and Maggie Smith as Professor Minerva McGonagell.
They all  have well grounded roles that shape this film into an enjoyable
and fantastic family adventure. Furthermore, the spirit of the book is
captured by Steven Kloves' screenwriting as many moments of the book are
brought to screen in a picturesque and larger than life way. Among them, the
highlighted scene of the film that shows Potter playing the game of
Quidditch. This game is a mix of soccer, rugby and hockey all while being
played on a flying broom. Also, the trolls, the goblins and Fluffy; the
threeheaded dog will all bring a smle to the experienced readers' eye as the
fictitious characters have been personified on screen and thus immortalized.Yet, what good would all this be without the craftsmanship of a
director who knows how to handle child actors. Chris Columbus who is most
known for the first two  'Home Alone' films steers this film and presents us
with a cinematic experience unlike anything we have ever seen before. While
exhibiting a Gothic look that appears to be out of the Tim Burton school of
production design, this film instills within its' viewer a sense of awe that
is pervasive. The film's dark tone somehow balances itself between the
darker themes and  its' lighter themes resulting in a flawless mix. This can
be seen within  the incredible intense climax in which a dual faced
character appears  resulting in a fierce battle with our hero that leaves a
body to metamorphisize into ashes.This scene to some parents was so intense
that some  deemed it too graphic and left the theatre with their children
for the duration of the climax. If there will be one complaint about the film it will be the climax.
Yet,  one must respect the film's ambitiousness and audacity at carrying out
the book's vision in a manner that pleases the loyal fan while revealing
this series of books to a whole new audience. In a nutshell, this film is
pure magic. And as the ticket counters at the theatres are clinging away
just as you read this; do not be surprised if it breaks the biggest
cinematic box office grosser of all time.Sinking that already sunken ship is
magic in itself and this film has plenty of it, resulting in repeat business
that will surely give justice to the film's many subtle moments creating 
more discovery than on its' first viewing.   
Giancarlo's Rating: ***
			

This movie came out today, November 16th. I've been eagerly anticipating
this day, and it's finally arrived. Of course I never thought it would rain
this day, me go the see the movie alone, arriving to a long line, have the
power cut off three times during the previews, and once during the movie
(when Harry is getting on the train). I didn't know I would hear the rain
pouring outside, it sounded so beautiful, and it made the movie a lot
greater. Nor did I know my truck would get flooded in the parking lot, get
my feet soaked trying to get in the truck. But all throughout this, I
couldn't get out of my wonderful dream. The Day Harry Potter came out. The
first show of the movie in this theater. 
     Everything in this movie is described very well. None seems to be left
behind from the book. Not the most important parts at least. It explains so
much, of how things get to where they need to get, and they show good ways
of actually getting there. The graphics in this movie are very good. So much
love was placed in this film. The acting is superb, the characters so well
defined. The twists this film portrays are beautiful. This film deserves the
best. Hopefully it'll get nothing less. Such a beautiful magical film.
(Literally) 

			

I've read all four (to date) of J.K. Rowling's excellent HARRY POTTER
novels.  As an 18-year old American college student, I'm far from the target
audience for this movie, but I went to see it on opening day in hopes that
it would live up to its source material.It did not disappoint.Practically everything onscreen was close to the way I'd imagined it in my
head, and points go to the set designers.  Also, this is one movie where the
SFX crew really were wizards.The actors all performed marvellously.  The standouts in my mind were Alan
Rickman as Professor Snape, and (surprisingly) Sean Biggerstaff as Oliver
Wood.The script was also excellent, hewing very close to the book.  A few scenes
were removed or merged, but they affected the movie not a
bit.I highly recommend this!
			

Exceptional. Everything expected and more. Exactly as pictured in my
imagination. They'd better hurry with the sequels, their perfect cast is
growing up. Will definitely see this again. I just hope Lord of the Rings
will be as fulfilling. 
			

I have four younger sisters, all huge Potter fans and they loved this film.
An adult could find a few minor faults with this film but the kids will go
mad for it. 
The story stays very true to the book and the all star cast of veteran Brit
actors and the young unknowns are all superb.
Take your kids to see this film NOW !
			

So maybe I'm a bit biased, being a Potter fanatic and all, but I absolutely
loved this movie. They cut out a lot of parts in the books, but it was long
as it was. And rarely does a movie stay as close to a book as this did.
Aside from a few trivial facts, it was dead on. Some scenes looked fake, but
as far as special effects go they were top of the line. Quidditch was an
delightful sight to behold. After watching these books in my head for years,
it was a truly splendid experience to see it on screen.
			

I agree with what scmovieguy wrote, and just want to add a few more things.
(Have read all the books several times and saw the first two showings on
opening day)
First, I was very impressed with the performance of Tom Felton as Draco
Malfoy. My impression from reading the book was that the character was a
typical (cliched) spoiled rich kid; however, from this performance I began
to see the way that Draco is boxed in and trapped by his influential father
and wealthy family.Second, although Harry, Ron and Hermoine were all terrific (along with the
rest of the wonderful cast), I was most surprised by Rupert Grint as Ron
Weasley. His facial expressions and overall acting intensified and
reinforced this brave, plucky character for me.Third, although I was disappointed that two of my favorite parts were cut
(Peeves the poltergeist and Hermoine's poison problem-solving), the
experience of seeing the movie enhanced the story for me and made me want to
read all of the books again.
			

I have read all 4 of the Harry Potter books at least 2 times each.  I love
these stories, they bring me back to a time when I was a child.  A time when
my imagination ran wild.  It is so exciting to see the kids get into books
again.  So here comes the Socerers Stone,  Wow...  I was so amazed at the
attention to physical detail.  Like the Castle, or the Hogwarts Express, and
even the Characters themselves, they are all so believable.  Robby Coltrane,
(Hagrid) was perfect, I think Rowling was thinking of Coltrane when she
wrote the part in the book.  Alan Rickman (Snape) is a true bad guy in most
films, and he doesn't disappoint in this one either.  I knew that not every detail of the book would be able to fit in the 155
min film, and the few details that were left out, really don't affect the
actual plot. This film had me in goosebumps from the time it started, until
the thrilling end.  I have no doubt that the Chamber of Secrets will be just
as good or maybe better..It is certainly worth the $8.00 to see the film.   

			

The critics are right, this movie is a classic in the mode of Wizard of Oz,
and Star Wars. I've never read the books and enjoyed this film so much. My 5
year old was a bit scared, but not too badly. My 10 year old expert on Harry
Potter thought it was the best film he'd ever seen, even better than the
Seven Samauri and Crouching Tiger. Go see this film. It has all the
wonderful elements of classic films.
			

As an adult I think I enjoyed this film more than a lot of kids will,
although it skips out parts of the book, it keeps to the same plot very
well, and you don't need to have read the books to follow the story
(although you MUST read the books!)
			

All I can say about this film is - ITS BRILLIANT!! I'm probably biased
though because I've read all the books 4 times each but I have to say that
the film was very true to the books and about as close as you could get in 2
and a 1/2 hours. Also HOW THE HELL IS THAT FILM A PG?! Anyone under the age of 11 would get
nightmares - hell, some bits frightened me and I'm 15! (In case you were
wondering the bits that frightened me were the screaming book &
he-who-must-not-be-named).The only fault I can find with the film is Emma Watson. She is NOT Hermione.
I'm more Hermione than she will ever be. She doesn't even look like her let
alone act like her! Anyway thats just my opinion.So even if you ain't read the books yet you still have to go to see this
film - and if it makes you feel any less embarrassed recruit any child under
the age of 11 - or me!xx Ally Kat xx
			

Being an avid reader of books my trips to the cinema often end up in tears
where characterisations, plot and often the entire shebang are sacrificed to
produce a cinematic epic. Usually to the films great detriment. Being one of
the many adults I see reading the Harry Potter series of books on their way
into work I was excited but also worried about this foray into the world of
the big screen.This film only shows you how wrong you can be. Two and a half hours of
celluloid magic later I was delighted to the point of wanting to buy another
ticket! This was sheer cinematic genius and obviously very tightly
controlled by the books author which it didn't suffer from at all! In later
discussions with friends we identified the parts of the book that weren't
there but all agreed that the film didn't need them!The young cast are all brilliant and are convincing as the characters from
the book. In fact all the characters are so well played that they don't
destroy the pictures built up in your mind having read the book but enhance
them. Richard Harris portrays Dumbledore with equal gravitas and humour and
is a delight. Maggie Smith is excellent as the venerable McGonagall and Alan
Rickman is his sneering best as Professor Snape who is restrained enough not
to overegg the pudding. But the magic of Robbie Coltrane as the bumbling and
kind Hagrid is unequalled. This was a masterpiece of casting and the sheer
force of his acting prowess carries this character off beautifully. The film
is carried by its characters and plot, both of which are well developed and
enthralling.The special effects are so good that you don't really notice them. The sign
of a good special effect is when it doesn't become the star of the film
itself. The effects in this film really create the suspension of disbelief
required to carry it off. Even the Quidditch match allows you to revel in
the excitement of the teams flying around on broomsticks without wondering
how they did it.In short this film is an absolute must! I can't think of a more delightful
way to spend two and a half hours, whether you are 5 or 50. This film will
be making people happy for years to come. It will go down in the annals of
film as a true classic.
			

Both myself and my 11 year old son are avid fans of the Harry Potter series
of books.  Not being able to wait until the release date we went to see a
preview showing the weekend before, and now we have seen it are seriously
considering going again.This is the only film that I have seen that follows the book to the word. We
both thought that the characters in the book were cast very well, as they
looked and portrayed them exactly as you imaged them to be in the
book.Robbie Coltrane, gave an outstanding portrayal as Hagrid the friendly and
lovable giant.  Richard Harris is Dumbledore and Emma Watson, Rupert Grint
and Daniel Radcliffe look as if they were born to play Hermione, Ron and
Harry.  I only hope that in the weeks to come Emma and Rupert get as much
recognition as Daniel is going to get.I did think that two and a half hours for was a little to long for a kids
film, knowing how hard it is for them to concentrate for that long.  However
after seeing it I can confidently say that not one of the kids in the
cinema, and it was packed to the rafters, appeared to be anything but glued
to the screen for the whole time. Proving that if you make a film good
enough, and this one is, you will be able to make any kid sit back in wonder
while they are taken into the world of, their hero, Harry Potter.

			

What a film! I thought the newspaper reviews were just over hyping it by
saying it was probably the best kids film ever made, they
weren't.I can't think of a single bad thing to say about this film. So the purists
may say some bits of the book have been left out, and other bits changed
(the release of Norbert the dragon being the biggest one in my opinion), but
other than that the film is exactly how I imagined the
book.I didn't realise John Williams did the music until the end (although I began
to suspect it during it). The whole chess game sequence was breath-taking,
and Williams's music really builds the tension.Finally, I have to say that Alan Rickman was born to play Severus Snape, in
much the same way Jack Nicholson was born to play the Joker in
Batman.A thoroughly enjoyable film, only 365 days until the next ones
out!Anthony.
			

I saw Harry Potter film Saturday morning at 10.35 in Odeon
Harrogate.Ive read the books and went with 2 seven year olds (boy and girl) and my
wife. Of the four of us only my wife hadn't read the book.We all enjoyed the film very much including my wife who had doubts initially
about sitting through a film nearly 2 1/2 hours long. The children sat and
watched it without any moments where there attention strayed. It flies
by.I've never seen a film twice at the cinema but I intend to see this one again
because there's so much to it.The special effects are great and the film reminds me of a cross between
Raiders of the Lost Ark and say an Enid Blyton Famous Five Film. However,
its very English so it will be intersting to see what the Americans think.
Its pure escapism with another World..Hogwarts School being created. In that
sense there's no clash with the horrors of Sept 2001.The costume design/ sets are brilliant ..eg Gringotts Wizard Bank and Diagon
Alley Wizard shops (and the Gringotts goblins). The Move from London 2001
into Wizard London is magical as is the Kings Cross scenes.All the actors are well cast, Richard Harris (who I've never been keen on
plays a brilliant Albus Dumbledore)The 3 main child actors are very good; they don't come over like some
slightly obnoxious Annakin SkyWalker in Star Wars.Harry Potter is fairly straight good guy ; so its a difficult part to play
as like Superman he doesn't have much character. Ron Weasly is the character
and he really looks the part with a distinctive rubbery face. Hermione
Granger is bossy, very pretty and plays a strong part.What you start to realise is how much has to be left out of a film which
sticks very close,timewise,plotwise to the book. To portray the book in full
would take a ten hour film so lots have to go eg Draco Malfoys first meeting
with Harry on the train and rat scabbers attack and Hermiones logic
challenge after Ron's Chess game beating up.The stars (John Hurt , Cleese, Julie Walters etc etc ) all play great parts
though one soon realises how cut down the characters have to be to get the
main storyline in.There are memorable scenes (and quite scary ones at that). (so not suitable
I'd say for any under fives). The film will however appeal to adults as well
as kids. 1) The Quidditch Match
2) The Wizard Chess Game
3) The Troll on the loose in Hogwarts
4) The encounter with Voldemort at the end.
5) Gringotts security systems.I'm just giving a general flavour of a film which in my opinion is far
superior to the last Star Wars and which is even better than Toy Story/Bugs
Life.My opinion is that this Harry Potter film will not just be a hyped wonder
but will last a long long time in terms of popularity and staying power; it
will thus do well on Video/DVD when the time comes but prior to that will
enjoy a long run at the box office.Cheers 

			

Wow!  Harry Potter and the Philosopher's stone really is the movie of the
year!  The vivid colours and breathtaking scenery in and around Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry are utterly breathtaking. Some points of the film, however, were not quite conveyed as I would have
hoped.  There were a number of places where events from the book were
omitted.  This was to be expected, though, as was not too much of a
disappointment.  The only real gripe I would have would be that some scenes
were not accurate reflections of the book.  Some scenes were also changed
from the book, and some were totally original!Overall, though, the film was excellent!  A must see for children and adults
alike!
			

I should start by saying I am an absolute Harry Potter nut and so the film
carried a huge weight of expectation.  It didn't disappoint.  The film
includes stunning renderings of all the key scenes, wonderfully acted by an
obviously caring and dedicated team.  The scenery and effects are stunning
and fill you with a sense of wonder I haven't felt since I was a kid. 
Diagon alley, platform 9 3/4 and Hogwarts are all straight from J.K.
Rowlings descriptions and were just how I pictured them.  The set pieces
of the quiditch and chess match were fantastically exciting and added pace to
a film that could have lagged (its 2 1/2 hours!).  The acting was uniformly
superb.  Maggie Smith is brilliant as the strict yet caring McGonagal,
Richard Harris adds the perfect sense of weght to Dumbledore and Snape is
made suitably menacing without being camp by Alan Rickman.  The kids are
brilliant, Rupert Grin and Emma Watson making Ron and Hermione their own,
with only one line sounding corny from either.  Dan Radcliffe is good as
Harry but would I feel have benefited from a bit of voice to camera naration
to explain his feelings.  A mention should also go to Sean Biggerstaff as
Oliver Wood, who is great when guiding Harry through quiditch and performing
heroics in the Gryfindor goal.  Undoubtedly the star of the show though is
Robbie Coltrane's Hagrid, he shows a full range of emotion from rage at the
dursleys to caring ad sensitive with Harry.  He also gets the best comedic
momments throughout the film.The film cuts out some of the ancillary bits from the book, the begging is
truncated and some scenes which added context or insight are missing, but if
you left them in it would have to be a mini series instead of a film. 
Nothing important is missed however and the film still conveys the magical
wonder of the book.I loved this film, it had me cheering at the quiditch and crying at the end
with the poignant momnts of interaction between characters.  The film is
truly magical!
			

Read the books, saw the film, completely happy.  
A film that stays with the book.  The effects were fantastic, especially the
Quidditch game.  The acting was superb, it's good to know that there are
still so many great British actors around.  2 1/2 hours is a long time for
one film without a break.  However, I don't think anyone noticed the time
going - I know I didn't - and in the cinema I was in, the couple of hundred
children who sat enthralled throughout the movie could probably have happily
sat through the whole four hours of the film's original length. The translation from written word to motion picture was just right.  Humour
was there for all ages and considerate children were happily warning their
parents when scary bits were coming up.
A fantastic film, well worth the hype.
			

One of the most anticipated and one of the best films of
2001.Yes there are sections from the book that have been missed out ( like the
magical world's jubilation at the demise of Voldemort, a lot of the
pre-letter scenes with the Dursleys, all of Dudley's "friends", the first
meeting with Malfoy, the school song etc. ) BUT it doesn't
matter.The look is right, it feels right and it is marvellously executed from the
cast, locations, direction and CGI/animation ( Compare and contrast the
excellent Fluffy and the Centaur with that dire Scorpion in Mummy Returns !
)This is a magic film with its own powerful magic - that of creating a world
where you can stay for an all too short a time.Certainly my film of the year. ( At least until LOTR )
			
It's hard to imagine just how influential the Harry Potter series has
been on my life. It was released around the time I was born, and I
can't really ever remember a time when it wasn't my favorite world to
escape into. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is the first book
I can remember becoming a fan of, and wanting to read it again straight
away. I'm not even going to pretend that I can judge this without
bringing over my fondness for the books.For all the fault this first movie has, it feels like a soon-to-be
classic, with many aspects featured here becoming ubiquitous in popular
culture. The score by John Williams is recognized worldwide as a
magical and wondrous piece of music, conjuring up images of
broomsticks, wands, and giant castles hidden in the mountains. Hogwarts
Castle itself is now an enormously successful theme park in Florida,
Osaka, and more on the way. King's Cross has become a tourist
attraction, with hundreds of fans waiting in line to take a picture
with the trolley at Platform 9 3/4 every day.The cast from the very beginning is stock full of British acting
royalty, great actors sinking their teeth and relishing every bit of
dialogue. The young actors do their best and it's fun to see them start
off, knowing what lies ahead for them, both in the course of the series
and afterwards as well.The opening sequences have a real sense of mystery and wonder, possibly
enhanced by the knowledge of the truth about Harry's real identity. The
introductions to characters and places are perfect, most notably:
Diagon Alley, Alan Rickman as Snape, and our first glimpse of Hogwarts.The story is simple and mostly an excuse for world-building, but what a
world to get lost in. In my head, Hogwarts wasn't so...practical, but
it looks like a place a child of 11 would consider the most amazing
place in the world. The creatures and rules and spells add to the fun.The film does feature shoddy CGI (the quidditch match is particularly
bad) and at 2 and a half hours it is overlong. It's hard to ignore,
though, the place in popular culture it has attained and the earnest
sense of wonder and fun that it offers to everyone who gives it a
chance.
			
You can't deny that the beginning of the Harry Potter series basically
marked the beginning of your childhood and the inevitable roller-
coaster of emotion we had all hopped aboard for. I remember when this
first came out in 2001 and it was unlike any other movie I had ever
seen, with monsters, adventures and magic it truly was something
unthinkable for young me. If you have yet to see the first of this
remarkable eight-part story (counting the deathly hollows as two) I
highly recommend to put this on your watch-list and let Harry and his
friends take you on one of the most unforgettable journeys of your
life.
			
The day I went to see this movie in the cinema I can remember very
well. The film was from 2001 and in those days I was 7, so it was one
of the first movie's I saw in cinema. If you are the young you can't
remember anything so a movie must make a very good impression on you.
If it wants to be good. There was one scene in this first movie that I
will never forget. It made such a big impression on me. It was were my
love for Harry Potter started. Hogwarts was in a way a safe place for
me, and the magic really hit me. And it still does today. This scene
that impressed me so much was when the audience could see Hogwarts for
the very first time on screen. You just saw this massive castle, in
that was so impressive; I actually can't put it into world how
enthusiastic I was. The children were sitting in the boats effortlessly
and were floating over the water. The castle had something magical and
I was sure I would never forget it.I think this shows that Chris Columbus was a very great Director. He
really brought the magic over on screen. I still think Chris Columbus
was the best choice to make the first two films. His ambition and his
effort were incredible. I have a lot of respect for this man on the way
I made this film. And at times it wasn't easy. The biggest part of the
casting were children of the age of 11 years old. And he always needed
to be calm, never he lost his temper or his patience. He kept holding
on to his job. And most important he really wanted it to be good, so if
Rowling had any critics he really wanted to change it. Those reasons
are for me the reason why he was the best man to do the first two
films. I had loved to see him doing the whole series.But more about that in my review on Film 3: prisoner of Azkaban. People
sometimes forget that when they start making these movies they had to
start everything. How does it sound when someone waves his wand ? How
does the Hogwarts uniform look like ? How does wands look ? Etc. There
were so much questions that needed to be answered, I think Chris dealt
with that on an incredible way. He is certainly one of my Childhood
heroes.The pressure of the filmmakers was so big especially because of the
casting of the characters and the look of the magical world; Hogwarts,
Diagon Alley. The fans had certain wishes they really cared about the
books and wanted it to be perfect. The filmmakers must have felt this
pressure I am almost 100 % sure of that. So David Heyman (producer) and
Chris Columbus had to cast the characters and as a fan I couldn't wish
for a better casting. I most enjoyed Richard Harris as Albus
Dumbledore. He did such an impressive job and it is so sad that he
died. He was perfect for the role.That's the same for Alan Rickman as Severus Snape, Emma Watson as
Hermione Granger , Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter. Actually I can go
on and say it about the whole casting, because they were perfect. We,
fans, had the best cast, the best directors, producers we could wish
for in a franchise. And I really can't be more proud than I am now it
is over. On the first film those actors did such an amazing job. And
David Heyman and Chris Columbus did such an amazing job for the
casting.The storyline is something really important in a film. And I am just
not very fond of Steve Kloves. In the first film he surprisingly did a
good job and that's why, combined with casting , the first film is one
of the best in the series. Sometimes you need to leave your favorite
parts of the book and make selection to include only the most
important. Steve Kloves did a very good job in the first movie but had
of course help of J.K.Rowling. The thing I was a little disappointed
about was that some lines that were meant for Ron were said by
Hermione. This was because Steve liked the character Hermione. And I
think that isn't necessarily at all. Because things characters say can
develop characters, or show how characters are. It is very clear that
the first movie is a very mysterious film you didn't get the answer
immediately. For example when Harry looks at Snape for the first time.
On the other hand there is a very good character development not only
through the whole series but also in the first movie. Something that
belonged in the story was how Prof.Quirrell got in touch with Voldemort
? I mean this is the most important question in the first film and is
explained very good in the book. But you didn't hear Voldemort or
Quirrell talk about how this happened. How did Voldemort get inside his
head ? I rate this film 10/10 just because; as a fan I couldn't wish
for a better start of the film series based on those books. I think the
movies should never be remade, because Filmmakers will have the right,
then to do whatever they want. To change certain things. A lot of
remakes went wrong because filmmakers didn't respect the original
source of the story. We should respect the effort the directors, the
actors and everyone who worked on Harry Potter throughout the series
had in this films. I absolutely Believe this story's; the books and
this films are Timeless. People of all generations can grow up with
this. Although not the same as the original generation. They can grow
up with Harry, and watch these films. It was absolutely unforgettable.
			
The Sorcerer's Stone was an excellent introduction to the Harry Potter
series. The main focus for this film was the development of the
characters. Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter could not have been better
casted; he not only did a phenomenal job but also made the character
come to life. Rupert Grint and Emma Watson, who played Ron and Hermione
were also wonderful throughout the whole film. The other characters
such as Dumbledore, Hagrid, and McGonagall may play smaller parts
however they are no less impressive. Along with the characters, this
film also introduces Hogwarts, which was an unbelievable creation. The
journey for the three children into Hogwarts and into each other's
lives was very well done.I feel an element which adds a lot of character to the film is its use
of lighting. The scenes inside of Hogwarts are lit by candlelight,
torches, and oil lamps which gives them a very old world ambiance.
Although the scenes were darker, this use of lighting allows the
audience a truer look into how Hogwarts would have been.Once everyone is properly introduced to the audience, the plot shifts
from character development to the story of Harry's, Hermione's, and
Ron's search for the Sorcerer's Stone. As the children explore Hogwarts
and search for the truth it is important to see how the characters
react to conflict and how it continually builds the storyline. This is
also important due to the fact that it is the first movie in the series
and is setting the groundwork for those that follow. The next movie in the series Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets,
followed in the footsteps of its predecessor. It continues to develop
the characters and helps to form an even deeper emotional attachment
between them and the audience. The theme continues not only throughout
the first film but all of those that follow. This made these films
almost an addiction to the viewers, everyone who watches has a genuine
concern for all of the characters and a curiosity about what will
happen next. The unifying central concerns for this film were both characters and
plot; both of these were equally important for the film as a whole.
Together they created one of the most acclaimed family films of our
time.
			
I still remember going to the cinema ten years ago, when I was just six
years old and had no idea how good this would be. If I had only known
I'd still be as obsessed as I was right after seeing it ten years
later! This movie made me read the Harry Potter books. I was six years
old, still a little young, but I didn't want to read anything else, I
wanted to discover more. And I did. I fell in love with every single
character, from Harry himself to Hermione and even Lord Voldemort. I
don't know how many times I've seen this film. More than a thousand
times I guess. And it never gets boring. It will get boring eventually
if you're not a Harry Potter fan and haven't read the books, but wow,
there's so much to discover and you really do discover new things in
this movie every time you watch it. It really never gets old. This is a
classic.I would recommend this movie to every child on this planet. Every
single child. This movie won't quite show it yet, but the whole series
has one very important message really: "It's always wrong to hate, but
it's never wrong to love." And I think that should be taught to all
children all over the world.
			

This movie brought us into a world of fantasy, good, and evil.  It
remained
true to the book in spirit and stayed pretty close in fact.  The world
created by Rowling and put to the screen by Columbus had secrets all over
that we slowly discover with Harry.  I rated this a 10 not because it is a
perfect movie, but because it is better than 95% of all others I've seen.
And it was nice to take a break from reality and realize that not even
wizards have fun all the time.  Though, I would love to try out the Nimbus
2000 just once.
			

My favourite part was when the staircases changed (Simon age
7).We went as a family and we were all very impressed.  There is nothing wrong
with the acting, it is uniformly good and neither is there anything duff
about the special effects, in fact they are excellent and the result is a
delight to watch which has a 'magical' atmosphere. I give it 10 out
10.
			

For the first time in my life I purchased tickets in advance for a film as
my son wanted to see it before his friends. I went with wife, son, daughter,
wife's dad and mother. Simply superb! The quidditch game is stunning. The three headed dog amazing. The humour,
effects and acting are breathtaking. Go and see it. But please make sure you
see Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone that is the real
mccoy!
			

As a lover of the books I was concerned as to whether the film(s) would do
them justice.  Despite this the pre-release hype and the cast list had led
me to expect (or hope for) great things.  I am happy to say that I was
impressed with the finished product.There was hardly a weak link in the cast - Hagrid and Ron standing out from
the rest.  The film looked fantastic.  The blending of sets and CGI was
(almost) seamless - some of the quidditch backgrounds and the centaur looked
a little cartoony.  But generally the world of Harry Potter looked spot
on.The only people who will be disappointed will be those who expect every
letter of the book to be reproduced on screen.  To everyone else I can
recommend this film as 2 1/2 hours well spent.
			
I had read J. K. Rowling's first Harry Potter book before I saw its
cinematic adaptation (it happened the other way round in the case of
the remaining instalments) and I was very pleased with the movie. I
still am. Chris Columbus was criticised for being too slavishly
faithful to the book but in my view that was just the right approach.
The movie presented Harry Potter's world exactly the way I had
envisioned it. The cast was perfect, the tone was perfect, the visuals
were perfect. Granted, the book is richer and funnier (Rowling has a
very British, wicked sense of humour) but it is ultimately a children's
book with a universal message about the value of love, friendship and
courage, so, in my opinion, veering towards a darker, more grotesque
feel would have been a mistake.Having seen the whole story, Harry Potter & The Sorcerer's Stone
remains one of my favourites from the saga (for me, the top spot goes
to the second one, The Chamber of Secrets). Rupert Grint and Emma
Watson are especially adorable in this one, the former actually having
his most heroic moment here with the wizard's chess.Great entertainment for kids and the young at heart, endlessly
rewatchable true movie magic that has a well-earned place among the
greatest modern fairy-tales, that is, George Lucas's Star Wars
(episodes I-VI) and Tolkien's/Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings &
The Hobbit.
			
Harry Potter means a lot to me, I've watched this movie when I was 12
years old after reading the 2 first books. Rowling's book was the first
real book (no pictures, no big fonts, no pop-ups) I've ever read so
when I entered the movie theater it was like entering a world I had
seen before only in my imagination and I still remember that day now 10
years later. Even though there's a lot of things different from JK Rowling's novel I
wouldn't change a thing about this movie - Perhaps put some contact
lens on Daniel, I was kinda disappointed he didn't have green eyes like
Lily's- . First because you could never be 100% loyal to a book and
second because I think Chris Columbus made a wonderful job. I've watched this movie at least 30 times and each time feels like the
first, and each time a piece of that girl I was at 12 years old comes
back and it feels great to know I still have her with me. I hope one
day taking my kids to a movie theater to watch this movie (since
they'll obviously release again someday) so they will feel what I've
felt 10 years ago.Harry Potter lives inside the heart of a generation and it's amazing to
see that his story came from the books to the movies without losing its
magic.
			
Parents, if you are deciding weather or not your kid should watch it.
There may be some violent scenes when Voldemort comes back for revenge.
Harry Potter realizes that he is a wizard and meets new friends and
some unfortunate events/people. Harry Potter realizes that magic can
help you through tough times. If you decide that your kids should see
this move, they may have a tough time realizing that magic is not real.
This movie teaches kids that friends are there for you and can help you
achieve greatness. Harry Potter realizes even with a bad family life
(Parents who are not there for Harry and a mean uncle/aunt and cousin)
he still manages to live a full and adventurous life. This movie is a
AMAZING movie and I totally recommend seeing it.
			
One of the greatest movies ever made! Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's
Stone is the one that kicked off the legendary franchise which birthed
so many fantastic movies. There are already a ton of reviews and
comments about this one and the others that I will not get into the
specifics of the movie, but I think it's the acting, special effects
and amazing story that really set this one above so many fantasy films
for young adults. I was still a teen when this came out and it got me
to read the books which I am forever grateful. For a young girl, Harry
Potter taught me a lot about life, love and magic in a way that I never
thought possible. It really has me believing in the power of magic
which can overcome all obstacles and make good prevail in the end!
			
never has there been a book adaptation so popular or great as Harry
Potter. This is one of my all time favorite movies (Alongside the
others). Harry Potter is a movie people will look back at for years on
end. No matter how much you watch it you will always want to visit it
again and again. Some people say that these movies are meant for kids
but the further these went on they became more for adults. This one you
can watch with you're children all the time. This was based on a
children's book, so were the others, but only the first two felt like
they were for kids and the others just became more freighting for kids.
It's about a kid named Harry Potter who is told by the half giant
Haggrid that he is a wizard and go's to Hogwarts school for witchcraft
and wizardry. Who friends two kids Hermione Granger and Ron Wesley, who
try to defeat the dark wizard Voldemort, who killed Harry's parents
when he was young. The ending is a bit dark for kids.
			
Harry Potter and the Philosophers stone, this was the movie that
started the whole rage about harry potter. Now don;t get me wrong the
books did all the work but the movie enhanced the series even more. In
this first Harry Potter there was a lot more of on location sites shot
than the rest of the Harry Potter films. As you can see whenever they
are out on the courtyard, or when they are first learning how to fly. I
think this adds a certain aspect to the movie where it still kinda
humanizes it and since it is being shot on something that is real it
makes us think that it is real. Versus it being shot in a studio with a
lot of graphic events. The only reason I gave this movie a 10 out of 10
is probably because it is my favorite movie ever. The other Harry
Potter movies are good but this one sets the tone for the rest of them
all. Harry is such a universal character that the movie makes us feel
apart of him. Not that we are all wizards or know what it is like to
sleep under a staircase but it's his internal qualities that make
people fall in love with him. Plus a whole lot of this movie is also a
lot of exploration of the whole wizarding world that we get to see
through Harry's eyes and experience it for the first time with him. So
we can connect with him. This movie is a must see, no matter what.
			
I loved Harry Potter and Sorcerer's Stone! It was absolutely wonderful
to read as well as to watch. One little thing though: In the movie
scene which Professor McGonagall goes to fetch Wood, captain of the
Gryffindor Quidditch team, and tells him that she had found him a new
seeker, Harry (after seeing him flying through the air, retrieving
Neville's Remembrall that Malfoy threw into the air), the classroom
Professor McGonagall entered was the Defense Against the Dark Arts
classroom, according to the book. But in the movie, the teacher was
Professor Quirrell. In the book, it was Professor Flitwick teaching.
Just thought I'd clear that up. Other than that, great book and great
movie.
			
In short it , is the story of three children who left they house , to
join the school of witchcraft . But the main character is Harry Potter
. He is a little boy who lived whit his anty , because his parents died
in a accident . He was so much tortured and so he was living under the
stairs . One day , he received a letter from someone and his uncle took
it and ripped it . After that , he received again and again a lot of
letters from the same person and his uncle burnt it . But a few day
later , when it was Harry's birthday , a giant came with a cake in his
hand , to take him with him . So what will happen to Harry ? To know
that , you have to watch this film !!!Our comment: We really enjoyed this movie , it was very amazing , the
acting was wonderful , the screenplay was impressive . The story was
the best that we ever seen . The setting in the movie was also too good
, and mostly the sequence of " The match of Quidditch " , which was
unbelievable . But the weak point is that the film was so much childish
because , for me , there are not a lot of violent scenes . Else the
movie is a must-see . So we advise you to go to see the film as quickly
as possible with all the family and children . At the end of the day ,
you will deserve it !!!!!
			
Missing Harry, Ron, and Hermione. They're so cute and adorable. But my
favorite one is always Hermione. All cast played the role very
beautifully and convincing, but I focused more to Hermione because I am
such a big fan of her. She could act funny, smart, and cold in this
Harry Potter movie.I expected to see Peeves here because I was so curious about his shape.
He's such a peeving ghost. But I didn't think he existed in the first
movie. I just love the journey to the forbidden forest and seeing those
centaurs. And Voldemort is so damn ugly. Poor you, Vol.The point is, I am satisfied with this movie adapted from an amazing
book. Just a great work, both of them.
			
What a film! I watched this yesterday after a long hard shift at the
fish mongers, I was amazed. It's all about this little bespectacled kid
called Harold potter who as luck would have it is a kind of wizard or
alien. The lad has special powers that allow him to talk to snakes,
slugs, pigs & various rodents, not only is he bilingual he's also rock
hard and proves this every chance he gets by scrapping with anyone who
so much as looks at him wrong. After finding out about his new skills
and Uri Geller like mind Harold boards a train for Hogwarts, a special
school for other wizard/aliens. Accompanied by his new mates, a ginger
lad & a little lass, Harold foils a terrorist plot and uses his special
brain to bring the terrorist to justice. Also involved is the local
gardener a big bloke from the Bristol area called Hagrid. Hagrid also
has special powers but sadly a less than special brain. Another
character who appears frequently is the albino anti Christ Malfoy, who
with the help of two goons goes round picking on folk. Harold can also
fly, play chess, read, write and is a brave athlete in his spare time.
With little or no flaws to his personality Harold potter is a cult
figure in London and the south west, we also learn he loves the country
side, owls and a hearty breakfast of a morning, all of which are
abundant at Hogwarts
			
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's stone was released in 2001, and Daniel
Radcliffe was starred in all the film in the Harry Potter series. Chris
Columbus directed this fantasy movie based on the novel 'Harry Potter'
by J. K. Rowling. Harry Potter shows the purity of children and gives
us a chance to look back on our lives. We can see the kind of magic we
could imagine when we were children such as making something floating
in the sky, getting in a car which can fly in the sky, and magic that
can make someone or something invisible.The film is set in Hogwarts, where Harry Potter is a young wizard. When
Harry Potter was a child, his family abused him by forcing him to do
many chores. One day, he gets an admission card from Hogwarts. The card
is the beginning of the new life for him and his new best friends,
Hermione Granger and "Ron" Weasley, with magic, professors, and new
world. Harry Potter enters a new dormitory called Gryffindor. While
getting to know about school life and experiencing the life, he
realizes there's something going on in Hogwarts related to a stone
hidden in the school. He starts to dig out the truth about the secret.
Finally, he faces a dangerous situation.The set of Harry Potter is a magnificent castle which is big enough to
accommodate all the student. Students can take a class and even fly
with their broomsticks in the castle. Furthermore, this wonderful
castle is combined with special effects including monsters, magic, and
many wizards. When Harry Potter flies with his broomstick, the castle
looks marvelous and made me think I'm definitely going there before I
die. Of course, inside the castle, the classroom seems really antique
and huge. In addition to this, the hall where students usually gather
and have breakfast, lunch, and dinner with beautiful sky made by magic
is the perfect place for making students want to study.With the wonderful set and magic, Harry Potter gives us whole new
fantasy. While watching this movie, we could escape from our daily
lives. This could give us a relaxing time and the energy which may help
us face our problems with a fresh perspective.
			
HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE (released in some territories
with the alternative subtitle THE SORCERER'S STONE) is the first film
in the HARRY POTTER film series and it is based on the novel of the
same name.The story follows Harry Potter's first year at Hogwarts as he discovers
that he is a famous wizard and begins his magical education.It is a really good film and this was the film that started a beloved
franchise.The story, you already know, having read the books and seen the films
it follows Harry Potter at Hogwarts and the story is really great.This film is completely flawless.The action is amazing and not crazy. The humor in this film is just
really cool and I don't think I could not crack up with any kind of
joke in this film.The acting is superb. The entire cast is amazing, with Daniel
Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Tom Felton, Bonnie Wright and Emma Watson are
really amazing in this film and they do good. The cast is not
Oscar-worthy, but I can still get a kick out of the performances.The visual effects in this film are impressive. The sound design and
creature design looks amazing and I thought this movie should have won
an Oscar. The music is really great and just cool as hell. John
Williams did an amazing job and I like his style of music, especially
the Superman, Indiana Jones, E.T., Jaws, Jurassic Park, Harry Potter
and most of all, the Star Wars musical themes.And to this day, ET and Jurassic Park remains as my favorite Steven
Spielberg films of all time because they are both classic. The visuals
and the iconic shot of Elliot and ET riding their bicycle up in the air
is amazing and fantastic to see. It still blows me away, what movie
directed by Steven Spielberg does not blow you away. The iconic theme
in Jurassic Park and the dinosaurs in that film look impressive and
that film is what lead George Lucas to do the STAR WARS prequel
trilogy.Overall, HARRY POTTER and the SORCERER'S STONE is a little bit flawed,
but it is a great start to a film franchise and it is also a great
movie of a generation.10/10 - an ABSOLUTE SMASH HIT!
			
The first Harry Potter film does a great job in introducing us to all
the main characters that are important throughout the franchise. It is
a wonderful movie that has great cinematography, surprisingly great
acting coming from really young kids and just a sense of wonder,
adventure and imagination throughout.I believe the movie truly is a treat especially for fans of the book,
since the film is extremely faithful to it. The only real flaw I think
this movie has is the fact that it was filmed during a very
experimental time in the CGI-ERA and most of the CGI looks pretty bad
and dated. I am not kidding there are many scenes in the movie, that
looking closely, it looks just like a cartoon.However, this rather small flaw does not affect the movie's plot, nor
its magic and it certainly cannot hide the fact that Harry Potter and
the Sorcerer's Stone is an amazing movie that introduces us to a
beautiful and magical world.
			
PG(Supernatural Themes,Mild Violence |
152MINS|Adventure,Family,Fantasy|Users need to know that this first installment in the Harry Potter
series has some intense and frightening moments. Harry Potter and other
students -- who are only 11 years old here -- are in peril and get
injured, but not seriously, and a great amount of of the violence comes
from fantasy creatures. There is a flashback to the (bloodless) death
of Harry's parents and several discussions about how they were murdered
and the person who killed them.Themes | 4/10 | (Mild) Supernatural Themes (immortality, living inside
another's body, wizarding elements, fantasy/mythical creatures, ghosts,
etc.)Violence | 4/10 | (Mild) Children are in peril often, mostly from
fantasy creatures. A multiple-headed dog chases Harry, Ronald and
Hermione. Harry and Draco see a dead and injured unicorn, and are
threatened by a cloaked figure in the Forbidden Forest. Harry, Ronald
and Hermione battle a troll and knock it unconscious, are almost
crushed by Devil's Snare (a constricting plant, are chased by flying
keys, and are injured by a life-sized chess board. Most kind ghosts
roam the halls of Hogwarts (School Of Witchcraft And Wizardry); Sir
Nearly Headless Nick shows how he got the name by pulling his head off
(played for laughs. A flashback to the bloodless death of Harry's
parents and several discussions about how they were murdered and the
person who killed them.Language | 3/10 | (Mild) Seven uses of the word 'bloody', one use of
the phrase 'bloody hell', one use of the word 'bugger, one use of the
word 'ass, one use of the word 'crap', one use of the word 'damn'.
Several uses of the phrases 'My God' and 'For Christ's Sake'.Drug Use | 1/10 | (Very Mild) Rum is mentioned in one scene. The
entrance to the Wizarding World is hidden behind 'The Leaky Cauldron'(a
wizarding pub). No people appear to be drinking alcoholic beverages,
but one man is briefly shown smoking a pipe.Nudity | 0/10 | (None)Sex Scenes/References | 0/10 | (None)12/60 = 20% (7+) Mild PG
			
HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE (released in some territories
with the alternative subtitle THE SORCERER'S STONE) is the first film
in the HARRY POTTER film series and it is based on the novel of the
same name.The story follows Harry Potter's first year at Hogwarts as he discovers
that he is a famous wizard and begins his magical education.It is a really good film and this was the film that started a beloved
franchise.The story, you already know, having read the books and seen the films
it follows Harry Potter at Hogwarts and the story is really great.This film is completely flawless.The action is amazing and not crazy. The humor in this film is just
really cool and I don't think I could not crack up with any kind of
joke in this film.The acting is superb. The entire cast is amazing, with Daniel
Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Tom Felton, Bonnie Wright and Emma Watson are
really amazing in this film and they do good. The cast is not
Oscar-worthy, but I can still get a kick out of the performances.The visual effects in this film are impressive. The sound design and
creature design looks amazing and I thought this movie should have won
an Oscar. The music is really great and just cool as hell. John
Williams did an amazing job and I like his style of music, especially
the Superman, Indiana Jones, E.T., Jaws, Jurassic Park, Harry Potter
and most of all, the Star Wars musical themes.And to this day, ET and Jurassic Park remains as my favorite Steven
Spielberg films of all time because they are both classic. The visuals
and the iconic shot of Elliot and ET riding their bicycle up in the air
is amazing and fantastic to see. It still blows me away, what movie
directed by Steven Spielberg does not blow you away. The iconic theme
in Jurassic Park and the dinosaurs in that film look impressive and
that film is what lead George Lucas to do the STAR WARS prequel
trilogy.Overall, HARRY POTTER and the SORCERER'S STONE is a little bit flawed,
but it is a great start to a film franchise and it is also a great
movie of a generation.10/10 - an ABSOLUTE SMASH HIT!
			
Harry Potter Is simply astonishingly perfect. It's clear to see that
everyone Involved, from Author to Producer, from Actor to Fan, all have
nothing but love for the Harry Potter franchise. Just like myself, many
people grew up with Harry Potter, and If you didn't grow to love the
franchise more and more by each film, then there's definitely something
wrong. I literally could write 100 reasons why you should watch the Harry
Potter franchise, so do yourself favor and start where it all began
with Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone! To this day, I still
appreciate the effort and passion what went into the first film, and
believe me It doesn't stop there. What JK. Rowling created is without a
doubt, Outstanding! From Chocolate frogs to a Nimbus 2000, this film
brings a new meaning to fantasy, It's simply magical.If your like me and have read the books, you will appreciate how close
the film franchise stuck to the books story line. Each character looks
and acts as they were described. It's somewhat heart warming to see
your favorite characters up on a big screen, you can see the passion
that they have, and the love they also have for their characters. Harry
Ron & Hermione are portrayed SO SO well, they defiantly did their
research when deciding on who played what character. For me tho, the
music and art of the world Is unbeatable and the best thing there is
about this film. It gives you a false sense that the world Is real and
Magic does actually exist!I literally cannot describe every positive thing about this film, the
list would go on and on and I cannot compare anything to magical
feeling you get when watching these films. I would only suggest that
anyone considering watching them or this film, to do so! You will not
find magic as powerful than this, anywhere else. 10/10 - Nothing more deserving.
			
Chris Columbus' Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (aka Harry Potter
and the Philosopher's Stone) is a masterpiece to it's genre, and the
only franchise in movie history to contain eight movies. the movie
itself as you already know focuses on the character of Harry Potter
(played by a young Daniel Radcliffe)whose parents get killed while he
was just a baby then he gets taken by his aunt and uncle (played by
Richard Griffiths and Fiona Shaw) who neglected him and only cared for
their only son, then after all his mail got burned by his uncle Vernon
he was taken to Hogwarts academy for witchcraft and wizardry by Rubeus
Hagrid (played by Robbie Coltrane). While Potter is on the way to
Hogwarts academy by train he makes two new friends one named Ron
Weasley (played by Rupert Grint) and the other a girl named Hermione
Granger (played by Emma Watson).The professors at the academy have very
interesting personalities such as Prof. Albus Dumbledore (played by
Richard Harris), Prof. Snake (played by Alan Rickman) and Prof.
McGonogal (played by Maggie Smith). This movie is the best Chris
Columbus movie that i have seen since that of Mrs. Doubtfire (1993).
			
very good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic my
favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic
my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o
magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a
lot o magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of special
effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of
special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot
of special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a
lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very good
movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very
good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.
			
I had a friend who worked at a movie theater during the releases of the
first two Harry Potter movies who kept getting asked if he was hired as
a look-alike for Harry Potter. He hated it. But that is not to say that
he didn't like the movies, or at least the ones I know he watched.Anyway, I loved these movies. I liked how we got to watch the
characters grow. I mean why not, there were 8 movies covering 7 years
of growth. We got to see the three main characters go from awkward
pre-teens to very talented and strong adults.In Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone we meet all the characters.
Well, the most important characters for the whole series and many
others that played big part throughout. We meet other important
characters in later movies that play important parts.The graphics are great. I especially like when some of the different
characters are shown flying broom sticks. I thought that having Hagrid
driving a flying motorcycle with a sidecar was a nice touch. Speaking
of Hagrid, I liked how the Special Effects Department made a 6'1"
actor, Robbie Coltrane look 8'6".My favorite scenes may not be what you think they should be. I like the
big scenes, but my favorite scenes are not the big scenes.The first scene I liked was when Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) and
the Dursleys go to the zoo. Harry's cousin, Dudley (Harry Melling), is
celebrating his birthday. Harry, Dudley, Uncle Vernon (Richard
Griffiths) and Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw) are in the reptile house at
the zoo. They are looking at a Burmese Python and Dudley wants it to
move. Uncle Vernon knocks on the glass to try to get it to move, Harry
yells that its asleep. After the others leave, Harry begins talking to
the snake... and it understands him. Dudley turns around and sees that
the snake is moving. He runs over and pushes Harry out of the way. In
anger, Harry makes the glass disappear and Dudley falls in. The python
escapes, but Dudley is stuck inside the python's exhibit. Serves him
right!The next scene I liked was the scene of the first Quiddich Match Harry
was ever in. I won't describe the scene in detail, but I will tell you
that it is amazing to watch. The best part is when Harry catches the
Golden Snitch to win the match. He does so by catching it in his mouth.The third scene I like is chess game Harry, Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint)
and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) play in order to stop Professor
Snape (Alan Rickman) from getting the Sorcerer's Stone. It's a giant
chess game in which the three young wizards have to play as pieces.
There is a scene earlier in the movie when we see Harry and Ron playing
Wizard Chess and this is exactly like that only bigger.Of course I am going to give Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone 10
stars out of 10. I liked everything about this movie.
			
Wow, what a movie! I watched this film several times in the last years
and can't get enough of it. For me personally this is best book and the
best movie of Joanne K. Rowling's "Harry Potter".The reason why I like it so much is that Harry just doesn't know
anything about the magical word, he doesn't even know that it exists.
Then he finds it out and with that explores the whole new world, like
Diagon Alley, Hogwarts Castle of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and also
these little things like Quidditch and words like "Muggle". To be part
of this journey that Harry experiences is just a wonderful feeling. Of
course this is also the case in the later stories, for example the
Ministry of Magic and that there are also other wizard schools, but not
that often and in this particular way.So, that's the reason why I also love the book, but the big thing why I
think that "The Philosopher's Stone" and "The Chamber of Secrets" are
perhaps the best Potter's is because Chris Columbus, the director, made
an amazing job of creating this world in reality. He put all important
moments of the books in and didn't come up with other scenes which
didn't even happen - like the last director David Yates sadly did.
Columbus was really able to convert the magical world around Harry from
a novel to the screen.Overall this is one of my favorite movies of all time, maybe even the
best. The story is fantastic, the acting is great and everything is
perfectly taken over from book to film. Just amazing, 10 stars out of
10 from my perspective!
			
I've never been the kind of person that buys into hype and to be
honest, I hate most big budget films, So until this weekend, I've
avoided everything Harry Potter. That being said, I have never met
anyone who had anything bad to say about the Potter films, so I finally
decided to give it a shot, and boy was I surprised! For those select
few who don't know the story, Harry Potter is the son of two legendary
wizards, who was hidden with distant relatives, in order to protect
him. Until his eleventh birthday, he had no idea that he was famous or
had the potential to be the most power wizard the world has ever known.
Potter is invited to join the Hogwarts school of wizardry and that is
when the adventure begins. British Actor, Daniel Radcliffe, plays
Potter and is nothing short of spectacular. Before the Potter films,
Radcliffe had very limited acting experience and many say, he got the
part, because of his resemblance to Harry Potter on the cover of the
book. That may be how he got the part, but he defiantly shows he has
the talent to go along with the right look. His performance was
terrific, but there is something to be said about having the right
Director, and Christopher Columbus was the perfect choice. Columbus has
a ton of experience working with young newcomers in films with high
expectations. Overall, the story is extremely well written, the young
cast was refreshing and full of energy, the direction was stellar, and
the set, costumes, and effects were some of the best I've ever seen.
I'm not going to go run out and join a quitage team, but I am going to
see the rest of the series. Harry Potter is a huge budget franchise,
but for once, a blockbuster film does live up to the hype, and earns
the title of a must see movie!
			
I really enjoy both of Christopher Columbus' films in the Harry Potter
series (he also directed "The Chamber of Secrets"). The first two films
of the Harry Potter series are definitely the two that manage to catch
every aspect of the magic that was involved in the Harry Potter series.
This is an amazing start to a great series of films.To begin with, the cast is delightful. The very young children playing
the roles of the students are fantastic, just as you would expect them
to be. The child actor's in this series are definitely some of the best
of this era. It truly is the cast of British actors in the adult roles
that create a new world of wonder and magic. Richard Harris captures
every single moment of Albus Dumbledore's charm and wisdom. Maggie
Smith was amazing in her role of Minerva McGonagall, showing audiences
the firm, yet caring teacher. Alan Rickman is absolutely amazing in his
role of the greasy, cold-hearted Potions teacher Severus Snape. Robbie
Coltrane has some great moments as the half-giant Hagrid.If you've read the books, Hogwarts will come to life just as you always
had imagined it. Hogwarts is done beautifully, accompanied by a score
by John Williams. The magical world is created very quickly before your
eyes.This is truly an amazing film that captures every detail of the magic
that J.K. Rowling initially put into her novels, and can stand on it's
own as a great movie, reminding every viewer to always enjoy life with
a little bit of magic.
			
Here's an event movie that holds up to being an event. This filmed
version of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, adapted from the
wildly popular book by J.K. Rowling, stunningly brings to life Harry
Potter's world of Hogwarts, the school for young witches and wizards.
The film is the first installment in the Harry Potter film series,
written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman. It features
Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, with Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as
Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Richard Harris,
Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, John Cleese, and Fiona Shaw co-star to play
key supporting roles.It was directed by Chris Columbus. The story follows Harry Potter's first year at Hogwarts as he discovers
that he is a famous wizard and begins his magical education. Upon his
11th birthday, Harry Potter, who lives in misery with an aunt and uncle
that don't want him, learns from a giant named Hagrid that he is the
orphaned son of powerful wizards. Harry is offered a place at
prestigious Hogwarts, a boarding school for wizards that exists in a
realm of magic and fantasy outside the dreary existence of normal
humans or "Muggles." At Hogwarts, Harry quickly makes new friends and
begins piecing together the mystery of his parents' deaths, which
appear not to have been accidental after all. Being so faithful to the book is both the movie's strength and
weakness. The movie unfolds exactly as written in the book, so there is
little room for surprises or discoveries.The greatest strength of the
film comes from its faithfulness to the novel, and this new cinematic
world is filled with all the details of Rowling's imagination, thanks
to exuberant sets, elaborate costumes, clever makeup and visual
effects, and a crme de la crme cast.A combination of computer
graphics, detailed sets, and real-life locations gives the film the
authenticity its fans expect.The second-half adventure doesn't
translate perfectly from page to screen, ultimately because of the
film's fidelity to the novel.This is a case of making a movie for the
book's fans, as opposed to a transcending film. Writer Steve Kloves and
director Chris Columbus keep the spooks in check, making this a true
family film, and with its resourceful hero wide-eyed and ready, one
can't wait for Harry's return.But nevertheless,it still manages to be a
complete triumph for it is a near-perfect commercial and cultural
commodity.
			
The first Potter movie is great.No magical.They're all magical.This is
the worst of the Potter movies but that's not saying anything
considering they're the best movies EVER!!!And plus you can't watch the
Harry Potter movies without watching them in order.You HAVE to watch
these movies if you don't you don't know what films are.They're
spectacular in every way.Visually stunning.Special effect are
great,musics perfect,actors are
perfect,these.Are.The.Best.Movies.Ever.You have to see them the whole
family could enjoy these films kids,young adults,adults,the
elderly,everyone.Weather they're 1 or 100 they'll love
this.Watch.These.Movies.They're.The.Best.Movies.Ever!!!!
			
It's the best movie of the best book. It has everything: a original story, an incredible cast, a talented
production. It's a really breath of air, compared to today blockbuster
where CGI is indigent and to later Potter movies (the Yates period)
where everything turns darks. Watching those first steps makes me understand two things: First, when a movie involves kid, their credibility lies upon the
creativity of the director. Indeed, Columbus was the finest choice for
the job after what he has done in "Home alone". Here, he gives his
young cast the perfect suggestions. I believed a lot of people find the
movie too much eye-candy but it's what the book is about: stepping into
a new universe filled with magical things and with kids. So, the
crucial thing was to have this feeling of amazement.Next, Potter is the best piece of fantasy since "Star Wars". I really
don't see others fiction works that can make dream kids and adult as
well in the 1990 and 2000. The only regret we can get is that the first
stories are really educational for kids whereas the last stories,
starting with HPATOFP, are too much about violence, death, war and
killings. I really can't accept the high dose of violence the young
generation is exposed today because life is above all about fighting
inner demons than bad people! How can they discover what courage means
when the only solution they see is to punch, kick, kill the one who are
against them. our actual societies are becoming like Sparta and thus,
in those earlier movies of Potter and in this one, particularly, there
was at least still place for innocence.
			
After having read the Harry Potter novels quite a long time, I was
eager to watch the first film. The book was brilliant, and this film
was as good, or if not better than the novel. The actors did a great
job, even the young trio proved themselves worthwhile. The special
effects were brilliant and Chris Colombus easily proved to us that he
was the perfect director for the Harry Potter series.The storyline was very similar to that of the book, unlike later films.
This film didn't necessarily include unnecessary scenes that were
simply added for special effects. This is a perfect film, from start to
finish and it proves exactly what the Harry Potter films are capable
of. The trio were adorable, and this film is a must see. 10/10, well
done Chris Colombus.
			
Now, when I first saw this movie, I didn't read the book despite the
pushing and prodding of my fellow peers. But, I really enjoyed this
movie. So much so,that I actually read the book. Anyways, the things I
enjoyed the most in this movie was how despite how bookish it looked I
could still feel the feelings that the characters or actors were
feelings. Another thing was,as all kids do, was the dialogue. I will
always have the phrases "pertificus totalus", " Now if I could remember
what I have forgotten", and "how can you be nearly headless" engraved
in my own mind forever. I also enjoyed parts like with Professor
Quirrell and meeting Harry or the ending with Voldemort. There was a
huge intensity that could not be denied. I also loved Sorting Hat and
Norbert, the baby dragon. The Sorting Hat was awesome with the deep and
knowledgeable voice. And I have always had a deep tenderness for any
reptile. Anyways, All I can says this was an magical triumph for Chris
Columbus and J.K. Columbus. And thank you to the both from me for the
best book made into a movie film I've ever seen.
			
The first installment of the hit Harry Potter series, "The Sorcerer's
Stone", became the movie where Harry Potter became a household name,
and has started a worldwide phenomenon. Well, all I have to say is that
"The Sorcerer's Stone" was actually one of the best movies I have ever
seen. The movie was a perfect adaptation of this famous, and classic
book, and every single member of the cast was brilliant in every way,
and they are really impressing characters. It's also an excellent movie
with one of the most excellent visual effects, that made the movie look
like magic really does exist. And it has an interesting storyline,
provided with excellent music. Well, I think this movie, and other
films in the series, are actually films to die for. These movies are
visual and charming, and they never stop to entertain, and the very
first chapter is one of my personal favorites, and never disappoints.
Since being a old childhood favorite, I can watch this movie over and
over again, and I'm still amazed at how I'm transported from the real
world to this magical wizarding world. I think if you never saw these
movies before, then you are a failure at life. Go check it out! "Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone", in my review, "visually charming, and
always a pleasure to enjoy watching".
			
This film is what got into Harry Potter. After I had seen Harry Potter
and the Philosopher's Stone, I had read the original novel and the rest
of the series. I know that is a bit unorthodox, but that's me.As some of you know, Harry was an 11-year old, who had lived with his
mean aunt and uncle and bratty cousin. He had no idea of what had
happened to his parents. The Dursleys had always told him they had died
in a car crash. Yes, it was a miserable life of Harry; until he had
received a letter that will be attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry. He also found that he is wizard, and that his mom and dad
were killed by Voldemort, an evil wizard so evil that every witch and
wizard is afraid to speak his name. But Voldemort had failed to kill
little Harry, so he had left a lightning-shaped scar on his forehand.
Thus Harry became "The Boy Who Lived." So Harry is taken to Hogwarts,
and there he meets the half-giant Rubeus Hagrid; fellow classmates
Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger. I know I would say this, but that
is all I will tell you about the film, folks, you will have to see the
film for yourself how it ends. As I said many times, I don't have any
particular scene I like, because I love "The Philosopher's Stone" from
beginning to end. You know, I would have to agree with Minerva
McGonagall: is it wise to leave Harry with those...people?!
			
This, even though it was released just 10 years ago, is a classic. I
watched this movie so much when I was six I can probably recite the
whole movie from memory, but I don't want to waste 2 hours of my life
doing that. I've owned this movie on DVD, HDDVD, Blu-Ray, Blu-Ray
Deluxe Edition and regular Blu-Ray edition. Today it still is one of my
favorites. This and the fifth movie, I think, are the best in the
series. I recommend this to anyone who hasn't seen it, even the
Christian groups who fear it has satanic messages. Who knows? They
might actually like it. This is also the movie that got me into reading
the book series (I read the first three books at age six). I also
accredit the books for bringing me my high reading level.
			
I remember seeing this movie when I was 9 years old. I've read the book
one year earlier and I continue reading it on, and on, and on... Just
couldn't stop! And then I saw that movie about Harry was coming out and
I just have to see it! I went with my entire class and our teacher! I
was so excited and kept telling everybody what will happen and stuff,
until someone told me to 'shut up, cause you're annoying!'. And I was!
After I saw the movie (although I didn't understand what movie was at
that time) I was pleased! Very pleased, indeed! I love that Chris
Columbus was faithful to the book and J. K. Rowling's words. That world
is so perfectly imagined and created that doing otherwise (and not
respecting the story, like they planned to) would be just a huge
disappointment to every child's dream! I know that Chris Columbus and
the staff didn't spoil MY child dream! I'm most grateful for that and I
just wish that Chris directed the other movies, not just 'Philosopher's
Stone' and 'Chamber of Secrets'! The Chris's Harry Potter movies are
the best!
			
As a 12 year old, I've grown up basically with my life around Harry
Potter. I've seen ever one, each very different but very good, this one
is no exception.I've read all of the books over 5 times each, but unlike most, decided
to watch the movies first. So when I first saw this movie, it was
spectacular, I was 3, but I still know my mum said it was my favourite
film. It was only when I had read the book and decided to watch it again,
that I noticed that it lacked a lot from the book, mostly the funny
comments from Fred and George, and also Dumbledore's very funny
madness. It missed out the most of the beginning of the book, which I
would've liked to see, as in the: Uncle Vernon noticing odd looking
people in cloaks, Harry being hugged by a cloak- wearer while shopping,
and Uncle Vernon being told how "You-Know-Who is now gone, even muggles
shall celebrate this day".I chuckled a lot while reading the book, and it had been so long since
I'd seen the film I thought I'd revisit it. However, it turned out that
the moments I chuckled at in the book weren't there in the film.
Especially Fred & George, my main reason for laughing.But yes the film was spectacular, though very different from the new
films of it's series, which, if I'm not mistaken, have different
directors on them. I do, however, think that this director, went a little bit too far in
trying to make it seem like his previous child films, in that the
children, though the heroes in the end, have occasional "child"
moments, which can be described as their "stupid" moments... e.g- their
late reaction to Fluffy.Overall the film is a great film, but indeed not the best of it's
series, which for me personally, has to be the Goblet of Fire.All round, it is a good film, though.
			
Okay, the first time I saw this film was in the theatre, and I hadn't
read the book or anything. I fell asleep during the forest scenes,
mostly because I was really tired.I write this review, now, almost eight years later and uncountable
readings of all seven books under my belt. When I watch this film now,
what strikes me most is the age of the actors: they are SO young! But
in terms of the film, no one could have done a better job introducing
audiences to Harry Potter's world. You don't need to read the book to
know what's going on in the film; the exposition fairies are excellent
throughout, and the wonderment of the Wizard world is clear for all of
us.Characters are established, settings are imprinted in the minds of
viewers, and the over-arching plot of the seven books gets off to a
great start in this film.It's a little long, in an interesting paradox/twist: the first books
were shorter and were extrapolated for longer films, while the later
books were longer and chopped for their film versions.
			
Review...Title : Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone (2001) Genre : Adventure
Directed : Chris Columbus Cast : Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma
Watson....- Review....This Movie is very fantastic, with good CG.The cast acting ability is wonderful and they did a good job.I'm an adult, but Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Ston is return to
child's mind.The supporting player's acting ability is very.. very.. good.Above all cast the head of schools is Richard Harris.He was the most talented actor above all...He die of Hodgkin's Disease,many people felt deep sadness when he
died...The hero is Harry Potter who entered Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry.Thereafter he got a sorcerer's stone..He was in touch with the sorcerer's stone....and fought Voldemort...
and with his best friend...................All the cast have great acting ability.I thought it was really fantastic.After several more affairs, Potter faces Voldmort the final enemy and
king.Harry needs to conquer him or the destruction of world is near.Because this movie is full of interesting adventures and power, I lost
myself in the movie.I urge you to see it.
			
I enjoyed this movie. The movie is brave and fantasy story. I love
Harry Potter very much. But I like Ron and Hermione too. Harry is
brave, Ron is funny, Hermione is intelligent. This movie is wonderful
and brilliant!! It is pure movie magic. But I prefer the book. This
movie is something good for children and adult to watch. I watched
movie all Harry Potter series. But I think so first series was
interesting!! I rate this a good 9 out of 10. I especially liked the
last scene where Harry fights against his enemy. The visuals of the
scene was spectacular. I will always remember this scene. Watch on
large screen.
			
There are well over 1,100 comments preceding thus one. Everything from
praise to condemnation has already been voiced. So why another comment?
Why not? The film isn't faithful to the text of the book, though it's
fairly faithful to the spirit behind the book. As the opening of the
Harry Potter saga, a lot of the film, as with the book, is introducing
newcomers to the world of the young wizard. Meeting the characters --
Harrym Hagridm Ron, Hermione, and the like -- is important, and in the
film, they're fairly well established. The whole magical world of
Wizardkind is introduced, but shortcuts had to be made.Harry's flying sequences had to be trimmed, though his elation at being
a natural flayers, and some of his Quidditch practice were excised,
more's the pity. Likewise, Harry becoming Seeker was a secret in the
book, but the talk of the school in the film.The fundamentals remain. The film is not the book, but it's close
enough so that someone who's not roast the books first could be charmed
by the film into starting to read them.
			
The amount of time that I can get on my hands to read books is very
less and hence it was always my last choice to read a Harry Potter book
considering that it is meant for the children. No amount of hype about
the Harry Potter book could ever drive me to read the book. I always
would resort to alternate reading. And then one fine day, I saw this
computer game of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. I enjoyed
playing it and it was through the game I came to know the story of
Harry Potter. I felt that it was so brilliantly done. I began to wonder
whether it was the creativity of the game designers that created this
world or was it the sheer genius of the author to make us imagine such
a world. I decided to find out and finally read the book. And it was
then I realized that Rowling had indeed created a whole new world for
us and so fresh it was.Finally came the movie for me. I decided that I wanted to see the
movie. And I was delighted watching this movie. The whole new world
this movie exposes to is so filled with delight and cheer. The child
cast is amazing. Each one convinces us that he or she fits the shoes of
the character they are playing. At no point of time, one gets the
feeling that "Oh, this is not how Rowling described it!" The movie and
all the characters have been created with wonderful precision staying
as faithful as possible to original descriptions penned down in the
book. The computer animations and special effects are simply amazing. It is
hard to imagine that so much of CGI is involved in the movie. It is so
wonderfully done that one might wonder if such a world does exist and
all the movie makers had to do was to use the camera to capture it. The
movie makers have spared no effort in creating the world of Harry
Potter. Every single scene is so well thought out. This movie deserves
all the praise it has got. The book and the movie is no doubt targeted at the children but I am
sure that even the adults are going to love this movie. Somewhere deep
inside all of us there is a child who wants magic with whose aid we may
forget the perils of the world in which we live and escape into a dream
of fantasies. This movie provides us just that. The world in this movie
is so alive, so cheerful and so delightful. This is one of most amazing
and fresh movies in years. A must watch for all movie goers independent
of whether you have read the book or not. Truly amazing!
			
I've watched this movie a long time ago and I must say, it simply took
my breath away. I've read the book and it was as terrific as the movie,
it was quite similar to it but it skipped a few bits out such as the
"The Midnight Duel" and the beginning. But I understand they wanted to
make the movie shorter and enjoyable and I certainly have no problem
with that. I thought the plot was excellent and it fits in with the
book (it's a good thing that they didn't skip a chunk of bits out from
the book and made the plot very different from the book - who wants
that?) and I must say all the characters from the book was the perfect
choice for all the characters in the movie, such as Dumbledore, he
looked exactly like the person in the back cover, which of course was
Dumbledore. So all the choices for the characters were all incredibly
realistic and makes the audience picture them in the book. The
performances from the wonderful cast were out-of-this-world! All of
them played their role very well and realistically, including Daniel
Radcliffe (Harry Potter), and I believe it was his best movie yet! And
the special effects used in the movie was, again, incredible! They were
used at the right time, in the right place and they looked absolutely
tremendous, in other words, REALISTIC! The castle looked incredibly
amazing and all of the other settings/costumes etc. were one in a
million. The beginning was good, but in my opinion, there should be a
story-teller telling the people who haven't read the book what happened
in the very beginning of it (introducing the Dursleys, what they do,
something strange going on in town and even how Harry's parents died)
so that could be an improvement, rather than just cutting to the action
at once which makes the people who are not familiar with the book
unsure. But they did some fantastic work after that, introducing Harry
and how his miserable his life is with the Dursleys and it was very
clever what happened in the zoo, making the snake talk to Harry, which
that sort of unfolds the secret of him being a wizard so that was great
as well. The Letters From Hogwarts were very clever too, but Harry's
uncle kept on ripping them up, which makes the audience know that
something weird is going on and I must say when the letters flooded the
house, I was laughing my head off! And finally Hagrid came to the
rescue right on Harry's 11th Birthday! Which makes the audience have a
mixture of feelings, scared/wondering who it is at the start and
relived that all the secrets his aunt and uncle kept from him is being
told, including Harry's a wizard! At the pub everyones staring at Harry
and shaking his hand, it makes you feel that you want to be be him too!
And that an ordinary boy actually turned out to be a wizard and not get
defeated by the the great wizard "Voldemort" (a dark wizard who killed
Harry's parents but not managed to kill Harry) and also the name was
very clever! When Harry met Professor Quirell, we got a completely
different thought of him! He is a good guy, who is quite shy and
stammers, but secretly he's a villain! Diagon Alley was amazing too,
one of the greatest setting from the movie, which gives the thought of
it's a place, where of course wizards go to but actually it's a normal
alley, full of shops and people! And all the stuff in the shops, makes
you want to have it such as owls and the Nimbus 2000! Gringotts was
brilliant too, full of goblins doing work and while getting Harry's
money, a secret jumps out, something is hidden in a vault but what
could it be? Which makes the audience desperate to know the answer and
they want to watch more and more, so that is a great way to keep them
entertained. Discovering his wand was great, two wands that won't
connect to Harry, but strange wand did! Amazing! The Journey To
Hogwarts introduces more characters such as, Ron and Hermonie, and that
is when their friendship is formed. Hogwarts Castle was remarkable, the
makers tried so hard to make a real castle and they eventually did!
Then we meet all the other characters and some are Harry enemies such
as, Drace and Snape and then we find out Harry has been placed at
Gryfindoor House, with all his other friends, so that is a great start
to the year! And then we come to the mystery of the stone, which is
truly captivating and grabs the audience and that is where the
adventure begins and Harry faces new challenges such as Qudditch,
fighting with a huge mountain troll and solving the mystery of the
stone! So I strongly recommend you rent this movie on DVD/Video turn
off the lights, grab the popcorn and get ready for two hours of pure
fun and excitement! If you loved the book, you will love this!RATING : 10/10
			
This movie is one of the very interesting and great movie I have ever
seen. This story is in a magic school, but we can sympathize their
school life, for example classes, friends and love. I think this fact
is one of the reason why Harry Potter is liked by all over the world.And I also like the cast. The main Cast- Harry,Ron,Hermione- plays very
good and they are so cute at that time (maybe in 2001?). Now they grow
up handsome men and beautiful woman. To compare the first movies Harry
Ron and Hermione with the latest Harry Potter series might be one of
the way to enjoy this movie.Harry, Ron and Hermione talk the first time in a train is my favorite
scene. If you have a chance to watch it, please check this scene.
			
My Take: It's every bit a new pop-culture classic. An astounding,
magical adventure. Unless you've been living under a rock all your life, you'll know that
J.K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" book series is the biggest thing in the
fantasy genre since George Lucas dominated it with STAR WARS. I myself
have taken fancy of it, and since I'm a teenager and a big fan of the
world Rowling has created, I deeply understand the hype behind it all.
The series is very creative with its neat ideas and unique
storytelling. The movies, since they were immensely faithful to their
source, are just as creative. The series reminded me of the worlds in
STAR WARS, since this one takes us away from the bounds of an expensive
big-screen movie and transports us to a world unlike reality.I haven't fully read the first novel THE SORCERER'S STONE, which also
became the first of many more adaptations of Rowling's other novels. I
only read one so far, and it was THE PRISONER OF AZKABAN, which would
also later be adapted to the screen, and also my favorite of the bunch
so far. Even if you haven't read the novel, the movie is a dazzling
array of magical images and stylish storytelling. The surprises and
twists aren't all that special, but what is special is what's
important. This big-screen adaptation is filled with the best kind of
special effects George Lucas' ILM effects house has to offer. It's an
eye-feast of spellbinding proportions.I really don't need to dictate what the film is about. If you've been
living under a rock and you don't know what it's about, I suggest you
just read the book instead. Its deliverance from the book to the movie
is not much different. But that's all right, the acting and production
values are par excellence. The acting by a veteran cast are terrific,
but its the younger cast players that dazzle more. The acting skills of
a then-young Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson (who have
then grown into the roles) are terrific, with Watson being the best
(her Ms. Know-it-all impression is a stand-out). Supporting
performances are provided by a line of "who's who" like Richard Harris,
Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman and a few others including a host of top
British talents that would soon be a staple in the series along with
its special effects and astounding sets.I don't have to say this, but here it goes, HARRY POTTER & THE
SORCERER'S STONE is magical. Rating: ***** out of 5.
			
I saw this movie first before reading the books and walked away very
impressed. The sheer imagination that came with this movie amazed me
the story is wonderfully written a kids movie that does not dumb itself
down to it's audience. Daniel Radcliffe's acting is a little stiff a
little wooden but not overly all considering the fact that he was not a
acting expert when he started he manages to do very well. Richard
Harris THE man who was born to be Dumbledore I can't imagine anyone
else in this role even his eventual replacement in the prisoner of
azkaban does not measure up to him. And Robbie Coltrane the heart of
the series his Hagrid is a joy to watch as is Emma Watson who is
outstanding as Herimone Granger. This movie is a treat and deserves to
be watched again and again and in years to come I'm sure it'll be
labeled a Classic.
			
Warner Brother's depiction of Harry potter and the Sorcerer's stone
passes the test! As anticipation built up for its debut in theatres,
J.K Rowling's brilliant series was about to be loved by more than just
its loyal readers. Now, everything entertaining and enjoyable about
Harry Potter is accessible to viewers too. Eager fans and intrigued new
ones all flooded movie theatres to get in on the new buzz! There were
several scenes from the original book left out, but I wouldn't hold
that against the producers as it probably conflicted with time issues.
Either way, I thought the movie was a nice visual tribute to the book,
despite the forever-present argument that movies don't do books must
justice. After all, the fact that every kid in America knows who Harry
Potter is is a true testament to its success. One thing in particular
that I was highly fond of was the legitimacy of the characters
emotions. For how fairy-tale like the story is, the movie did a really
good job at avoiding cheesy lines accompanied by bad acting. In fact,
the acting was so good I could make a real connection to the
character's feelings. This movie is definitely worth seeing, 10 out of
10.
			
i absolutely love harry potter movies and books i am an absolute fan of
it i have got all of the books and I've read them and they are awesome
i have got posters of it all over my room. when they make a spoof of it
in epic move i thought it was dumb.i sometimes think i should have been
harry potter because i read most of the books before Daniel Radcliffe
did and i think that Rupert grint is ungrateful to be in any of the
movies i went to harry potter and the order of the Phoenix the day it
got in cinemas. if i lived in england i would have tried out for the
movie. i thought the end of harry potter and the sorcerers stone was
sad at the end
			
This movie was so great, it was one of the few movies entirely faithful
to the book. The effects were OK, but only to be surpassed by the other
Harry Potters. Great actors to play the trio, teachers and Dursleys. Highly
recommended to be seen. At the end, the chess battle was amazing. When
Quirrel was revealed to be Voldemort, I got shivers! Emma Watson was
very a good choice. Robbie Coltrane was a PERFECT Hagrid. The flashback
to when You-Know-Who killed Lily and James, I was shocked. A great way
start of this franchise! Highly believable was the magic coming out of
the wands; as well as the effects. Though, the one thing greatly missed
was Snape's protection of the Stone.
			
i love Dan! in this movie, he is everything that harry is supposed to
be, young, brave, talented, and most of all pure of heart, how can u
resist? and even after fighting "He-Who-Should-Not-Be-Named he remains
true of heart. good luck in the forth coming movies Dan, Rupert, and
Emma. i hope to see you stay as perfect actors as you are today. i hope
to see you in more movies/plays. I truly believe that all of the actors
do an amazing job considering that in this first movie they are only
around eleven years of age. i wish them well. i personally cannot wait
to see Harry Potter and the Order of the Phenoix. Every year i go to
the midnight premier (this being no different), and I am ready for
everything the griffandor three have in store!
			
I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter books,I have been reading it since
the first book was first released,and ever since I read it I loved
Harry Potter.When I first heard about the film adaptation of the first
book I was a little scared,but I must say it surpassed my expectations.The story of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone begins when the
title character,Harry(Daniel Radcliffe),is left on the steps of his
aunt and uncle's house as a baby after his parents were brutally
murdered by the dark wizard Voldermort.We rejoin with Harry 10 years
later to find him mistreated by his aunt and uncle who love their own
son and despise Harry.Suddenly these weird events keep on happening and
they all seem to be related to Harry.When on the day of his 11th
birthday a half-giant named Hagrid takes Harry away from his aunt and
uncle and Harry's told he is a wizard and that he is enrolled to go to
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.Once at school Harry makes
friends,plays a sport on a broomstick,goes on an adventure that could
save all wizard kind,and discovers home.I must say this was one of the best film's I've seen in a while.With
some of the most amazing cinematography,special effects,and production
design I've seen in years and it definitely creates this magical
atmosphere.The directing by Chris Columbus helps sell you this magical
world,and in my opinion will go down in movie history as his greatest
work.As usual John Williams has delivered an amazing score that just
helps sell the magical feel of the film even more.Though what makes
this film a true classic is the amazing acting everywhere from the
young children in the cast to the experienced veterans like Richard
Harris,Maggie Smith,and Alan Rickman,the cast is top notch and is
picture perfect,each respective character looks as if they stepped out
of the book.All in all this is an amazing film that does the book equal
justice.This is pure movie magic at its finest.I strongly suggest you
give this film a chance.This film has a lot of heart and emotion and
also delivers an amazing message.A picture perfect: 10/10!!!!
			
I am a big fan of Harry Potter and when I went to see this in theaters
I am pretty sure I loved it. I know I did but I never knew why I went.
I went with family.The magic, the characters, the memories. But I hardly watch because I
always end up watching the later installments but I remember at a time
I constantly watched this one. The plot was great and the actors did
great jobs in their roles.There is only one thing I wasn't satisfied about this movie. I wish
peeves was in it. It would've been a great add on to the other amusing
moments in the movie. But overall the movie is perfect and a great
family movie.
			
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone/2001/****Main Stars: Daniel Radcliffe Emma Watson Rupert GrintOkay, so this is the starting film, the very first film of the
seven-part series of HARRY POTTER! What a wonderful, charming, and
imaginative book and movie! I was extremely entertained with the book
after I saw the movie. I was only in third grade when the movie came
out so I was not the best at reading nor the most convinced of reading.
I have read all of the books and I say I am very impressed with all of
them; however, I also am safe to say some were better than others. I'm
totally interested in the whole series and many readers can't wait
until the seventh book of the seven-part series comes out and neither
can I Well I can wait because I have other books to read but I will,
when the seventh book comes out, start reading immediately because the
sixth book actually leads into the seventh which makes you hang on for
a long time. But before the seventh book and movie and the prequels
before that happen, the world lay at the mercy of the young 11 year old
Harry Potter having to face the mystery of the Sorcerer's Stone in his
first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He becomes
Hogwarts's newest celebrity on the very first day when everyone
whispers in gob smacked voices, "Harry Potter!" Harry Potter, as
clueless as he is since he lives with the foul, evil Muggle Dursleys',
doesn't know he's a wizard until the keeper of the keys, Hagrid, tells
him. And the most expected scene would be Harry getting his letter
which is inviting him to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry and to become a very complex wizard in his seven years of
learning; progressing toward the end until finally BEcoming one of the
best, smartest, cleverest wizards to ever live. Ever since Lord
Voldemort gave Harry Potter that scar on his forehead Harry has become
famous throughout the wizard world. In the Muggle world, however,
everyone could careless about him as though he's some regular
pedestrian on the sidewalk with a normal and dull life. Yet in the
wizard world everyone shouts enthusiastically, "HARRY POTTER! WE MEET
AT LAST! YOU LOOK JUST LIKE YOUR PARENTS DID. YOU LOOK JUST LIKE YOUR
FATHER BUT YOU HAVE YOUR MOTHER'S EYES! YOU LOOK JUST LIKE I DREAMED
YOU WOULD!" Then they bow down to Harry like he's there ruler, their
lord and so on and so forth So this so-called Sorcerer's Stone is a
secret, very secret stone and it's all Hogwarts's business according to
Dumbledore and Hagrid. Yet later in the magnificent film, the stone
becomes Harry's, Ron's, and Hermione's quest to find the secret of it.
Nicolas Flamel has something to do with it and Nicolas is a friend of
Dumbledore and Dumbledore himself wouldn't dare give out valuable
information regarding the Sorcerer's Stone. What exactly is it? Oh come
on Lord Voldemort thinks it is power for him but obviously it's not.
It's a stone and a useless piece of junk (supposedly), which is then
later, destroyed. But what then makes this film so magnificent? The
original Quidditch matches of course and all the rest of the guts that
fill in the movie and it is all from J.K. Rowling's magnificent,
creative imagination. The story (the book) and the movie are both
equally entertaining because the movie follows the story of the book
very well. Then there's the very original character Lord Voldemort Wow
how awesome was the very last scene when Lord Voldemort escapes in a
very painful way from Professor Quirrel's weak body and how he turns to
dust/dirt at the very end! One thing is for sure, the movie itself and
book will become classics ten to fifteen years from now. They'll always
remain classics to me, now and forever. Movie directed by Chris
Columbus.
			
One of the greatest Potter movies!Right.It starts off after this lad
called Harry Potter,Daniel Radcliffe,parents are killed when he is just
a baby by a dark wizard called Voldemort,Richard Bremmer.But when
Voldemort tried to kill Harry,he couldn't and was wiped of all his
powers.So this old wizard called Albus Dumbledore,Richard Harris,takes
Harry to go live with his only living relatives,The Dursleys.The worst
type of 'muggles',non magic folk,according to Minerva Mcgonagall,Dame
Maggie Smith and Rubeus Hagrid,Robbie Coltrane.So after ten years of
living in the horrid care of his aunt and uncle,Uncle Vernon,Richard
Griffith,and Aunt Petunia,Fiona Shaw,Harry is submitted to Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizadry,but his aunt and uncle won't let him
go.Hagrid takes Harry from the Dursleys to Hogwarts where Harry meets
Ron Weasley,Rupert Grint,and Hermione Granger,Emma Watson,whom he
becomes friends with.He also have his enemies including the pure
blooded Slytherin Draco Malfoy,Tom Felton,the school's
greasy-haired,hooked nosed potion master,Severus Snape,Alan Rickman and
his the man who killed his parents,Lord Voldemort.But in his first year
at Hogwarts,Harry must stop Voldemort from finding the Philosphers
Stone or else he will return back to his body and become immortal.He
suspects Snape is helping Voldemort,but is he wrong?
			
I love this movie! Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson are
absolutely fantastic! The way they bring life into the character is
just thrilling! I request everyone who hasn't seen this movie should do
so right away! You will get chills from the way this fantasy is brought
to life! I remember when I went to go see it. I was with my mother and
my sisters. I laughed, I cried, I got scared! Every emotion you could
possibly ever think of is the way I felt during this movie. I loved the
part when Harry Buys all the candy on the Treat Cart for him and Ron.
The way Daniel Radcliffe brings Harry Potter to life is extraordinary!
Also the way Rupert and Emma bring Ronald Weasly and Hermione Granger
to life is undoubtedly spectacular! I highly recommend this fantastic
movie! And if you haven't read the books do so right away. They are
thrilling and take you to a magical place called Hogwarts School of
Witchcraft and Wizardry! Enjoy!
			
i first of all didn't want to see it as i didn't like the book. My mate
said come on come on you've gotta see it! Daniel is so hot in it so
come on you'll love him! so i went and i did enjoy the film. after she
sad wasn't he hot? i said no he wasn't. Draco Malfoy(Tom Felton) is a
different matter! ever since she took me to see the movie i watched it
3 more times at the cinema and then my sisters BF had the DVD and so i
watched that over and over and over again. hes now got the 3 disc box
set with 1, 2 and 3. 4th one out 2moz and i cant wait! i have to thank
my mate, Sam, for showing me this movie. if she didn't drag me to the
movies then i think about now ill be doing something else not connected
to harry potter at all! thanks mate xx
			
I didn't get to read the books or watch the movie until the second
harry potter movie came out. So I had a lot of catching up to do. The first movie is a great starter for the Harry Potter movie series.
It accurately displays the first book itself. I love how Alan Rickman
portrays Severus Snape. Severus Snape is my favorite character.
Slytherins rule! Professor Quirell stutters like crazy and Harry gets
to go face to face with Voldemort. I give this movie two thumbs up!
It's excellent for any age to watch and you get to experience the
turmoil in Harry's life as he learns his destiny at Hogwarts, School of
Witchcraft Wizardry. You'll love this movie.
			
For eleven long years, a young boy has been tortured by his aunt,
uncle, and cousin. But one day all that changed when he receives a
letter to the greatest place only to find out that he has a destiny
that no one could've guessed. After finally getting to Hogwarts, filled
with magic and mystery, Harry Potter befriends with Ron Weasley and
Hermione Granger, puts on a talking hat, casts spells and charms, gets
loathes by a Professer, and rides on a broomstick while playing a
sport. As the excitement goes on, there is danger around every corner.
Harry and friends determine to solve the mystery and learn the story of
his parents and really learn what happened eleven years ago and why he
had to live with his aunt and uncle. Sometimes in Hogwarts, learning
the truth can be deadly.
			
I loved this movie....nice acting, directing, music, nice everything.
It was great. And Chamber of Secrets and Prisoner of Azkaban are just
as good.I'm a Christian and I enjoy reading Harry Potter and watching the
movies! They're great books and great movies! They are not in any way
"satanic" or "evil"....they don't try to teach anyone
witchcraft!.....they're just pure fantasy books about good vrs. evil!
(Got that? good vrs. evil) Plus each book has a nice moral to it
anyway. Don't judge a book by it's cover! (literally) If you think they
are satanic or evil, try reading Sorcerer's Stone....you would be
surprised! :) Anyways, lol, SS is a great movie. Great books. 10/10
			
I just recently saw this movie when I saw a commercial for it that it
was going to be on TV, so I decided to rent it (since there are
commercials on the TV version of it). I am SO glad I did! "Harry Potter
and the Sorcerer's Stone" has to be one of the greatest movies I have
ever seen.The casting is just terrific. I am really glad that they cast an all
British cast, since the books are all taking place in the UK (or at
Hogwarts) ;). What I especially loved about the casting was that the
three main characters were all newcomers to the screen. Daniel
Radcliffe was BRILLIANT as Harry Potter. I cannot think of another
actor who could bring him to life. Rupert Grint was great as Ron. I
loved all of his expressions. :) And Emma Watson is great as Hermione
(spelling?).As for the professors, the late Richard Harris was an excellent choice
for Dumbledore. Maggie Smith seems as if she was meant for the part.
Alan Rickman was born to play Professor Snape...he was really scary at
times! His monotone voice was great. :) I now own all three movies on
DVD (I bought the Prisoner of Azkaban without seeing it first and
didn't regret it at all) and am so glad I did! So if you're a fan of
Harry Potter, rent or buy this movie!
			

The movie is really a nice introduction to the magical world of
"Hogwarts". The actors are really nice, especially Dan Radcliffe as
little Harry Potter and the film is similar to the book unlike other
fantasy movies, based on famous novels. The effects are good, not
stunning, but well made and the movie has some memorable scenes such as
the magic chess game. In conclusion, great beginning to a dare project. I watched it after I
have read the first book and liked it more than the novel, even if I am
an admirer of J. K. Rowling. But with this movie I saw the world of
Harry and the feeling was great. 10/10

			

At the time of this films relase it was rather fashionable to be synical
about the whole Potter phenomenom..'Its a load of crap for kids' was the
usual comment. I was similarly minded about Ms Rowlings creation UNTIL I
was
talked into going to see this film by the Mrs.
From the opening scene the film took me to what it was like to be a kid
again, watching the BBC fantasy series I used to love like 'the Box of
Delights' and 'the Children of Greene Knowe'. The whole thing gave me a
tremededous sense of wonder and excitement and was a PERFECT example of
how
kids film should be.
it also got me to read the books
			

This is a terrific movie.  Four comments.1. It's interesting going to Rotten Tomatoes.com and reading the critical
consensus, especially the ones who say, "Well, it's all right, but it's no
'Wizard of Oz'."  Since "The Wizard of Oz" got exactly the same mix of Good,
Bad and Eh reviews and went on to become a classic, I think we know what the
critics can do with their "Eh"s.2. The three kids are great, with my favoritism leaning toward Rupert Grint
(Ron); he had the best comic timing.  A bit of Harry's personality shading
was missing.  He looked noble a lot.3. Being an elderly (43) fan of the books (Rowling is a fabulous writer and
a hot redhead), I had an acid test ready for the film: would it make me
teary-eyed in the same place the book did?  (It has to do with Neville at
the very end, so I won't say what it is here.)  The movie
passed.4. Only regrets: not enough build-up for Malfoy as Harry's nemesis; it would
have been nice to see more of the adults, especially John Cleese; and they
REALLY need to stop showing the trailer for "E.T." with Drew Barrymore
before the film, since it just lends to speculation that in ten years the
currently adorable Emma Watson (Hermione) will be tattooed and flashing
David Letterman.Anyway, they did a really great job with this film.  For the most part, what
was cut from the book needed to be cut.  I'll be waiting in line for the
next one.
			

I am a Harry Potter fanboy.  There, I've said it.  =)  I've been looking
forward to this movie ever since I heard it was being made.  My
expectations
were nominally high, and I can safely say that they were all met.  With the
exception of some very corny lines and actions towards the end, Harry
Potter
and the Sorcerer's Stone was a flawless gem.  I loved every second of it,
even if You-Know-Who ended up reminding me of Darth Vader.  John Williams'
score only accentuated the effect, of course.  ^_~  Definitely a high
9/near
10 in my book.
			
How wonderful a movie it is!The author of the book is J.K.Rowling. She wrote seven books which The
Unite States Warner Brothers made into eight movies. Directed by Chris
Columbus, produced by Heyday Films the released dates was 2002-2011.
The total Running time is 1179 minutes. Great for all types of
audiences. Daniel Jacob Radcliffe, Rupert Alexander and Emma Charlotte were cast
for the films. The cast also includes Helena Bonham Carter, Kenneth
Charles, Miranda Richardson. The film has made over 90 million at the
box office. Most of the movies were set in U.K and some parts was set
in Scotland. The location is true.After reading the book, then you watch the movie, you will find the
movie is intriguing. If you want quick to know what happens in Harry
Potter, you can choose to watch the movie first. This is a magic movie.I watched this movie at least six times. It is my childhood memory,
It's worth the watch!
			
I'm a big fan of Harry Potter; the books AND the movies. I can easily
say that the first movie of the series is my favourite among all 8 HP
movies, and it's also one of the most successful adaptations among
films based on books. It must have been a huge challenge to reflect
J.K. Rowling's amazing world to the big screen, and equally challenging
to do so with three main characters who happen to be only kids at the
very start of their acting career. However, everything's done so
professionally that the magic in the book is transferred into a movie
which is interesting for almost any age group in my opinion. The glory
of the unique adventure of Harry Potter is nicely put in the screenplay
and every little detail from costumes to locations are blended into a
movie which is only the beginning of a legendary saga.
			
What a wonderful world J.K. Rowling has set up in the Harry Potter
series. I love the fact that the magical people inhabit the 'muggle'
world and have to be careful that they keep their world hidden from
non-magic people. I have never seen a film like this, especially on
this scale.I was impressed with the special effects, particularly the first time
Harry sees Diagon Alley. Other scenes that stand out is the great hall
with the candles and pumpkins floating in the air and creatures such as
the troll and three-headed dog.I like the fact that the film isn't overrun with American
actors/actresses and that most of the cast is British as it just seems
American films and actors have the monopoly over the world cinema so it
is refreshing to have the British cast as you can hear a lot of
different accents from Britain and I have fun trying to guess where the
accent comes from.
			
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is the perfect film adaptation of
the first Harry Potter book by J.K. Rowling. This extremely well-done
movie brings all of the great characters in Harry Potter to life --
Harry himself (played by Daniel Radcliffe), Hermione Granger (Emma
Watson), Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint), Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) and more,
as Harry learns that his mother was a witch and his father, a wizard.
He has his first adventures at Hogwarts, like learning how to fly a
broom, playing wizard's Chess for the first time, and in a twist of
fate, a battle with Professor Quirrell who, it turns out, has been
harboring You-Know-Who in his very body.
			
I really like this movie! Even though most of the events in this movie
could never happen in the real world, it is awesome. I think that this
really set a really good example for all of the other Harry Potter
movies. Ever since I saw this movie I have loved the Harry Potter
series, the movies and the books! I saw this almost right after it came
out on video and I am really happy I did. I think that they chose the
right people to play the people in the movie. The director made it a
lot like the book, and I really liked that about it! I definitely think
that if you haven't seen this movie, you should see it as soon as
possible!
			
I love the movie !! But the Book is better. And They picked the right
people to play the characters. Its amazing that I actually loved the
movie... cuz I was like there's no way this will be better then then
movie or even the stanards I held but I must say this movie is truly
good and I can't till this movies are all finished so I can have a
Harry Potter Marathon!!! Which will be an awesome day! No one else in
this world could play Harry, Ron, Draco, Snape, Hagrid and all the
other characters!!! My favorite characters are Ron and Draco! I'm glad
that Tom Felton and Rupert Grint played them. I've seen Tom in the
borrowers when I was much younger. But I've only seen it that one time.
			
I loved this movie! I think Harry Potter is going to be a great series.
I liked how the characters seemed real not only in the movie but in the
book as well and the whole thing with Snape and Quirl kinda got me more
into the series. I think I could really understand it because J.K.
Rowling really described the characters well. I would have to say I
can't choose a favorite character between Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, or
Hermione Granger. Harry is so adventures, exciting, and sweet, Ron is
very funny, sweet, and outgoing,and Hermione is smart, funny, and
sweet. I just think that they are all great. Overall i would give the
movie an off the chart reading.
			
I love this movie, it is excellent. Everything in it is, acting,
costumes, production, directing, script, photography, set decoration,
etc. Kudos to the cast, crew, and filmmakers. Two Thumbs Way Up! 10 out
of 10 golden stars. In this first installment, Harry Potter, an 11-year old boy learns that
he is a wizard when Rubius Hagrid, the great big giant comes to get
him. Then all the amazing things happen, such as, Diagon Alley,
Platform nine and three quarters, Hogwarts Express, Hogwarts, Chess
Game, Battle with Lord Voldermort. I love this movie.This is a great series, and will continued to be even more great as
time goes by.
			
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a wonderful adaptation of the
book by JK Rowling. Sorcerer's Stone is a film filled with the basics
and never delves too deep into the full world of Harry Potter. Much
like the book, the film does what it can to pull you INTO the world of
Harry Potter. The rest of the books (and their films) take you on a
wondrous ride THROUGH the world. This film is all about firsts: meeting
magical adults and kids alike for the first time, encountering magical
beasts for the first time, and facing magical peril for the first time.
None of this is to suggest, however, that Sorcerer's stone is at all
dull. These firsts and basics are enough to provide enjoyment over and
over again. The movie never gets old, the laughs never die out and the
magic never ceases. The kids are terrific and the adults are perfect,
from Dumbledore and Hagird, to Snape and McGonagall. The Dursleys are
terrifically awful, as they should be. Sorcerer's Stone is a great
start to a great series and it gets better.
			
When I first heard that there was going to be a film remake of the
Philosopher's Stone, I thought "Oh no, they're going to ruin it."
Because as so many people have said in the past to me, a film version
of a book is butchered. However, I went to see the film with high
hopes, and thankfully, I wasn't disappointed.Christopher Columbus has managed to capture Harry Potter the way I
don't think anyone else would've been able to. The casting was also
brilliant, and it's nice to know with hardworking actors like Daniel
Radcliffe and Emma Watson, the casting director wasn't wrong.Most of the storyline was able to be captured, which is good, because I
would have been disappointed if important facts were forgotten (As they
were in Prisoner of Azkaban, but that's another story.) All in all,
whether you've read the book or not, I recommend this film. It's a
brilliant piece of movie history.
			
I remember when this first came out and I was totally amazed. The piles
money put into this project were staggering; the excellent directing
was flawless and the skills of such a young cast were unbelievably so
professional. Before I continue, I did not read the books nor do I have
any desire to. I am not a Potter-head. I have heard the movies were
'just OK' compared to the books. OK  I can deal with that, but I had a
great time. If I enjoyed what I saw in the theater why would I destroy
something I thoroughly destroyed? The first time I saw, 'The Sorcerer's
Stone' I really enjoyed it. I did not write anything about it until I
sat down and watched again the other day. After seeing it the second
time I felt compelled to give this movie some kind of kudos. This is a
very stunning and charming journey through a fantasy world which
captured the entire world by storm. In my opinion this was the best of
all the other installments. Why? I guess it's because everything was so
new and the kidswell they were such cute little rascals. They were
just itty-bitty things and waving around their magic sticks. How cool
it that? I am not saying the early sequels were not bad they just
didn't measure up to the freshness of the original. I will also have to
say that the later oneswell the sell-by date had expired and the
storyline was beginning to stink of political correctness. It is too
bad the author's social views spilled into a perfectly good adventure
series. But that is the choice of the stories' creator. I guess fame
and money tends to unveil hubris and opinions. Maybe I am too hard on
the Potter Saga, so I will give the entire series a fresh look and
maybe I will adjust my thinking accordingly. As always, I go to a movie
for entertainmentnot to be preached to.
			
McKenna Hines Mr. Anderson English 2A 11/1/12Expelliarmus!Looking for a good movie? Or maybe 8? The Harry Potter books have all
been made into thrilling movies! Each book has been made into one
movie, except the seventh which has been filmed as two. The magical
Harry Potter film series are wonderful movies, because of their cast,
costumes, sets, and soundtracks, anyone who hasn't seen these movies
should.The first reason everyone should see these movies is, the cast is
simply amazing. The cast is a fantastic group of talented actors, who
over the course of the ten year filming process have developed even
more skills. The acting crew wasn't just picked out of a catalog, for
example, "Author J.K. Rowling insisted that the principal cast be
British and she got her wish." (Cast) It's important for the actors to
be a British majority because it gives the movies a closer image and
experience of what the books are like. If this beloved author had a
requirement for the making of the films, the product is bound to be
great! The Harry Potter cast is an extremely talented group of actors,
which causes that everyone should see these wonderful movies! The second reason everyone should see these movies, is the costumes
throughout the series add an authentic touch to each movie. The
filmmakers successfully incorporated a sense of commonality between the
characters and viewers of the movies. In an article titled "Harry
Potter and the Costume Designer," Lucy Snowe wrote, "...it is easy to
see why the producers chose an angle that encourages young audiences to
see more of themselves in the three heroes of the films." For example,
Hermione is often cast in just a plain sweater, a very common wardrobe
piece. Hermione is just one of the examples of a character's costume
relating to viewers. The sense of mutuality created by the costumes is
yet another reason the series should be seen by everyone. The third reason these movies should be seen by anyone who hasn't
already is the sets in this movie series create a scene deserving love.
Filmmakers were able to turn usual, normal sites into enchanted houses,
stores, classrooms, and much more. Gene Openshaw wrote in an article
titled, "Harry Potter Film Sites and Locations by Rick Steves,"
"Harry's story is set in a magical Britain, and all of the places
mentioned in the books, except London, are fictional, but you can visit
many real film locations. Many of the locations are closed to visitors,
though, or are an nonmagical disappointment in person, unless you're a
huge fan" (Openshaw). When visited later, the filmed locations aren't
nearly as exciting; the filmmakers were able to create magical scenes
in everyday places. The sets in this magical film series add onto the
reasons that everyone should see these films.Finally, movie watchers should see the films because of their amazing
soundtracks. "Hedwig's Theme Song" is the theme song used in all the
movies. A song analyzer wrote, "Obviously, this piece has a great deal
of chromatic movement for it to remain tonal" (Hedwig's). This song is
just one of the many instrumental pieces composed for the Harry Potter
series. The soundtracks in these movies create a sense of imagination
that any person should see! In conclusion, the Harry Potter movie series are great movies that
should be seen by anyone that hasn't seen them. First, the cast is a
group of very talented actors joined together to make great movies.
Second, the costumes should be loved because they relate to the way
viewers dress and create a sense of closeness to the actors. Third, the
sets turn day to day places into lovable, magical places. Finally, the
soundtracks were composed for the purpose of being loved and magical.
Looking for a good movie? Or maybe 8? Watch the Harry Potter series,
you should see them if you haven't already!
			
This is an amazing movie my whole family loves!From the hilarious Ron to the incredibly intelligent Hermione, this is
for your whole family to enjoy. It has you on the edge of your seat
with amazing, crazy stunts. I recommend this for ages 8 to as old as
you get before you can't hear or see well anymore!Ten out of ten for an amazing movie with wonderful actors! I hope this
helps you decide what to watch next. This is a great movie for all
ages! Also, you will never, EVER get bored of it, so you can watch it
over and over again, and still love it! I hope you take my advice and
watch this movie. You are sure to love it, no doubt!
			
it is a great movie amazing i never saw anything like this before i
like this movie a lot this is a movie that you will say wow that was a
great movie or wow how about we watch that again this is one good movie
and you will like it a lot this is a great harry Potter movie or film i
never saw anything like this before i think this maybe one of the best
movies in the whole world i think this is a great movie for the whole
family even those my Nana and papa said it is not a good movie i think
it is make this movie number 1 i like it so much this movie is the real
real i never saw a movie this good before i like this movie than
anything i like this movie so much make this movie number 1 this movie
is where the money is i like this movie a lot i think this movie is the
bomb this movie is a masterpiece harry Potter rocks i never saw a movie
this good before i like this movie so much this is one cool movie
			
11 year old Harry Potter (Daniel Redcliffe) was a troubled orphaned kid
who's parents died when he was a baby and now lives with three horrible
relatives known as Cousin Dudley (Harry Meling), Uncle Vernon (Richard
Griffith) and Aunt Petuna (Fiona Shaw) as he feels more like a slave
then a relative. Of course a large friendly giant-like man named Hagrid
(Robbie Coltrane) brings him an important message from a special school
for wizards and witches called "Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and
Wizardy" where Harry has special powers of magic and was born a wizard.
Now he enrolls in the school in a magical world unseen by any normal
person where anything can happen, he meets up with two fellow students
named Ron Weasley (Rupert Grin) and feisty Hermoine Granger (Emma
Watson) as they befriend him. Along his way during his first year he
meets Professor Dumbledore (Richard Harris), Professor Snape (Alan
Rickman), Professor McGarnagle (Maggie Smith) and even bully Draco
Malfoy (Tom Felton) as there's some secrets from the past that Harry
must try to figure out including a mysterious object hidden in the
school called "The Sorcerer's Stone" which is said to have great
powers.Brilliant and faithful adaptation of J.K. Rowling's first book of the
ever popular Harry Potter series. Director Chris Columbus has brought
the imaginative book on the screen in a successful way with superb
acting even from the supporting cast like John Hurt and Warwick Davis.
The special effects even the creature effects are quite good but the
story is quite compelling as it fulfills the beginning of a fantastic
fantasy franchise.
			
Speaking as someone who has seen this movie over 200 times (no joke,
people), I must say that there are a few flaws, as is the case with
many a film. It is extremely rare this day and age to find a seamless
film, and lets face it, with a main character that boasts only two
pre-Sorcerer's Stone credentials, and neither of those happen to be one
of my top 200 picks for a Friday night flick and a director who boasts
such films as Bicentennial Man and Monkeybone, I think it's safe to say
that most of the weight of this film rests on the shoulders of Chris
Columbus and not David Radcliffe. And I must also admit that for an
actor's second film and third acting job, he did above and beyond what
I would expect of a nearly new actor, fresh on the market.Enough of the banter, let's move on. First and foremost, I have to say
that this is my favorite book-to-film port to date, and it doesn't look
like that's going to sway anytime soon. The Sorcerer's Stone does it's
job, captures the innocence of the first installment of the Harry
Potter series, and really is a great film, which is more than I can say
for the following films, which would have been right up there with this
film, had they not been book adaptations. As I have said many times, I
wish I would not have read the books so that my opinion is not swayed
by sitting there watching and comparing to the book, but the damage has
been done. This film has only a few flaws, but then again, it's hard to
find films that are seamless in this day and age, so I won't hold those
against it, but I think it would be fair to warn you. Most lines in the
film seem too practiced, too refined, as though the actor/ess is
reading off of a cue card. There are many scenes where lines that
should have been cool were just lame, and the CG, which was great for
2001, is less than impressive today. Apart from that, great film,
definite "re-watch value", a major recommend.
			
Harry Potter's (Daniel Radcliffe) life as a famous wizard begins at age
eleven, when rescued from the horrible Dursleys by Hagrid (Robbie
Coltrane),"Keeper of the Keys at Hogwarts." Adventures and life
changing encounters are bountiful as Harry moves from a life as a
prisoner to become a celebrity. Rescued from the outrageous neglect of
his aunt (Fiona Shaw) and uncle (Richard Bremmer), Harry, as a young
boy with a great destiny, proves his worth while attending Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.Flying brooms, wands, evil potions, and invisible cloaks are all part
of a world that is soon to be introduced to Harry Potter. This movie
sparks the imagination of a wonderful, mystical world in which good
triumphs over evil. Harry Potter begins his life as a deprived and
socially inept young man. These personality traits are due to the cruel
treatment endured while living with his Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and
Cousin Dudley Dursley (Harry Melling). Unexplainable events occur such
as the intriguing conversation and surprising release of the boa
constrictor at the zoo. Harry is as startled by this occurrence as
everybody else. Although he doesn't understand why these incidents
occur, he takes them in stride and suffers through the punishments
doled out. Harry's character is changed when he receives the invitation
to attend Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It is with this
invitation that Harry's character begins to transform. Hidden secrets
and family skeletons are revealed to Harry when he accepts this
invitation. By entering this new world, Harry grows financially,
socially, and intellectually. There are two main settings that make a
lasting impression: Diagon Alley is the first of the two, where Harry
goes to purchase necessary school supplies for Hogwarts. When entering
an establishment, he is recognized and readily greeted like a war hero
arriving home. Diagon Alley is an open market for any potion or
ingredient a witch or a wizard could want. In the many shops, owls are
displayed much like puppies at a pet store; children longingly stare at
"the new Nimbus Two Thousand" broomsticks. It is during this stop that
Harry realizes the enormity of his situation. The next setting that
teases the imagination is Hogwarts, perched atop a high mountain, its
windows sparkling in the starry sky, a huge castle. But within Hogwarts
staircases shift with no notice, ghosts roam the hallways, food
magically appears on tables, and portraits converse with passersby.
This puzzling maze of corridors and hallways that make up Hogwarts
entice the reader to explore the many passageways of Hogwarts in their
imaginations. "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" tells the story
of an orphaned boy who learns on his eleventh birthday that he
possesses magical powers. Also he learns Voldemort (Richard Bremmer)
killed his parents instead of them dying in a car crash. After ten
years of living under the stairs, he's suddenly among people who share
his peculiar gifts at Hogwarts. But the real journey is Harry's growing
up adventures, in which he encounters people who need his help against
the forces of evil, and his effort to live up to his father's name.
			
Spoilers? Harry Potter lives with his terrible Uncle Vernon And Aunt
Petunia and his fat cousin Dudley. They all treat him like dirt, and
when Harry receives many letters, Vernon gets suspicuos and moves to an
island where no one can get them, or so he thinks. Thats when a giant
called Hagrid comes and invites him to Hogwarts and explains to Harry
that he's a wizard. Hogwarts is a special school for witches and
wizards. Once Harry takes this in, he accepts the offer. At Hogwarts he
meets two new friends, Ron (Grint) and Hermione (Watson). When they
learn about the Sorcers Stone, and predict it is in Hogwarts, they are
thrust into a world of fantasy and adventure.
			
Like many people who had read the book before seeing the film I wasn't
disappointed. A lot of the film was better than my visualisations when
reading the book and the special effects are incredible. The casting is
very good. It's a real shame that Richard Harris died. He was great as
Dumbledore. Although Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall sometimes
seems like Jean Brodie in a pointy hat (you wonder at what point she's
going to say "Gryffindor are the creme a la creme") I still wouldn't
have cast anyone else in the role. She's spot on. The character of
Hagrid could have been written for Robbie Coltrane.Some scenes might be
a bit intense for younger children but there's plenty in it to appeal
to children of all ages and adults too. It is a fantasy story but there
are plenty of things in it kids will identify with. Every school has a
precocious poshly named girl like Hermione Grainger and a know-it-all
who grasses on his mates like Draco Malfoy. Harry Potter appeals to the
universal imagination and touches a nerve with a lot of people. I think
it is a bit paranoid to say that it makes children interested in the
occult and black magic as it is pure fantasy. I think it is more likely
to make kids want to run at the brick pillars between platforms 9 and
10 at King's Cross Station in the hope that they'll go through the wall
and they'll be able to board the Hogwarts Express!
			

I really don't know why does this movie was not included at the top 250
best films list. I think this movie really deserves 9.2 votes. And this
movie really deserves to be the #1 on the list. From the powerful cast
to a great direction to a great and fantastic special effects, this
movie not only boast in storyline but there are some pretty good damn
delivery of their lines.*****SPOILER MAYBE******** Daniel Radcliffe's acting here as the lead
role, Harry Potter not only deliver the goods. But also the acting of
Emma Watson and Tom Felton as the villain. I really love such scenes
like the talking hat and the scene in the forest. It's just like the
one you've expected in such fantasy films. The clever thing is, Rupert
Grint. I don't know but i don't like his acting. But still, the movie
really delivers the goods... and this movie and it's sequels rocks.10/10

			

This film was good but not that good. The reason i say this is because
of the acting, what I mean is the acting is not very good. Also the
score could have been better. Other then the acting and the score the
film was pretty good.I would have to give this film a 7 out of 10 for lack of acting, but
don't get me wrong I think all the actors in this movie are wonderful.
They just weren't as good in this movie.Maybe would have been better if it was directed by Steven spielberg. Or
even Tim Burton, but if he did it, it would probably be dark and
gloomy.

			

"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is the first film of the
popular series about a boy wizard based on the books by J.K. Rowling.
And in my opinion movie fantasies don't get any better than this. This
is a terrific movie that has a lot going for it: great directing,
wonderful storytelling, and fine acting. No wonder this series as
already become a phenomenon.This first adventure introduces us to Harry Potter, a young boy who
discovers on his 11th birthday that he's a wizard, and goes on to
fulfill his destiny at Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
Fast-paced, funny, and wonderfully entertaining, "Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone" never disappoints. Daniel Radcliffe (Harry Potter),
Emma Watson (Hermione Grainger), and Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley) will
have long careers thanks to this series. And don't forget that veteran
British cast (Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, Richard Harris, Robbie
Coltrane, etc.). Everybody's terrific, with my favorite performances
coming from Watson and Coltrane.Sure this is a long movie at 152 minutes, but to me it felt a little
shorter than that, thanks to its fast pace. Director Chris Columbus
("Home Alone", "Mrs. Doubtfire") wanted to get every element of the
book into the film, and therefore he succeeded. Not to mention the
beautifully technical aspects of the movie, which received well
deserved Oscar nominations for Original Score, Art Direction, and
Costume Design (should have gotten another nod for Visual Effects). And
what comes out of this movie is one very entertaining show. Kids all
around the world love this film, and well they should. This is a family
film that even adults can like. So just sit back and enjoy it! I sure
did! ***** (out of five)

			

This is my second favourite film EVER. It wasn't as good as the Chamber of
Secrets, but apart from that, it was brilliant! I would give them both 95%
(nothings perfect!). If you read my Chamber of Secrets comment, you will
see
how much I like Harry Potter.The Philosophers Stone was my #1 film of 2001 and the Chamber of Secrets
is
my #1 film of 2002. These are my favourite films to this
day.1. Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
2. Harry Potter and the Philosohers Stone
3. Shrek
4. Singing in the Rain
5. The Wizard of OZ
6. Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor dreamcoat.
7. Monsters Inc
8. Finding Nemo
9. Toy Story 2
10. Toy StoryI dont like Lord of the Rings, Film 1: 3/10, Film 2: 1/10See it NOW!
			

Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was released in close proximity to the
great Lord of the Rings, and while this has happened many times before with
the general result that one of the two films is widely, although not always
correctly, considered inferior to the other (Independence Day and The
Arrival, Armageddon and Deep Impact, etc.), this has surprisingly not been
the case with these films. Clearly, The Lord of the Rings is a much more
mature and bold film, but the first installment in the Harry Potter series
is much more than a childish adventure tale. One of the things that really
makes it a great film is that the film is so faithful to the book. The
writers and director Chris Columbus wisely decided not to take any creative
liberties with the material that they had to work with. I am glad to see
this, because literary faithfulness is almost always associated with better
adapted films, and it's good to know that no one involved with the making of
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone felt the need to improve upon a book
that has been justifiably described as a `publishing phenomenon.'J.K Rowling has created a brilliant adventure masterpiece with her first
novel, which she reportedly began writing in some caf in England back when
she was a struggling single mother, and Chris Columbus has successfully
taken on the daunting task of bringing it to the screen. One of the things
that Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone has in common with The Lord of
the Rings is that they both bring the audience to entirely new worlds, with
the added bonus in Harry Potter that we actually start out in the real world
(to some extent) and travel to the world of witches and wizards with the
equally amazed Harry Potter.On a structural level, Harry Potter takes an age-old underdog winning
formula and reformulates it to make it interesting again. We get a
surprisingly simple version of the good vs. bad structure that Star Wars
exemplifies so well as Harry faces off with his pals in Griffindor against
the obviously malicious Draco Malfoy (what a name!) and the rest of
Slytherin. There is a surprising amount of characterization going on in this
film even at the level of their actual names, to such extent that a couple
of Draco's loyal goons have names like Crabbe and Goyle. Real charmers, I'm
sure.Obviously, in a film with this much fantasy and adventure, there is a
definite need for some amount of computer-generated special effects. You
just can't have a fight with a fully-grown mountain troll or a game of
Quidditch played on broomsticks or a lot of the magic that took place in the
movie without them, but thankfully they were wise enough not to take the
special effects too far, a mistake the ease of which to make George Lucas is
happily proving. The problem with computer-generated images these days is
that no matter how huge the budget is or how high tech the images are, they
NEVER look completely real. Chris Columbus seems to realize this, as can be
seen, for example, in the Quidditch game, in which all of the players
zooming around on their brooms are generally shown from a distance, so that
the only way that we can tell that they aren't real, with a few exceptions,
is that we've never seen someone in real life riding a flying broom. Given
the fact that a game played entirely on flying brooms was made to look at
least moderately convincing, we're more than willing to forgive the
relatively few scenes in which the level of reality slips a little bit (such
as the scene where the mountain troll is hanging Harry by his foot, swinging
at him with his club).The casting in the film, as well, could not possibly have been better. 12
year-old Daniel Radcliffe perfectly captures the unique character of Harry
Potter, and his young friends in the film are portrayed by a series of
preteen newcomers as well. The surprising thing here is not only that most
of the children with lead roles in the film are very new to film acting, but
that Chris Columbus managed to coax such convincing performances out of all
of them (obviously, being fans of wonderful adventure tales such as Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, we all remember director Richard Donner
mentioning in the director's commentary on The Goonies DVD that working with
children made him contemplate suicide on a daily basis). Robbie Coltrane
delivers the performance of his career as the lovable Hagrid, the gigantic
Gamekeeper with the heart of gold and the clumsily loose tongue, while
Richard Harris and Maggie Smith fit so well in their roles that they seem to
have been written specifically for them (each easily reaching the incredible
level of precision with which Ian McKellan and Christopher Lee each fit into
their respective roles in The Lord of the Rings). And, of course, I can't
forget Alan Rickman, who is so perfectly cast as Severus Snape that the role
could not have been filled half as well by any other actor. Rickman has been
unfortunately typecast since his absolutely brilliant performance in Robin
Hood: Prince of Thieves, and his role here as Snape is hardly a notch or two
below that one. Clearly, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is aimed at a relatively
younger audience, since the books are aimed at a young adult audience, but
the film manages to entertain children and adults alike, just as the books
are easily enjoyable by any adult who is at least slightly in touch with his
or her inner child. It is not often that a book or series of books as
fascinating as the Harry Potter books comes along, and it's great to see
that, just like The Lord of the Rings, the series is off to a smashing good
start. I wish they would make movies out of some of the other adventure
books that are just as fun to read as the Harry Potter books, such as The
Phantom Tollbooth or The Chronicles of Narnia (someone's sitting on a gold
mine with that one!!), but for now, I am personally more than content to sit
back and watch a new Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings film for the next
couple years, and hope that this trend of quality adventure will continue in
the future. 
			
With the sixth book now out (and one more to go), I feel that I should
review "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". By now, the Harry
Potter books have become so well entrenched in our culture that I don't
even need to explain the story. But I can say that director Chris
Columbus did a great job adapting the book to the silver screen.The cast does very well with the roles: newcomer Daniel Radcliffe plays
Harry Potter, making him strong-willed but vulnerable. Rupert Grint and
Emma Watson play his friends, the uptight Ron Weasley and the
no-nonsense Hermione Granger. The Hogwarts staff is played by a
who's-who of British actors: Richard Harris as headmaster Albus
Dumbledore, Maggie Smith as anthropomorphic Prof. Minerva McGonagall
(and one can detect a hint of Miss Jean Brodie there), Alan Rickman as
unctuous Prof. Severus Snape, and Robbie Coltrane as gamekeeper Rubeus
Hagrid. Others include Zoe Wanamaker as Quidditch teacher Madame Hooch,
Julie Walters as Molly Weasley (Ron's mum), Richard Griffiths as Vernon
Dursley (Harry's mean uncle) and even John Cleese as
Nearly-Headless-Nick, one of the school ghosts.All in all, this is a movie for the ages. I know that religious
fundamentalists will claim that the Harry Potter books are promoting
witchcraft, but are we really going to believe those kinds of people,
considering that they claimed the same things about "Bewitched"? Harry
Potter will live forever - something that no Muggle can do.
			

  This is a film that was made primarily for children and people should
remember that, I think it is unfair to say that the acting is poor because I
thought all the young actors did very well. It dose not include alot of the
book but it unrealistic to expect that it would be exactly the same the film
would have been too long therefore not appealing to the young viewer. 
Overall an enjoyable film
			

I love the Harry Potter movies. They are great in every way. In the first
book we find out all about this world where people use magic for all
sorts
of things. They even go to a school and learn magic. Then a movie was
made
and it was great. But there were things that happened in the book that
would
go good in the movie. But overall it is a great film. I give it a
9/10.
			
Harry Potter And the Sorcerer's Stone is a delight.  When a strange visitor
shows up on Harry Potter's  eleventh, birthday, he learns that he is a
wizard and that there's a place waiting for him at Hogwarts School of Magic.
He soon learns of a world that he didn't know existed and makes friends with
other children like him.  He also learns that he is a very special young man
indeed while displaying kindness and decency all along the
way.This is a delightful film.  It' beautifully put together and has magical (no
pun intended!) touches throughout.  How wonderful it is to see the three
main characters come to realize the importance of friendship.  I love their
innocence and youthful integrity.  It is superbly edited and the people who
put this movie together knew how to use special effects in a movie without
letting them get in the way of the story or characters.  Bravo!  This movie
has a special aura about that not many movies are able to attain.  I'd rate
it a 91/100.  It's a must see for any movie buff.    
			

Impressive adaptation of the first Harry Potter novel as the boy
himself
is surprised to what he inherited from his deceased parents and heads off
to
the Hogwarts school to solve the mystery and who was responsible.Director Chris Columbus deserves a lot of credit for keeping the movie
itself belivable yet creative.  The three young leads (Daniel Radcliffe,
Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint) are pretty good here just as the
supporting
cast, consisting of mostly well-known British actors and
actresses.I don't mean to offend any of the die hard fans of the series by saying
this, but this movie didn't deliver the same punch veilocity as "The Lord
of
the Rings" did.
			

This rich adaptation of the first of J.K. Rowling's bestselling novels,
about Harry Potter's adventures during his first year at Hogwarts, gets
the
budding franchise off to one hell of a start and myself finally into the
thick of Pottermania after I watched the DVD and raced through all four
books last summer. Daniel Radcliffe (Harry), Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley)
and
Emma Watson (Hermione Granger) become so immersed in their roles, we have
to
remind ourselves that we're watching actors. The same goes for all the
supporting characters, who are too numerous to mention here, because it's
impossible to single out only a select few. There's not one bad
performance
to be seen. Complementing the players are solid direction by Chris
Columbus,
incredible sets by Stuart Craig and a powerful soundtrack by John
Williams.
When you think about it, has the man ever really composed a bad score?
HP's
only flaws are a long introduction and slow second-half pacing. Were it
not
for the awesome "Tomb Raider," the boy wizard would have conjured up the
best movie of 2001. Yes, you read that right.The last thing I want to do here is get on my soapbox, but there is one
issue regarding this movie that I need to get off my chest. While "Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" may not have won any Oscars, it
unfortunately does deserve the Complaining About the Color of the Couch
Award. (Note the initials.) Never mind that HP earned nearly $1 billion
worldwide and is the second-highest grossing film of all time
(unfortunately
playing second fiddle to the downright horrible "Titanic"). I don't think
I've ever heard so much anally-retentive griping before over one single
movie. For instance, considering the universal disdain for tie-in
merchandising, Columbus caught holy hell for staunchly rejecting any Harry
Potter fast-food tie-ins - at Rowling's request, no less! - while Burger
King got away unscathed with their "Lord of the Rings" promotion. Go
figure.And to those who just can't enjoy this great work for what it is, and who
instead choose to incessantly take apart every little detail, ranging from
the acting and direction to the script's excessive - or dearth of -
fidelity
to the story and other pointless minutiae, try removing your head from
your
posterior and maybe you'll get a better view of things. These are the same
clods who are so full of themselves that some feel the need to list book
mistakes on their two-bit websites, as if they believe that doing so will
elevate them to a special plateau. While we're on the subject of fidelity,
what the hell does "overfaithfulness" to the story mean, anyway?
9/10

			

The film adaptation of J.K. Rowling's outstanding novel, ``Harry Potter and
the Sorcerer's Stone," is a riveting, joyful adventure.  The cast is simply
brilliant; Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint all shine as the
Hogwarts first-years "Harry Potter," "Hermione Granger," and "Ron Weasley,"
respectively.  Another outstanding cast member is Dame Maggie Smith, who
plays the strict but fair "Professor McGonagall."  Finally, Robbie Coltrane,
as "Hagrid," and Richard Harris, as "Albus Dumbledore," are also great for
their roles.The special effects in the film are as outstanding as the cast.  The
particular centerpiece of this film is the Quidditch match, which is brought
to us in stunning detail.  The view of the Hogwarts School is also
brilliantly done.  I especially liked the Gryffindor Common Room with its
high ceilings and tall, narrow windows - just as you'd expect in a castle's
tower.  While there are a myriad of small changes and additions, the film
surprisingly stays very close to the progression of the book.  The so-called
"lengthy" run time of the film is nothing to worry about; with this
particular movie, the more the better!  Besides, the film engrosses you too
much and proceeds quickly enough as is.  It's doubtful that anyone will be
watching the clock!
			

This movie was awesome, but to be deeply moved, one had to notice
subtleties.  I watched the movie after reading the book, and I found it
very
easy to see how badly Harry longed for his parents, and how he drew from
that love to ultimately defeat Voldemort.  My parents, who watched the
movie
with me had never read the book, however, and I don't even think they
figured out that Harry's parents were dead until the middle of the
movie.The plot was amazing as it twisted and turned, causing the reader to
suspect
Snape of being evil when all along he wasn't such a bad
person.Through the demonstration of love conquering all, and the example that
people aren't always bad though they may seem to be, the movie watcher
comes
away edified and inspired.  What a fantastic thing!
			

I thought that Chris Colombus did a great job on this movie. It stayed
fairly true to the book and was entertaining all the way through! Sure
they
left out some stuff, but doesn't almost every movie based on a book do
that?
If you love the books, I guarantee that you will love this movie. Your
imagination comes to life right in front of you on screen and it's just
amazing to see everything you have been picturing inside your head come to
life. Can't wait for the Chamber of Secrets!!!! 
			

This is a very well made movie for all ages.  Even though it is geared
more
towards children this is so well written and directed that it will prove
fun
and intriguing for everyone.  The acting is even very good and we all know
how difficult it can be to work with child actor ie. the half days the
fact
that they tire faster and can be less understanding of waiting for
lighting
etc.  This is a must see for all.
			

there is nothing wrong with this splendid and entertaining adaption of JK
Rowling's first book of the young wizard. Although my mum, who has read the
book, said that they did miss some scenes from the book, as a movie-goer I
enjoyed it! This is probably one of the best children's films since Babe, so
only a 6 years difference. 
So is it good? Well, it is over-rated but performances from Robbie Coltrane
and even John Cleese, his first children's film role since The Wind in the
Willows, makes the film enjoyable for me. And of course, Harry Potter
himself, Daniel Raddcliffe, should become the next Macaulay Culkin as he is
truly brilliant in his role. So with some new and some old stars in this
magnificent film, this was truly a good rival for The Lord of the Rings:The
Fellowship of the Ring!  
			

Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's stone is a wonderful movie. It is set in a
world of enchantment such as the Wizard of OZ. A background of Witches and
Warlocks and a place where Goblins aren't the friendly kind. A great young
and talented cast has been picked for this movie and it tells as the movie
goes on and grows in suspense. Brilliant thoughts and effort went into this
film and it was fantastic to watch as will the next two, which will only be
even better and unmissable. Overall a brilliant movie with comedy and
suspense and should be viewed by everyone. 
			

     The first time I saw this movie I was surprised at the look of the
film.
     
                 The scenes in the Dursley's neighborhood, look very similar to the way
English sitcoms look on public T.V. They are very dry and look almost
bleached. The scenes at Hogwarts and Diagon Alley are filled with color, and
are visually stunning. Not unlike the Wizard of OZ, which Harry Potter and
The Sorcerer's Stone can be easily compared to. 
     
      The performances are uniformly excellent. The actors in Harry Potter
thoroughly establish their characters personalities. Maggie Smith, Alan
Rickman, Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, Robbie Coltrane, Sean
Biggerstaff, and others are really impressive in their roles.    
       Harry Potter includes some really elaborate art direction and sets.
The first scene in Diagon Alley, you see a vibrant, bustling town, it
matches the book. 
     
     Chris Columbus really deserves a lot of credit. His direction artful
while being faithful to the book. 
    
      Without giving to much away the ending was brilliantly re-imagined, it
was really fleshed out. 
     Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone is a great and underrated film.

			

This movie missed a few things but overall was a good movie. The cast fit
their parts perfectly. As said, it did miss a few things but was almost
accurate. I liked the movie and can't wait to see the second. .I give it a
9
out of 10.
			

I really enjoyed Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  The directing was
very good.  Yet there were a few things missing.First of all, I have to say the movie lacked feeling.  The kid's acting
was
horrible.  From Hermione's over exaggerating words, "Ron, it's windgardeum
leviOSa, not leviosa", you get my point with the bad spelling!:)Another thing...the movie lacked the feeling that the book gave, I
honestly
think that J.K. Rowling herself should have written the
screenplay.
			

*contains some spoilers*Okay, I know it's not as great as the book, but still it is a good movie!
The reason it isn't as good as the book is because they left out some
important parts. But they didn't want to make you sit there for 4 hours
just
to watch one movie, and it was clocked at 4 hours!It is a little long, and some parts didn't seem to have much meaning, but
it
was still good. The Quidditch match, for example. Wouldn't you think that
something would've happened when Harry's broomstick was jinxed? They
didn't
show the score after Harry got back on his broomstick.Don't get me wrong, I loved the movie. It's just some things in the movie
wasn't how I imagined it to be in the book. Like I didn't think Ron or
Hermione would look like they did in the movie.Overall, I would give it a 9/10. It's an awesome movie. And I haven't seen
Lord of the Rings yet, and I don't intend to.
			

I don't see why everyone is giving "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's
Stone" a hard time. Sure, it doesn't cover all the events from the book,
but
it wouldn't be possible to do that anyway given: a)the film is only
2-and-a-half hours long and b)some of the events of the book simply could
not be translated onto film.I received the DVD as a gift for my 21st (yes, 21st!) birthday. I hadn't
read any of the books in the series and, I'll admit, had long been one of
the skeptics of the whole Harry Potter phenomenon, regarding it as the
latest craze kids were into. After watching the film I've now read all
four
of the books and have immensely enjoyed each of them.Yes, the books are more informative and, in all honesty, more humorous
than
the film, and there are dedicated fans who will argue that adapting the
books for film was a disaster waiting to happen. But let's enjoy the film
for what it is - an entertaining way to pass a couple of hours. It's
remained true to the book far more than many other adaptations and, in
reality, this was a bit of a "damned if you do, damned if you don't"
situation - there was always going to be people who wanted a strict
adherence to the plot, others who didn't.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a film that is aimed at the
adult and child market alike, much like the books I might add. I enjoyed
this film, as a 21 year old graduate, as much as my 6 and 7 year old
cousins
did.I'd probably give this film a rating of 9 out of 10, for a fun way to
spend
the afternoon. Let's hope the subsequent outings are as
entertaining!
			

For being 2 and a half hours, this is the best they could have done.  Some
of the minor characters and humor is cut down, but since it stuck to the
main events, it is still great.  This is probably the best adaptation of a
book that I have seen.  That does not mean that this movie is perfect
though.  While much of the movie contains things that were in the book,
there are things missing that I was looking forward to.  I know that they
could not have put everything in here, but they could have made it just a
teeny bit longer.  I was also disappointed by the special effects.  While
all of them look spectacular, I was hoping that I wouldn't be able to tell
that it was CGI they were using.  I was able to tell though.  That took
away
from the perfect 10 rating.  That aside, everything did look about right,
from Diagon Alley to the Giant Chess Game.  This made for a great movie
though, and I saw it a couple of more times in the theater, having enjoyed
it so much.  I am highly awaiting the sequel, and from the trailer, it
looks
that it will even surpass this one.  I will always enjoy this movie,
though,
no matter how many times I see it, due to the fact that this is my
favorite
book series coming to life.  I gave it a 9/10 rating.

			

When I first read the Harry Potter books, I thought, 'this would make a
great movie scenario.  The descriptions are very precise and the dialogue
sounds like a series of film replicas'.  Well, the movie was actually
made,
and I must say I liked it.I found the adaptation was pretty good; the storyline was in most part
respected and I thought the acting was quite good also, although the
physical description of some of the actors didn't quite fit with what I
had
imagined when reading the book... but hey, I can't blame anyone for that!
I
found the settings and the backgrounds beautiful and inspiring, and these
matched very well with my 'imagined world of Harry Potter'.  Some of the
cute and/or funny things I liked about the book were omitted in the film;
I
guess they were less important than the storyline itself. Although the
movie
is 2 and a half hours, I didn't find it too long.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is actually a fairly good movie.
It is well worth being seen, although I must say I enjoyed the book
better.
I give the movie 9 out of 10.
			

I've never read the "Harry Potter" books, but I can say that I'm quite
pleased with the movie. It's not every day that you could find a bunch of
children who would actually act. In "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,"
the children are not only likeable, but they also blend in well with the
story.Originally to be directed by Steven Spielberg, and starring Haley Joel
Osment as the title character, "Harry Potter" was helmed by Chris Columbus,
a director experienced with working with children. His direction is fine. He
gives the story appeal to both adults and children, which is not that common
in today's movies. It has some psychological moments, as well as brilliant
art direction. Having not read the books, I can already say that "Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a wonderful adaptation to J.K. Rowlings'
first book of the "Harry Potter" series.And the film does have some state-of-the-art special effects, over 700
shots. However, some of them suffer from having a sharp-looking foreground,
while the background is rather blurry. Many of the special effects scream to
the audience revealing that they are indeed special effects. Yet most of
this doesn't distract us from the story, which is another uncommon thing for
today's movies.We also have some cool magic tricks along with some exciting and suspenseful
action sequences, such as Quidditch, a wizard's sport, and a game of Chess
played by living humans. We have fun exploring the campus of Hogwarts School
of Witchcraft and Wizardry as characters go up on moving staircases and
meeting the three-headed dog, Fluffy. And there are also some funny and
heartwarming moments such as a newborn dragon breathing fire, singeing one
of the characters' giant beard."Harry Potter" is an enjoyable film for the whole family, which I'd
recommend out to people who don't read the books or aren't interested in
magic tricks. This is all because of Chris Columbus' clever direction that
makes kids feel like adults and adults feel like kids.
			

Great Movie! I haven't read any of the harry potter books, but i found the
movie very easy to follow.  I first suspected the movie was aimed towards
kids, but i also found my enjoyment in this movie.  I have seen it 3 times
now in the theaters and plan to buy it on DVD.  I recommend this movie for
all ages, i haven't heard anyone i know say bad things about
it!
			

This movie truly is a magical experience! I saw it with reluctance, as I
found the book to be boring, but this film is the book without the boring
bits! It has wit, charm, suspence and great action scenes! This film
deserves an oscar for best pic! Hard to find anything wrong in this great
picture, it will be loved by children and adults throughout the
world!
			

This film is an outstanding fantasy adventure film for kids from about seven
through fifteen.  After that, its appeal drops off dramatically.  Director
Chris Columbus (Home Alone, Mrs. Doubtfire) does a fine job of bringing the
wildly popular children's series to the big screen.Columbus had a difficult decision to make with the first film.  The
introduction of Harry Potter requires a good deal of character and plot
development, which isn't particularly interesting to those who aren't
dedicated fans of the books.  Columbus chose to be true to the series and
spent a lot of time doing background work that would be useful in later
films (two more of which are already planned).  That encumbers this film a
bit, weighing it down with details at the expense of plot pacing.  So, while
this film is not as thrilling as it might have been, it sets the stage for
more exciting sequels.From a technical perspective the film is marvelous.  The visual effects in
this film are often astounding, especially the Quidditch match.  The
cinematography is rich and dramatic, both the outdoor shots and those shot
on the sets.  Columbus entices excellent performances out of the young and
inexperienced cast members, but also works well with the
veterans.The acting is fabulous.  Daniel Radcliffe is an excellent find as Harry.  He
has a kind of nerdy coolness that is perfect for the part.  He comes across
more as a regular kid trying to come to terms with special powers than a
self important superhero type.  This is exactly the right balance.  Emma
Watson, playing Hermione, is the consummate scene stealer and it is
difficult to believe that this is her first feature film.  Watson packs a
perky punch and has a wide array of facial expressions that often make
dialogue completely superfluous.  Her self assurance and boldness provide
the ideal contrast to Radcliffe's characterization of the timid and
tentative Harry.The adult actors also represent themselves admirably.  Richard Harris and
Maggie Smith provide steadying influences as Headmaster Dumbledore and
Professor McGonagall.  Harris is almost unidentifiable under the flowing
beard and robes, but his distinctive voice is unmistakable.  Smith is
suitably stern and kind, showing she has a soft spot for Harry, but
maintaining the authoritarian demeanor required of her position.  But the
show stealer among the older actors is clearly Robbie Coltrane as the overly
loquacious Hagrid (`I shouldn't have said that.  I should NOT have said
that.')  Coltrane makes Hagrid as lovable as he is bumbling; a kid in a
grown-up's body that is clearly on the kids' side.This is a delightful film for middle school kids, a segment that has fewer
film choices than toddlers and teens.  I'd rate it a 9/10, shaving a point
for excessive workup that slowed down the story a bit.  However, for Harry
Potter fans, this is a perfect ten.
			

Well the movie is simply nothing compared to the book, and most of the
parts
are not present. So if you've read the book, see the movie else it's not
worth it. If you've read the book, the movie is very nice as you can relate
to it.
			

I thought this movie was wonderful. I first saw it without reading the
books
and I thought it was excellent. It inspired me to read the books, and I am
now currently in the middle of reading them. After reading the first book
I
watched the movie again, and I did see the differences and what they left
out, but you can't expect everything to fit into a two and a half hour
movie. But all in all it stays pretty faithful to the book, which I think
is
great. This movie definitely will inspire you to read the books, if you
haven't already. 
			

I really loved the movie, but it's not quite as good as the book.  There
is
one thing I wish they'd have done though...they said they cut hours and
hours off of the movie so they could put it in theatres.  So why couldn't
they offer the DVD with the full uncut version?  I know I would buy it.
heck, it's a DVD I could watch some of it and pick the rest up when ever.
Anyway, I loved it. :)
			

Let me Start by saying that I broke my rule with movies made from books. I
read the book first then saw the movie.  Big mistake in the case of Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  Although the movie was (a well
documented)
2 1/2 hours, the script spread the story very thin.--Possible Spoilers--I never enjoyed the first act of the novel (Harry living with his muggle
relatives), so I was pleased that this portion of the story was condensed.
But so much of the story was glossed over as well.  While reading the
sorting hat scene, the tension can really be felt.  But in the movie, it
seems more like an introduction to the four houses at Hogwart's.  There are
several other points in the film that deal with the book's story similarly
and disappointingly.  For example, in the movie we never sense how
disappointed the house is with Harry, Ron, and Harmoine for losing 150
points for them -- in the book they are practically ostricized, which
brings
the trio closer together.With a stronger, more focused script (DON'T read shorter --that's not what
I
am concerned about) this movie could have been great.  Instead we are given
an entertaining tale that leaves you wanting for a fuller story.  The
casting and cinematography in this movie are superb -- all the right people
and all the right sets.  Radcliffe turns in a fine performance as Harry.As far as special effects, I was disappointed with all the "money" shots --
the troll, the three-headed dog, the centaur and Quidditch.  All seemed
artificial, too easy to tell that they were CGI.  But I can't complain much
about F/X, I liked the Mummy Returns, but the CGI at the end of that movie
is some of the worst ever.  I digress.Really, this movie was enjoyable.  A good yarn spread a bit thin in places,
but nonetheless entertaining.  I give it a 7 out of 10.

			

I enjoyed the movie, it captured most of the book very well. There were
even
a few additions that were put into the movie. My only regret was there was
not the second Quidditch match played for the cameras.Maybe next time.
			

I give this movie 9/10 just because I love the book so it was granted I
would love the movie.  And I did--although it isn't perfect.Great directing.  Great music.  Good special effects although not on the
level of Star Wars, but the Quidditch scene was especially good.  Good
acting, the kids got along well together!  Hermoine and Ron were especially
good and Harry was of course, Harry!No movie really matches the book, not even LOTR or even Gone with the Wind
for that matter.  But it is definitely worth seeing!  But read the
book!

			

The books about Potter are absolutely great. So, this movie begins with an
extreme advantage: a great plot is already written. The disadvantage is that
these books are very popular and thereby everyone would compare the movie
with the book. To make everyone happy is an almost impossible task and I
would say this movie didnt achieve in that, but.....they get really close.
Many plots, characters and little things out of the book are there. The only
thing is, that they couldnt work out all the characters at a deep level.
Thereby, you sometimes miss things on the screen you did read. On top of
that, I really missed "Peeves"; the bully poltergeist. But, John Cleese as
"Sir. Nearly Headless Nick" was very funny. For me, one of the best parts
was the Quidditch game. They really made it look great. Also, the
surroundings are great: you really see Hogwarts, Diagon Alley, Privet Drive
and Gringots. Especially Gringots, the bank which is run by Goblins looks
brilliant. 
For people who have been reading the first book, watching this movie is a
wonderful experience; you see everything come to life. And, at the end of
the day, they did really stay close to the book, not changing much. For
people who didnt read it, I think, the movie isnt really good. I strongly
advise to those people to first read the book and watch the movie after
that. For me, watching it was a pretty intense experience: I really loved
all the books and have much sympathy witch Harry and his friends (and
enemies). The actors performances arent outstanding, but not bad also. The
special effects were sometimes pretty good, sometimes at a medium quality,
but also sometimes just not good enough. I mean, dont expect a quality like
Lord of the Rings (LOTR). Last, comparing the Potter movie to LOTR, I dare
to say that  LOTR wins every imaginable contest with the Potter movie. But,
LOTR is something so special, so perfect and brilliant, that every movie
loses it to Frodo and his friends. So, in sum, Potter isnt by far in the
same league as LOTR, but it still is a pretty great movie to watch. Im
already waiting for The Chamber of Secrets.... 
			

I hadn't read the books prior to seeing the movie, so my vision of it may
be
somewhat skewed, but I was inordinately impressed with the movie.  Richard
Harris plays Dumbledore to perfection (he might have made almost as good a
Gandalf as Ian McKellan, though the comparison won't be popular), Maggie
Smith's McGonnagall is equally good and the boy who plays Harry himself is
excellent, though his youth sometimes shows itself a little.  And Robbie
Coltrane as Hagrid steals the show! All in all a good first installment.
My
hope is that, like the Star Wars and Star Trek movies of yesteryear, the
second installment is even better than the first!
			

I have a few friends who were really big Harry Potter fans so when the
movie
came out they were all a flutter about it.  When my girlfriend, who had
just
finished the first book, wanted to see the movie I agreed to go along.  I
expected some cheesy Disney-esque kiddie film but was realy pleasantly
suprised.  Because of this movie I have now read all four books in the
series and as i reflect on the movie I really believe that it was an
excellent adaptation of the book, having never read any of the books prior
to seeing the movie i enjoyed it alot and i am looking forward to seeing it
again now that i know the story better.  The characters and their
respective
actors were excellently chosen, Alan Rickman as Snape was a really good
choice in my opinion.  The only real problem i had with the movie as
compared to the book was that in reading the book I got a much darker
feeling so when the movie was so bright and cheery i found it a little odd,
but other than that i think it was a great book/movie translation.  I'm
sure
that there are a number of Potter heads (hahaha) that will say thing were
left out of the movie, but of course they were, there's no way to fit all
the story line of the book into a movie and still have it short enough to
hold the attention span of its target audience, as it was the movie seemed
a
little long for yournger Potter fans.  I am really looking forward to the
rest of the movies in the series especialy Prisoner Of Azkaban and Goblet
Of
Fire and the next book.  If you want to see a really good movie that the
whole family will enjoy this is the movie for, well, anyone.
			

One of my problems with this movie, that it runs to long. And yet another
movie based on a book. And Home Alone and Mrs. Doubtfire's Chris Columbus
directed this telethon. Most of Columbus movies run longer than 1 hour and
40 minutes. Young Harry Potter is sent to live with his mean aunt and
uncle
who doesn't like him. So when Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) turns 11
years
old, he gets accpted into the Hogard School of Witchcraft and Wizardy. And
starts getting letters but when his uncle hides out about this, he hides
every letter that comes to Harry Potter until somebody finnaly decides to
go
tell him. He doesn't believe all this and why should he? But does agree to
go there. He makes freinds with two first year studnets, (Emma Watson &
Rupert Grint). Now a note for parnets that this is a PG rated movie. But
I'll recommed this for Harry Potter fans, and maybe a good movie to see if
you are not a Harry Potter fan. 9/10            
			

You can't compare this movie with J.K. Rowling's book, because there are
many scenes missing and it hasn't got enough depth by far. But I still
think
it's a wonderful movie with great graphics (well...apart from that
horrible
centaur) and excellent actors. Best of all is ALAN RICKMAN!: 'Mr
Potter......our new celebrity...'.
I could watch that scene over and over and over again! His portrayal of
Snape is brilliant, awesome, outstanding...there isn't a strong enough
word.
Nobody could have fitted more perfect for that role. It's a pity he has
such
little screen time, but hopefully there'll be more Snape-scenes in the
upcoming movies!
I give this movie 9 stars out of 10. I think it's fantastic to see the
world
of magic on the screen, although the book is much better.

			

Yeah, I freely admit, I'm one of those scary HP fans who is still really
upset I can't find HP bed sheets to fit a queen-sized bed.  Yeah, I really
wish they had just done the movie the way the book was.  Yeah, I probably
would've gone and seen it more often (even if it had been three and a half
hours) if it had been exactly like the book.But, it wasn't.  It couldn't have realistically been done exactly as it
was
laid out upon the page.  Oh darn.  I understand all this, but at the same
time, it doesn't make me any happier when they changed things that had
nothing to do with time constraints.  For example, in the book, Fluffy
came
from "a Greek chappie," a reference to Cerberus, the 3-headed dog of Greek
myth.  In the movie, Fluffy came from an "Irish" fellow.  Why this sort of
senseless deviation?  Were they 'dumbing it down' for fear kids may go out
and research the Classics?  Cutting scenes, I understand.  Changing them
for
the sake of changing?  That, I don't understand.On the plus side, they did do a fabulous job with location, special
effects,
etc.  "Eye candy" sums it up--even making less scary parts seem darker and
more threatening, but in a subtle,
the-kid-next-to-you-doesn't-know-to-scream
sort of way.  Wizard chess is much scarier and Quidditch is more exciting
when it's played out on the screen.A few words on the acting...  besides Coltrane (Hagrid)'s sometimes
annoying
penchant for improv, they actually succeeded in getting some mighty fine
actors.  Even the young actors are great, something too many directors
unfortunately do not demand.  Grint (Ron Weasley) is a classic Mercutio,
though--at times he's more entertaining and likeable than the "star."  He
did a fabulous job, outshining even Radcliffe.All of the actors--especially the adults!--could stand to loosen up and
get
angry / get happy / get scared occasionally.  Everyone, but particularly
Shaw (Petunia Dursley), was a bit too stiff and calm during the scene
introducing Hagrid.Despite all of this, a great movie made of an even greater
book.
			

This is as good as one might hope for in a movie adaptation of a
children's
series of books.  While I watched it, it brought back a flood of memories
from my school days, both good and bad.I thought it was a bit like Roald Dahl (Charlie and the Chocolate Factory)
in places, and C.S. Lewis's Chronicles of Narnia in others.
Also, I can't help but laugh at the witch hunters who use labels such as
"pure evil" and "witchcraft repackaged".  Here, as in all timeless
stories,
magic is incidental.  What does shine through all the pretty images and
special effects is the story of a boy who wins a struggle against great
odds, who resists great temptation and makes real friends who love him
enough to risk their lives for him.
			
In the tradition of classic Roald Dahl stories like The Witches,
Matilda, Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory and Chitty Chitty Bang
Bang (the movie script) comes this feature version of the top selling
children's novel. Forget all the hype, marketing and rigmarole
surrounding the movie and just watch a great fun modern fantasy story.This comment is based purely on the movie alone; as I haven't read the
books. The leads are well cast; with Daniel Radcliffe showing great
poise in the title role; and Rupert Grint providing great comedy as
Weasley (who seems to get the bulk of the fun dialogue); and Robbie
Coltrane practically steals the show as Hagrid.The set pieces are very well executed; particularly the ball game (very
reminiscent of the Ben Hur chariot race or Phantom Menace pod race);
and the boy out of control on the broom (I LOVE the way the broom
bounces off the buildings!).This story seems to tap into the traditions of Old English school
novels like Tom Brown's School Days; and there also seems to be a hint
of satire of the English class system. The one disappointing thing I
felt with this film was the contrived way the school house won the
contest at the end. I think it might have been a bit more mature to
have the rival win, and show you can't win at everything all the time.
(but then, I'm probably just an old, cynical muggle!). All in all,
great fun modern entertainment well worth watching.
			

When I went to see this movie I went with 2 pre-teens and 2 over 70s. We
all
came out raving (Although one of the over 70s blames Harry Potter for sore
hips for a month.)
The special effects were great and the cast were perfect. J. K. Rowling's
input shows as the film is mostly faithful to the book. An enjoyable
outing
all round and one I recommend.

			

watching this movie was like being inside the book...
i know harry potter books  by heart and even though there were some changes
it was a really lovely (worth watching) movie...
hope you will enjoy it.
i can hardly wait for the next movie :)
			

Harry Potter is a movie that has been read by many children and for many of
them seeing the film is giving them the chance to see something that they
have an image of because of the book. This doesn't mean that children will
hate this film as it's brilliant.
 The acting is quite good and the whole thing has been made superbly, but
what will adults see in the film?
 They will see a children's film and they will enjoy it as it's enjoyable
for anyone, but they won't gloat and shine as much as children and may find
that they really only want to see it once.
 Whatever age you are, this is a great film and will probably become a
classic in the Family genre, but there's the fact that it's really just a
remake of a book which gives you the feeling that your just watching another
film that shows a lot of special effects and not any plot. This is wrong as
there is a plot but you just get that feeling.4 out of
5.
			

HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S STONE (2001) Rating: 9/10I must say that you don't have to be a fan of the books in order to fully
appreciate this film. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that you might
appreciate it even more if you haven't read the book (the three people I
saw
it with loved it just as much as me, a person who has read the book). For
one, you have no idea what's going to happen, so everything is
unpredictable. And two, whatever is left out of the book wont bother you.
Having said that, I wont compare and analyze the book and film to death,
like so many others have done already because as a stand-alone film, it's
pretty amazing.The casting is something along the lines of ideal. Rupert Grint is ideal
as
Ron, the clownish chess friend with a heart of gold, and Emma Watson IS
Hermione, from her brainy smugness to her fierce loyalty. Daniel
Radcliffe,
as the courageous but modest orphan with extraordinary abilities, is
utterly
captivating. Harry lives, thanks to this talented twelve-year-old. The
chemistry and friendship between the three is undeniable. Robbie Coltrane
IS
Hagrid, the lovable giant with a fondness for dangerous creatures. Alan
Rickman is sufficiently creepy and sinister as Professor Snape. Crisp,
stern
Professor McGonagall is brought most believably to life by Maggie Smith,
while John Cleese does a delightful, if brief, turn as Sir Nicholas de
Mimsy-Porpington, the ghost who haunts Harry's dormitory. John Hurt has a
splendid, though again short, appearance as an eccentric wand-maker, Zoe
Wanamaker is wonderfully spirited as flying teacher Madam Hooch and I
enjoyed Ian Hart and Richard Harris as Professor Quirrel and Headmaster
Albus Dumbledore, respectively.Chris Columbus and Steve Kloves did a great job of bringing the story of a
modern-day boy-wonder from the pages of Rowling's incredible book to life.
Columbus clearly has a knack for directing children, he shows it here as
well as in the Home Alone flicks and Mrs. Doubtfire. And since I had
recently seen (and liked) Wonder Boys, a film which Steve Kloves had
adapted
and earned an Oscar nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay, I had faith in
his ability to adapt books into films. Most of the important events are
there, with one or two new episodes to replace large amounts of text,
which
works just as well.As for the visual effects, they were pretty slick. I've read many reviews
in
which people have thought that the effects were bad. But, I enjoyed them a
lot and thought the best use of them was in the Quidditch scene. It was
fast, loud and damnit, it was just cool! I liked it.Overall, highly enjoyable and entertaining. The cast was great, the
direction was great, the visuals were sharp and the screenplay was
well-adapted. The score by John Williams is memorable as well and every
time
I here the theme, it gives me goosebumps.
			

My first impression of this film was the richness of the photography and the
flawlessness of the graphic effects.  Other than that, all the characters
were perfectly cast, brilliantly acted and the story treated very well. 
There was very little missing from the book which surprised me greatly.It is immensely entertaining whether you are a Harry Potter devotee or
not.My advice is GO AND SEE IT, especially if you like to be entertained.  And
it was all done without bad language and Hollywood violence - what is the
world of entertainment coming to!
			

     When I first heard that they were making this into a movie I groaned,
how on earth could a movie be anywhere near as good as the book?  I really
didn't want to see it, but my dad (yes my dad!) wanted to go so I went with.
 I was pleasantly surprised, the movie was delightful.     For the most part the casting was good (2 grievances:  I pictured Prof.
McGonagall to be fortyish-so I thought Maggie Smith was a little old for the
part-she did a fine job though; and Rickman wasn't quite how I'd pictured
Snape).  The cinematography and scenery were beautiful.  Like a lot of fans
of the books I was pointing out things that were different or had been left
out, but the changes didn't hurt the movie.  The movie didn't really drag at
all, in fact when we were leaving the theatre I looked at my watch and
couldn't believe that it had been over 2 hours.  Nowadays movies run about
90 minutes, but I honestly couldn't tell it was a longer
movie.     Seeing the movie made me want to re-read the books and I did so. 
Hopefully those who haven't already read them will want to once they've seen
the film.  And the books aren't just for kids (especially the last one which
has several scenes that deal with torture and murder, among other things). 
I'm in my twenties and my dad is almost sixty and we both thoroughly enjoyed
the books and he even enjoyed the movie more than I.  Go see it (with or
without your kids!).
     
     
			

This is a great adaptation of a great book. The only thing missing were
the
extra bits and pieces that build certain characters for the next couple of
books, but seeing as how it was so long anyway it would be difficult to
justify keeping things like that in.
			

I had never read any of the Harry Potter books before watching this movie.
My mother read all four, and I always made fun of her. I said it was
"child's play" (I'm 18). This was one of the most entertaining movies that
I
have seen in a LONG time. The last few years, there have been too many
weak
films that you never remember a month later. Harry Potter is one that will
stick in my mind for a long time. I have now read all four books, and I'm
looking forward to "Chamber of Secrets" next fall!!!
			

Next to "The Mummy Returns", "Harry Potter" is the second best film of the
year.  It's 2 1/2 hour running length didn't hinder my enjoyed in the
slightest.  This is  a wonderfully imaginative film, which is scary in the
just right places, but not too scary.  It knows its limits, and that's
what
makes the film work.
			

What can I say?
As a movie, it's beautiful. Very well made, and following the book fairly
well. For those of you who read the book, try not to be disappointed when
they occasionally manage to screw up minor details.One of the best things with this movie is the actors. They really found
the
best, and it's fun to see that the characters hasn't been to compromised
during the making.
...I wish a was a kid all over again. I have a feeling I would have loved it
even more. 
			

I never read any of the Harry Potter books, but found this to be a very
entertaining movie, with charming characters, and very high production
values.  I know it's supposed to be a children's book, but I'm over 60 and
it kept up my interest from beginning to end!  I will probably buy the DVD
and look forward to the next installment.
			

J.K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" books have created a sensation among young
readers all over the world.  This movie, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's
Stone" is based on the first of what will be seven.  I found it an excellent
movie, with a lot of great visuals.  I have not read any of the books, but
from what I understand, a lot of details were left out, although the movie
stayed faithful to the original text.  And I appreciate that Chris Columbus
did not Americanize the story, as I believe many other directors would have
done.  A lot of good choices were made in casting, such as Robbie Coltrane
as Hagrid, Richard Harris as Dumbledore and Alan Rickman as Snape.  All in
all, this movie is a modern fairy tale and an instant classic.
			

This movie met all of my expectations.  I did think that I had an advantage
because I had read the book.  It brought the movie together.  I think that
the actors did an excellent job portraying their characters.  I really
enjoyed how everything came alive and was very true to my mind's eye.  From
Harry to Snape the characters were like I had imagined them.  Good job Chris
Columbus!
			

After having just seen "Lord of the Rings", my judgement was clouded in the
wake of the awesomeness of the special effects of the Tolkien story. I
couldn't help but compare the two, but Harry Potter was fun, even though I
found the young actor VERY wooden. Why did the director tolerate the
soulless smiling and lifeless eyes from young Daniel?  It's as if they were
looking for that exact factor in the title role. He seemed like he was
totally intimidated by the project he was involved with. He started to warm
up toward the end, and unlike most films, Harry Potter got better as it
rolled along. The most touching scene was the one where Harry sees his
parents in the mirror and the chess game was mind-blowing. All the other
actors were terrific, and I love the great English actors on hand, Richard
Harris, Maggie Smith, and my favorite of all time Alan
Rickman!!See the film but make sure to read the book first!
			

I am not a great fan of the book (it is a children's book and I am not a
child).  I had begun reading it before the movie but never finished it.  I
went to the movie simply because my family wanted to go.  What can I say,
the movie was magnificent.  The acting was flawless, from Harry to Snape to
Dumbledore to Hagrid.  The sets had a perfect feel to them.  The experience
of Harry seeing the magical world was seeing him finding everything new,
wonderful, amazing yet somehow right, the way things should be, the place
he
belonged.Many people have been comparing Harry Potter to Lord of the Rings.  This is
not a proper comparison.  Harry Potter is on a much smaller scale while
LOTR
is an epic.  You may as well compare Citizen Kane to Lawrence of
Arabia.This is a movie I would happily recommend.  It is the first well done
complete fantasy I have ever seen (Star Wars isn't fantasy ... and Indiana
Jones is but in a different way).  It helps having a child with you but is
not necessary.To everyone involved in the movie, well done.  I liked it better than the
book.
			

The movie was generally ok, but it seemed as though they had erased lots of
the movie out: but it still seemed far too long. The cast was good as
Robbie
Coltrane pulled the act of Hagrid off very well, as did the
children.
			

I can't entirely agree with kylopod (kylopod@aol.com) that the movie doesn't
completely do the book the justice it needs.  To me, the movie never
"dragged" at points, but was seamless.  The book on the otherhand was boring
for quite a bit of it.  The Quidditch scenario was much more interesting on
film than on paper (although I would have liked the speech given by Wood to
his team in the film; but certain cuts must be made I guess).I think the movie is great for anybody whether or not you've read the books.
 If you're a die-hard for the books you are probably going to be upset--yet
I just can't see why for the life of me.  If you're a Tolkeinite you should
love this movie as it's interesting to see something many of us oppose so
openly be so good and entertaining.
			

I have never read, or as much as picked up, any of the Harry Potter books.
Still, I went to see this movie with my 21-year-old sister and my
11-year-old brother.
The movie serves as a good introduction to the world of Harry Potter. At
first, before they get to Hogwarts, everything seemed to simply be
underlining that Harry is a wizard without knowing it, but once in Hogwarts,
the movie really starts to get interesting.
Severus Snape and Quirrel seemed like fascinating characters. I particularly
like the scene down in the dungeons, but telling more about that would be
spoiling the movie.
There were many scenes in this movie that reminded me of other movies. The
scene where the owls surround the house reminded me of Hitchcock's "The
Birds". The scene where the bookshelf drawers fly out reminded me of
"Ghostbusters". The scene with the shifting staircases reminded me of
M.C.Escher's paintings.
Perhaps this movie *should* be viewed before reading any of the books, that
way you can spend your time enjoying the plot instead of criticising the
adaption.

			

I went into this movie somewhat concerned about whether the subject matter
would be offensive to me or anyone else who took religion seriously. I am
quite aware that in western culture we tend to overlook many issues that
conflict with historical (and conservative) religious viewpoints. Halloween
would be a great example.However, as I watched this movie I realized that considering the absence of
any direct references to God or to the Devil, everything else was pretty
much fair game. Furthermore, I had to ask myself why would this movie be
offensive and yet evil, non human entities such as the Klingons or the Borg
aren't. And, I couldn't come up with an answer. So, I look at it as a modern
day fantasy (which it is) set in London that isn't all that much different
than a futuristic science fiction movie about the struggle between good and
evil.Once I was over that issue, I could examine the movie on its merits. I had
no idea how long it was until someone told me the time after the movie. I
thought it was probably 2 hours, but I was surprised to hear it was over 2
1/2 hours. That clearly is a positive because it meant I wasn't
bored.The movie is extremely well crafted and the special effects are first rate.
I was reminded of so many other movies as I watched it from Superman to the
Wizard of Oz. But, it was about as unique a movie as you could ever hope to
see. Having not read the book (a ridiculous waste of time when I can get it
all for just a 2 1/2 hour investment), I had no idea how fantastic was/is
the imagination of JK Rowling. How anyone could create an entire world such
as this is remarkable - to say the least. Really, the Einstein of
imagination.One other thing. I noticed that the best two women groups in IMDB were under
18 years old and over 45 years old. And, the best men group is over 45 years
old. That also is remarkable. It says that a story about a young boy in a
fantasy world is liked as much or more by geezers such as myself. And, when
you add the fact that ALL kids want to see it, you have the makings of a
mega hit - perhaps the biggest of all time.
			

"Harry Potter" was simply delightful and full of adventure.  I recommend it
for everyone.  "Potter" is not all hype but a robust, mystery tale of
witches and sorcerers who use magic for good.  Harry himself was a victim of
evil and grew up in a loveless family environment.  It's interesting to see
how well adjusted he becomes as he takes on his rightful position in life. 
A must see!
			

Being a major fan of the series, I thought the movie was extremely
dissapointing. The following I liked:1. Robbie Coltrane (oh, he stole the show as hagrid! he was exactly how I
imagined him)
2. The scenery (gorgeous and most of it matched what I
imagined)
3. Music (I love John Williams)
4. Rupert Grint. Out of the three child stars, he did the best
job.
5. The Quidditch scene (well, even though the CGIS stuck out like a sore
thumb, it was still interesting)
6. Alan Rickman
7. The Ollivander's scene (Well, I love how they did Diagon
Alley)But there rest of it was... well... flat. I can't honestly expect someone
like Chris Columbus (Why him, of all directors?!) to take such a lovely
book, and expect a good movie. It was trouble from the start. They didn't
really capture what I love about the book, but instead gave a series of
special effects that weren't really breathtaking or ground breaking. And
it's sickening to think of all the merchendising that comes along with this
franchise. It's not needed to sell the books. Heck, me and all my other HP
friends don't even care for most of the junk they've put on the shelves. The
books alone are enough to sell without a bad movie and merchandise. *hugs
her books*they're special enough, and I cry over the fact that the movie is
so degrading to the book. Please, don't judge by the movie. Read the books.
Your imagination is much better then a movie screen.5/10
			

Skim through the comments, talk to friends, and you'll find out: this is a
movie designed for those who have already read the book.  The director C.
Columbus has focused on giving us visual interpretations of the scenes,
persons and monsters J.K. Rowling described in her story at the expense of
her humour, subtle plot twists, and character development, particularly of
Harry.  The plot line of Harry's solving the mystery of the Philosopher's
Stone (that's the REAL name of the thing--ask any alchemist) is emphasized
to the detriment of the more subtle plot of Harry's struggle to achieve
self-confidence and a feeling of belonging after his abusive upbringing with
the Dursleys.For those who have already read the book, all of these gaps are filled in
from their reading.  The result is that almost all enjoyed the film
(although the book was better) except those few whose mental images were
impaired or who couldn't understand that some things had to be left out if
the film was to be a watchable length.Of those who watched the film without reading the book first, the missing
plot points and character development either makes them wish they had read
the book first, and to vow to remedy that defect without delay, or to sneer
at these faults because they cannot be solved within the context of the film
without radically deviating from the books themselves.  While it may in some
cases be fair to say that a film should stand on its own, this one was never
meant to do so.  It is an illustration to a novel.  It should be viewed on
this level or not at all.The upshot is, if you plan to see this movie, READ THE BOOK FIRST!!!  You
are much more likely to enjoy the film.  Also, do not be confused by the
hype or spin-off merchandising.  The success of the Harry Potter novels is
based exclusively on their merit as books and that success was
well-established long before there was any hype or franchising.  Only those
both ignorant and cynical would attribute the notoriety of the stories to
hype or franchising.  Ask any kid who has read them.
			

I think that this is an excellent movie, although some elements of the book
that should have remained, were removed.  I think that the acting was
scratchy at some points (by the kids), but with future movies it will
improve.  This movie is one for all ages, races and backgrounds, as it
teaches the importance of friendship, loyalty, and teamwork.
			

Gorgeous. That's what i remember as a skin impression. A movie to see three
or four times or possibly more, to enjoy every visual detail. Oddly enough,
if you DID read the book before you enjoy the movie better... opposit to
what happens usually. This because the only possible flaw i can spot is -
the plot is maybe a bit hurried. But what do i care, i DID read the book
first! So i passed 150 minutes of total, relaxing visual banquet. Exactly
how i depicted it in my fantasy, or maybe even better.
			

Having read the books several times, as I always do before seeing any movie
made after a well-known book, I thoroughly enjoyed this representation. The
second time I saw it I tried to think of just the movie, without comparing
it to the book. Clearly, this a difficult task, because it's not easy to
just forget what you know. I think I enjoyed the movie even more the second
time, though I can't say for sure that it was for that
reason.As any avid reader will tell you, movies always omit things from the books.
However, everyone will see certain details as being more or less
significant, and therefore be more or less satisfied with the way the movie
turns out.The omitted portions and details seemed well-chosen, with one exception: I
would have liked to see Hermione solve Professor Snape's logic puzzle with
the seven bottles. I thought Hagrid should have been even larger than he
was, though Robbie Coltrane played the role perfectly. All in all it was a
very entertaining movie that did a pretty good job of conveying the story
I'd already read.
			

After reading the book, the first question that comes in mind about a movie
about it is: what for ? Why should anyone want to watch the movie after
reading the book ?This was my first and foremost question, before I even saw the actual movie.
With it I walked watching the actual picture, and it certainly had an answer
for it.Where should I start ? Where stop ?The cast to Harry Potter is simply unbelievable good, the primus inter pares
of strengths of this movie. Harry, Hermione, Ron and Hagrid simply got the
right actors, which fit to their roles as perfectly natural as Angelina
Jolie to Lara Croft ("Tomb Raider"), or Hugh Jackman to Wolvenrine
("X-Men"). And that in four roles at the same time ! Snape got Alan Rickman
("Galaxy Quest", "Dogma" etc), which looks only like a very bad choice until
you've seen him, words are simply not enough to describe his simply genial
acting here ! Definitely the best actor of the movie, which had no lack of
good actors. The rest of the cast was extremely well chosen, and well acted,
too. If at all, Dudley wasn't fat enough, and his role was far more
aggressive than in the book, and well I always thought of Draco as being far
more charismatic.The other parts of the movie was just as good. Acting was very good to
brilliant, directing etc was good, effects where wonderful: for example,
Quidditch matches looked as real as they possibly could, even if I would
have liked to see some more uses of slow motion here. A specialist told me
that the sorting hat wasn't completely perfect, but I didn't noticed that
(except that it was definitely smaller than in the book).After seeing the movie for the first time, I was a little bit surprised that
Daniel Radcliffe get bad comments from some people. I've checked this again
when seeing the movie the second time, and I definitely and wholeheartedly
disagree. Harry looks a little stunned at the start of the movie, but thats
what one would expect - he tries not to get the attention of the Dursleys,
plus they don't care about his feelings, and then Hagrid comes and tells him
he is a wizard ! Harry's acting is just right at these places, I cannot
imagine it done better.The same goes for anyone commenting bad on either Ron or Hermione. These
three are all simply natural ! Just look at real children, they don't have a
broader set of expressions either. It is just like it should
be.Other people comment that the movie is just too faithful to the book, and
that that is 'boring'. I strongly disagree, I don't want to see a movie
about the book where some 'genius' has changed the plot. That would be
completely annoying, upset me, and makes no sense. And, for example, do you
ever remember a bad comment about a Shakespeare movie because they stick to
the original plot ?The real problem of the movie was time famine. Many funny parts of the book
where left out, and many scenes, especially at the start, where simply too
short to include the humor of the original book. To really understand and
enjoy the movie, one REALLY should have read the book before
!And that was also the answer to my question at the start: this movie is
finally incomplete, it cannot replace the reading, but it can give you the
pictures you had on the inside while reading it again, and
faithfully.GREAT !!! I've seen it three times now, and I plan to see it again
!
			

Wow. That's all I have to say.  A wonderful adaptation of one of the best
books I've read in a long time. However, I can't wait for the sequels. As
great as Sorcerer/Philosopher's Stone is, it's the "worst" of the series,
with Prisoner of Azkaban being my favorite. Christian Bale as Sirius Black?
I'll keep my fingers crossed...but I digress. I thought that they put as
much of the book as they possibly could into the movie, which also worries
me...all the books get continually longer, and the first movie was already 2
1/2 hours long, AND they cut all the scenes with Peeves AND pretty much the
entire Norbert storyline. BUT STILL...Alan Rickman is brilliant as always,
Richard Harris is very good as Dumbledore, and the rest of the cast I have
no complaints about. Great job, Chris. Just don't screw up the rest of the
series, ya hear????
			

Casting was excellent. Especially Harry, Hermione and Hagrid were exactly
as
I had imagined.John Williams didn't succeed as well as I had expected with the score. I
had
hoped for a perky little Harry Potter -theme to show up and evolve during
the series of movies to come. There probably was a theme for every
character, but nothing like in the first Star Wars -trilogy!
			

The only regret I have about HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE is
that I'm not ten years old anymore.  Alas, I'm double that age (still
young,
obviously!!), and only discovered the wonder of Harry Potter, Hogwarts and
Quidditch eighteen months ago.  Of course, I've since purchased all four
novels and two supplementaries (FANTASTIC CREATURES and QUIDDITCH), and
have
just seen the film, which opened five days ago here.  Yes, I suppose we
had
our own books and films when we were children (including FINDERS KEEPERS,
TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES, BATMAN, THE WITCHES), but nothing which
united
(nearly) everyone, and appealed to parents and older children as much as
HARRY POTTER.  The simplicity of the concept is, of course, the key: it's
a
fairly formulaic plot, with semi-predictable twists (of course, I'm
speaking
more from an adult point of view here) and the subject matter is something
which will continue to fascinate children for generations to come - magic.
The film is, in my opinion, the best possible outcome of attempting to
adapt
the novel: the Quidditch game is spot-on, the child actors are well-cast
(even if they do try to overact in places, but one has to expect this),
the
magic of Hogwarts Castle and Hogwarts Express and the invisibility cloak
is
definitely there.  Some have accused it of dragging in the middle - I must
say I was expecting this, being a part-Hollywood production and nearly 150
minutes long, but I never experienced it: I was obviously too preoccupied
with the wonder and magic of it all.  I couldn't help thinking how I would
have reacted to such a film ten years ago: I would have surely been in
heaven.  The real magic of the story is, of course, Rowling's promotion of
"dorky" behaviour, which has been victimised in the last fifteen years
from
Americanised "satirical" TV series (THE SIMPSONS, SOUTH PARK, etc...) and
general irresponsibility by marketers aiming their products at children.
For example, children as young as seven and eight are worrying about
"image"
- boys must have short spikey blonde-tipped hair like the boy-bands, and
girls must dress like Brittney: they are being forced to grow up far too
quickly, and are exposed to images etc which have detracted from
traditional
children's stories...until now.  Ten-year-olds don't listen to Peter
Coombe
anymore, because there's no such performer out there: youngsters still
have
The Wiggles, and Hi-Five is doing its best, but acts like Brittney Spears
&
Co. have broken into this (very lucrative) age bracket - kids must now act
like teenagers, another culture which didn't exist pre-rock'n'roll.  But
with texts like HARRY POTTER, MONSTERS INC, A SERIES OF UNFORTUNATE
EVENTS,
etc..., kids can be kids again: it's becoming accepted once more.  Hell,
HARRY POTTER promotes reading, playing chess, intelligence, initiative -
and
glasses (!!), five things which have certainly been "outlawed" in the past
decade by THE SIMPSONS and SOUTH PARK-style shows.  Rating:
9/10.
			

I'm one of the "holdouts" who hasn't read the books (I like Ursula K.
Leguin's "Earthsea" series, so I figure I'd enjoy this story, although it's
somewhat derivative of "A Wizard of Earthsea").  Anyway, I kept wishing I
was 10 years old when I saw this, because I would have enjoyed it more. 
Still, the film was undeniably magical, the CGI/Special effects weren't
overdone (or were seamless enough to blend in), and the acting was
excellent.Agreed with other reviewers that the film never "soars" and never fully
achieves what it could, but attribute this to squeezing so much plot into
the film's running time.  If this movie is as faithful to the book as I
understand, then it's a rarity -- "Shawshank Redemption" and "The Green
Mile" are two others that manage to be faithful to the book, yet in the
former case somehow outdoes the book (may be the first and only
time).Anyway, I'm rambling.  This film was magical & entertaining, especially for
kids.  I think it suffers only from the fact that expectations were set too
high due to hype, and the unbelievable popularity of the books.  You just
can't expect a film to live up to the potential of the book, especially if
the book is tremendously good -- it's patently unfair to judge a film based
on that criteria.  9/10.
			

A near perfect film.With a run-time of 2 hours and 32 minutes this is an incredible piece of
filmmaking.Though it is sometimes slow it is never ponderous but instead glorious.  It
moves magnificently across the screen like an unstoppable
force.It is never easy to make a film where children act the lead roles but
Director Christopher Columbus achieves it with elegance and style. The characters of Hermione, Ron and, of course, Harry, were all brilliantly
cast, as was the entire rest of the film -- especially Alan Rickman as
Professor Severus Snape.  Wonderful faces and true characters just from the
look of the actors.No amount of screen time or set element is too small; the attention to
detail is superb and the overall feel' of the film evokes the magic and
sense of awe and wonder that it should.It is magnificently photographed.  The scenes at Alnwick Castle in
Northumberland, in the U.K. could not have been a better location -- it is
truly wondrous.The score by the master of film music, John Williams, is haunting and
plaintive when it should be and stirring, robust and inspiring when the
scene calls for it.The special effects are genius: worked into the story and adding to it but
never detracting from it.  This is after all a story about
magic!The lighting was inspired: the perfect interplay of light and shadow leaving
just the right touch to the imagination; and in one scene when a character
says It all became blackness' the screen flashes to white.This is a film as much for adults as it is for children: there are some
scary parts and some ironic humour and some clever word play. All in all Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is going to be one of the
classics of filmmaking; I can't wait for the sequel.
			
How sad it is to begin the reader's comments with a whining,
complaining, drone against everything about this movie. Why not pick a
balanced view. Good grief! Did someone poison your dog? It made it
sound like this doesn't compare favorably with "Hamburger: The Movie."
I am a over fifty years old and thought I would be pretty lukewarm to a
"kids" movie. I have been listening for a year to kids raving about the
Harry Potter books. Their eyes light up--they are enthused about a
"book." When I went to see it, I had just read the book the night
before because I like to see how they translate. The script was
delightful. The characters were charming. The acting in this movie is
wonderful--were you expecting Bergman? The pacing is delightful. The
sets are eerie and forbidding. I thought that the wonderment of the
characters was there in full force. Who did you have in mind to play
Harry? Are there any actors that you approve of? Perhaps Kevin Spacy
should have played Harry. How about the blond girl from American Beauty
as Hermione. Johnny Depp as Ron Weasley. Oh yeah--as I recall, Stephen
Spielberg has made a couple of pretty decent movies.We are introduced to the Harry Potter canon as he becomes a foundling,
taken into a family that mistreats him and has no respect for his
general goodness. Of course, they pay a price for their insensitivity
and Harry takes the magical journey to enroll at Hogwarts. It is
obvious that his coming has great import for everyone. He meets Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger and they begin a quest to locate the
Sorcerer's Stone. We find out about Voldemort and the curse that hangs
over Hogwarts, going back centuries. We are also introduced to Quiddich
which will be a staple for all episodes. Harry also must struggle with
what happened to his parents and, like Frodo in "Lord of the Rings,"
his quest and what it means. Outstanding film.
			

Lovingly and lavishly done. If you are a Harry Potter or fantasy fan, by
all
means, see it early so that you can come back for seconds and perhaps even
thirds. This one had our whole family talking for days on end and not just
about the special effects either.
			

Not since Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird" was adapted for the screen
have I seen such a loving rendition of a book into a movie--"Harry Potter
and the Sorcerer's Stone" has (book author) Rowling's motherly
fingerprints
all over it, thank goodness, and has mercifully avoided the Hollywood
"hipper than thou" standard.  Chris Columbus is to be congratulated for
making a movie with real heart.  Although some concessions necessarily had
to be made in the script, the spirit as well as the letter of the book is
wonderfully captured.Some highlights--first of all, the children are wonderfully cast.  Harry
has
that elusive blend of geekiness and charm, and Hermione, Ron, and even
Neville and Malfoy are believable but not precious. Commenting as a
grown-up
fan, I can say that Alan Rickman brought a dimension to Professor Snape
that
was both surprising and intriguing--rather than playing a cookie-cutter
villain, he brought ambiguity to the role with a physicality and sheer
animal magnetism that left me a bit breathless (and scrambling to find his
other movies).  And yes, Hagrid practically steals the
show.Kudos to John Williams for a score that enchants but doesn't overpower,
and
to the special effects wizards for making everything look truly magical.
However, the most satisfying thing about this movie is that the writing is
intelligent and the actors are allowed to develop their
characters--something that is increasingly rare.  I believe that the
success
of Harry Potter on screen and in print is because people really and truly
still want good stories.  IF YOU WRITE IT, THEY WILL COME!
			

Like most people I was really worried about a number of things. First, of
course, wether the movie would (or could) remain faithful to the book. This
was not too bad. It was a pity for me that they didn't keep in all of the
details, but I can understand this, because it would turn into a 5 or 6-hour
movie if they would, and that, of course, is way too long.
Second, I also had my doubts about the director, yet then again, his
Home-Alone-films are great for children. Critics may dislike this kind of
movie, but children don't, so why worry about that?
Bu I would not like to see Harry Potter turn into a boy who starts crying
his eyes out every three minutes. Fortunately, he didn't. Good for
him.
Third, the special effects. I have seen a lot of movies, with or without
special effects, and from my point of view, they're rather disappointing.
Therefor, I was absolutely satisfied with the effects of the troll and the
quidditch-match. 
Fourth, the actors. I think nobody looks more like Harry Potter than Daniel
Radcliffe. For a child actor, his acting is great. But my favorite is Rupert
Grind as Ron Weasly. He is exactly like portrayed in the book. Emma Watson,
who plays Hermione Granger, looks a but other than I had imagined after
reading the book, but she acts exactly like J.K. Rowling described in her
books. 
Alan Rickman, being one of my personal favorites, is the perfect embodyment
of professor Snape (my favorite in the books!!!). It's a shame he doesn't
get to show how mean he really is. Maggy Smith as professor McGonagal fits
the part perfect, and this also goes for Robbie Coltrane as Rubeus
Hagrid.
Overall, I think this movie will make it to my favorite-list.
9/10
			

I am more than a little surprised to see critics of Harry Potter grousing
about bad chess moves and details from the book being left out. Lighten up.
A movie never includes every detail from a book, nor does it get every small
matter of opinion (i.e. chess strategy) correct. A movie entertains, and
when it comes from a book, it creates a living world that more of less
matches the world the reader had imagined. Harry Potter #1 does a very good
job of bringing this world to the screen.I have read all of the books, so I am aware that my mind may have
automatically filled in details that someone who had not read the books
might be puzzled by. Even so, the movie makes as much sense as a
fantasy/fairy tale can, and you have a good time watching it. I won't get
into the plot because either you already know, or if you don't, trying to
explain it here wouldn't do the movie (or book) justice.I do agree with one criticism that the movie doesn't allow the viewer learn
much about the main characters. The Big Three (Harry, Hermione and Ron) are
pretty much thrust into the movie and you learn what you can from their
actions more than from any exposition. A fourth character, Neville
Longbottom, in particular seems to suddenly appear and disappear and then
appear again rather awkwardly. But again, that's OK. This movie was 2.5
hours long; it included as many details as it could. At some point, reality
dictated that some things be left out. I have a hunch we'll learn more about
these characters in the next movie and beyond.The Quidditch game was far more exciting than the ridiculously slow and
cliched "pod race" in Star Wars" The Phantom Menace. In fact, Harry Potter
is a far better movie all around. It certainly opens a new world of
imagination. It deserves a 9.
			

Excellent movie that appeals to both children and adults as the beautiful
story it is.I saw this movie together with my fiance who had read the four books
released which I havn't. Saying this, I don't have the books to compare
with
(but I ensure you that if I wanted to read them before I want to do it
tenfold after seeing the movie!).I usually find something to complain about, especially panorama scenes
when
you get to see a lot of scenery and buildings. The two things I did found
disturbing in the movie was the computer generated face of Voldemort and
the
centaur in the forest. Apart from this everything was, in short,
beautiful.
Both sceneries, buildings, costumes and creatures.Being twenty-six years of age today I relate to the movies of my youth and
I
am willing to place a bet on that the Harry Potter movies will be for the
children of today's generation what the original Star Wars movies are to
my
generation.Ending my comment, I just want to say that I embrace the movie and I hope
that with the success of Harry Potter and the forthcoming Lord of the
Rings
movies we will see a growing support for great fantasy films, as we havn't
exactly been spoilt with this.
			

Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was a much-anticipated movie and
not just for children but for adults. It's a fantasy story that created a
world of magic and wonder for children and for adults it brought back
something that many of us have lost; our imagination. For those of you who have never read any of the books and have no idea what
this movie is about (what rock have you been under?), this movie is based
off the first book that J.K. Rowling wrote, `Harry Potter and the
Philosopher's Stone'. The story revolves around a young boy that discovers
he's a wizard. All throughout his life, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) has never
been able to explain strange things that happen around him in times of
distress. Living with his aunt and uncle, Harry was forced to be nothing
more than a servant boy. Although they knew what the cause of these
happenings were, they never told Harry and did everything possible to hide
his origins. He was never given any kind of attention except when something
was needed of him. In fact, his bedroom was the `room under the stairs' and
if something strange happened that his aunt or uncle found out about, he
would get locked in his room for days or weeks. On his 11th birthday he
receives a letter indicating that he's been accepted into Hogwarts School of
Wizardry and Magic. Up until this point, Harry had no idea that he was a
wizard or that he was the cause of these `strange' happenings. From this
moment on, his life changes dramatically as he begins a wonderful journey
into the discovery of his abilities and the world of magic.Harry Potter is distinctly British and the worst thing that could have
happened is for Hollywood to get a hold of it and make it through their own
eyes. So when J.K. Rowling rejected the idea of Steven Spielberg directing
it without having British actors (especially the lead actor), it was the
first step to a successful picture. Nothing against Spielberg and I'm a huge
fan of his but this movie depends greatly on the atmosphere that it creates.
And part of that atmosphere was having an old British feel to it. What
really worked well for this movie was that it followed the book very
closely. But then again, anything that strayed from it would have caused
mass criticism from children around the world. However that has never
stopped directors and producers before but in this case, this was a critical
factor and they were true to the book.I was quite surprised to find out that the three lead child actors are
unknowns. In fact, none of them have ever acted and considering that this is
their first movie, I think they did an admirable job. Radcliffe, who plays
Potter, fits the physical description of Harry Potter to a `T' and his
acting is not bad. The young lady who plays Hermione Granger (Emma Watson
II) plays the `Miss Know-it-all' quite well although at some points she goes
over the top a bit but that's something you have to expect from
inexperienced actors. Rupert Grint plays Ron Weasley, the goofy, smart
mouthed friend of Potter and Granger. I actually found him quite
entertaining to watch. With the way the books are written and the success
that this movie has had so far, we can all assume that there will be other
Harry Potter movies so I'm sure we'll see these three actors again and only
see better and better performances as they gain experience.The rest of the cast is a `who's who' of actors. With seasoned actors like
Robbie Coltrane, John Cleese, Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith,
etc. it is near impossible to have poor performances. All of these actors
played their parts beautifully and true to the characters developed by
Rowling. It also helps that they looked like they really got into their
parts and the world they were trying to create. I was especially impressed
with Rickman's role as Professor Snape, the dark, brooding teacher of
potions. The books description of this character is mysterious, moody and a
bit slimy and Rickman pulls that off flawlessly. The one last element that really made this movie was the computer graphics.
This is one movie that really required computers to create this world. Like
Star Wars, this movie is in a time and place that is unfamiliar to the
audience hence its ability to create reality is imperative.There is one thing about this movie that I have to mention. It is long. At
two and a half hours, this will be a long sit for children so make sure they
have gone to the bathroom beforehand. The other thing is that for those
adults who have read the books, the movie will feel long. Because the movie
follows the book so closely, you know exactly what is going on and how much
further the story has to go before the movie comes to an end. I was watching
this movie with my sister and brother in-law and their reactions to it were
quite different. My sister, who read the book beforehand, while still
enjoying it immensely, like I found it rather long. For my brother in-law
who's never read the books, found the two and a half hours flash by. So my
advice is that for you adults who haven't read the book but are thinking
about it, watch the movie first before you read the book or else the movie
will feel really long. It won't really matter for the children if they've
read the books or not; they'll be fascinated by everything they've read
about come to life on the see on the screen. Overall, I really enjoyed this movie. It was magical and wondrous and
definitely suitable for children and adults. In fact the show that I went to
was mostly adults. Happy wizarding!

			

I loved this movie.  I rate it 10 out of 10.  I think that people go way
to
much by the book and don't enjoy it for what it really is, a movie!  I
won't
tell you any parts of the movie but to just go see it. It's
great!
			

This is very good movie! My adult son and I went to see it on Thanksgiving
night.  There were no kiddies in the movie, only adults, a sleeping child,
and some teenage girls.  This movie is really a fantasy that adults will enjoy.  First, the cast is
all British and Irish.  It is good that American actors were not considered
for this film.  Because, we "Yanks" would not know how to properly act with
that British-aire!  It's a good thing we speak the same language because it
would be difficult to follow along in English subtitles!  Wonder how the
rest of the world is truly understanding this film with subtitles or voice
overs in the local language?Anyway, you don't have to have read any of the Harry Potter books to enjoy
this film.  And, maybe that's a good thing.  I wasn't interested in a
fantasy story of some 11 - 12 year old children to have read any of the
books.  But, as a movie, it does make for a good story.I won't bother "telling" the story or commenting on some of the tricks of
the trade.  My only real criticism is that I had difficulty understanding
some of the dialog of the young child actors due to their soft spoken
diction and my lack of familiarity with certain spoken phrases and styles of
British speech.  Also, as Yanks, many of us don't meet people sporting these
uniquely British surnames.  It was only when I saw the cast list on
www.IMDB.com that I could understand these characters' last
names.12-year old Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe), his 11-year old friend-girl
Hermione Granger (Emma Watson), and his friend-boy Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint
- age not listed in IMDB) are people with magical powers. They are recruited into the freshman class (6th grade?) at an "Oxford-style"
University of Wizard Training!  Remember, it is the British lifestyle that
this book/film depicts.  Like Oxford, a school composed of a number of
distinct colleges, the Wizard U has four different "houses" or colleges
where the wizards in training are placed according to some inner wizardry
ability.  You see this school rivalry by the different colors of scarfs,
banners, and neckties the children wear.  In the beginning of the movie, we have a sort of borrowed Cinderella story. 
Harry Potter, an orphan, is living with his wicked stepparents and wicked
cousin until he grows up enough to enter the Hogwart's Wizard School!  One
wants to smack mean-wicked Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths) and Aunt
Petunia Dursley (Fiona Shaw) as well as cousin Dudley Dursley (Harry
Melling) for their meanness to young Harry Potter.  Young Melling acts like
Augustus Gloop the overeater and "piggy" from "Willie Wonka and the
Chocolate Factory."  He gets his "in the end."Veteran performances by 71 year old Irish actor Richard Harris as the
Headmaster Albus Dumbledore (see what I said about "British" names?) and 67
year old Dame Maggie Smith as Professor/Deputy Headmistress Minerva
McGonagall were a pleasure to view.  This proves that there are good roles
for older career seasoned actors/actresses.55 year old Alan Rickman has great facial expressions and one look from him
and you feel you are "guilty" of some long lost childhood prank just
discovered. Mr. Rickman should have had an expanded role and more speaking
lines.  51 year old Robbie Coltrane plays a major role as the Gamekeeper
Rubeus Hagrid.  One will like the Hogwart's schools traditional sports rivalry in the form
of a "cricket" style match with young wizards flying full speed on enchanted
witches brooms!  One wanted to laugh when Harry Potter receives a "gift" of
a Nimbus 2000 Model super-flying broom!  Why don't the other kids in this
college have one like it?  A bit of a sticky wicket, ay?There are lots of computer-generated graphic interfaces in this film.  And,
it helps to tell the story.  I enjoyed the travel back in time to maybe 18th
Century England where Hagrid takes Harry to purchase his special wizard
"school supplies."  Humm, all the characters here are wizards and Harry
begins to learn that he is famous and "expected."Later into the film, we have what is reminiscent of the "quest" as in
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.  What kinds of "powers" do ruby-red
stones have, anyway?  I suppose, that in subsequent films, and as Harry and his friendship group
grows a little older, we will find them involved in more "enchanted
adventures."  If the entire cast remains and grows up in this genre, then a
little romance between Harry and Hermione is needed.  A little innocent hand
holding and a few kisses would help the interaction between these two
characters. Remember "The Wonder Years?" So, if you want to finally see a new movie where you won't second-guess the
next scenes, then, see Harry Potter.  Forget about reading the books if you
have not done so and just enjoy the next six films that may ensue over the
next dozen or so years to come.  Maybe this will become a Thanksgiving
tradition.Forget all the talk-hype about anti-religion, witches, black magic, etc. 
This is a NO HARM fantasy movie.  The "Devil" is not going to invade one's
household.  Just think about Samantha Stevens from "Bewitched" for all those
years we watched her on TV and in reruns.  This movie is that innocent. 
Good triumphs over evil.  Whether you are a wizard or a mortal!OK, so I "told" a bit of the story.  Anyway, it's a "9" and "Two-Thumbs
Up!"
			

Yes, everyone and their mother has commented on this story.  So here's my
two bits.  [bloody Americans can't shut up, can they?!]  As you can see in
the title, I believed that the film was indeed a noble attempt. As a fan with far too much Harry Potter trivia ingrained in my grey matter,
and oddly enough, looking like an adult HP, I am the worst possible movie
goer for this film: a picky and obsessed fanatic.  My comments on the
details:  Harry has GREEN eyes.  I really missed that detail.  And the
Dursleys were far too kind.  They were over-the-top in the book, which added
to the satirical humor that makes Rowling's books so enjoyable.  I did agree
with the cutting of the Norbert scene: it was a small detail touched in
later books, but is unimportant in the storytelling.  I wish that there was
more interaction with the twins.  I did see them as a bit more muscular, but
they were adorable, so I forgave.  And Captain Oliver .. WOOF!  'nuff said. 
But enough of that.The story overall was very faithful.  The film lagged only when changes were
made.  The Quiddich game was a spectacular treat, BUT it was a bit over the
top.  Shades of Home Alone, of course.  But I can forgive that, because it
was a spectacular event.  The attacking keys were a bit much for me in the
end.. more Home Alone.  Harry was a bit too mean in the beginning.  Part of
the joy of the Harry Potter is that it is a coming of age story.  He begins
as a quiet, weak little boy, thrust into a world of magic.  And
misconceptions are given of the Dursleys.  Duddley-wudkins jumping on the
staircase forcing Harry to join them for his birthday?  The hatred between
them wasn't as clear as it could have been.  Malfoy was well done, though a
distinct sexual desire/tension could be felt.  Interesting.  Emma Watson
shines as Hermione Granger.  Though she looks a bit too pretty in my mind. 
But no one's perfect!A note on the special effects:  though some say they stunk, I didn't care
either way. Some moments could have been cut.  The 30 second moving brick
wall could have been cut.  It went on and on.  Just spend five seconds
opening the wall.  That's it.  Finis.  The story is so wonderful that there
is no need to "dazzle" the audience.  Most of the f/x were well done and
spent just enough time.  But the aforementioned effect was my only main
qualm.  The chess game was brilliant!But overall, the film was well done.  It focused much time on the "exciting"
moments, which is fine for a film.  Harry Potter #1 is the weakest book in
the series, in my opinion, anyway.  I'm quite curious as to how they'll be
able to cut down book four though!  EEK.  Anyway, the film is definitely
worth watching.  For HP virgins -- it's worth it as well.  My virginal
friends saw it and loved it as well.  :)  Just go when there won't be
snivelling little brats to halt your joy.
			

The movie was true to the book, which nearly everyone on the planet has
read, so I don't think it's necessary to recap the story for
everyone...just
suffice it to say that I was entranced for two and a half hours and was
hoping all the time that it wouldn't end.I am middle aged, but this is a movie for every man, woman and child and I
encourage everyone to go see it!!!
			

The movie was true to the book, which nearly everyone on the planet has
read, so I don't think it's necessary to recap the story for
everyone...just
suffice it to say that I was entranced for two and a half hours and was
hoping all the time that it wouldn't end.I am middle aged, but this is a movie for every man, woman and child and I
encourage everyone to go see it!!!
			

I should point out that I had only read about 2/3 of the book when Isaw the film, if that matters.  On the whole I found this a faithfuladaptation of the original, despite the necessary conflation andcondensation that inevitably occurs when transferring a novel to afilm.  The characters are true to their literary originals and visuallythe film is a real treat.  Hogwarts is very much as I pictured it whilereading the book and the major roles all seem quite well cast.  Ithink fans of the novels will not be disappointed.Yes, some of Rowling's more adult humor doesn't make it to thescreen, but since that humor derives primarily from her style ofwriting it would be difficult to find a cinematic equivalent.  This is afine effort and a highly entertaining film.
			

For those of us who know the book backwards and forwards, at first glance
the movie may seem a little disappointing.  It's hard to watch the movie
without thinking with each scene "oh, they've cut this out", or "they
changed this a little bit".  Much of the wit in the book - like Lee
Jordan's
hilarious commentary of the quidditch match, and the fight between Harry,
Ron and Draco (and Scabbers!) on the train ride to Hogwarts - is missing in
the film, which is unfortunate.  However, on second viewing, you know what
to expect in the film (and what not to expect), and thus it is much easier
to see the film for the enchantment that it is!  Dazzling sets and special
effects make the film a visual stunner. Daniel Radcliffe excels at bringing
Harry Potter to life, and even better, he has real chemistry with Rupert
Grint's Ron - who, as the comedic relief, steals virtually every scene he's
in - and Emma Watson's Hermione, who nails the character's know-it-all
attitude perfectly.  Chris Columbus - who directed the incredibly awful
"Home Alone" series - wisely avoids sappiness with "Sorcerer's Stone" and
instead captures the dark tone that runs through Rowling's novel.  The
movie-makers have done an excellent job at bringing the first novel in the
Harry Potter series to life.  Can't wait to see what they do with the even
better novel, "Chamber of Secrets"!
			

I was so excited to hear about the Harry Potter movie and I couldn't wait to
see it. When I did, I was very, very satisfied with the results. The movie
sticks to the book so well (without minor scenes), and every image is so
satisfying and enjoyable to watch. The characters practically jump out of
the book and the roles of Harry, Ron and Hermione are very well acted (not
to mention Snape, Dumbledore, McGonagall and the Dursleys). All of the
imagery is so believable, it looks like they didn't use computer graphics at
all! These scenes include the Quidditch game and the large chess match, and
those are only two of the unbelievable scenes. The entire two hours and 30
minutes is so tremendously worth it for all fans of the Harry Potter books,
however the movie is not an excuse for not reading the book. The movie is
amazing and realistic, but it lacks the sense of reading the
book.
			

I'm glad I read (and enjoyed) the book before seeing this movie, because I
think it improved the overall experience. HARRY POTTER AND THE SORCERER'S
STONE is fun for all ages with outstanding acting from just about everyone
involved, likeable characters, beautiful scenery, impressive special
effects, funny jokes and good drama. The THE WIZARD OF OZ (9/10) of this
generation. Highly recommended.9/10
			

The hype and the merchandising were always going to add to the cynicism
with
which some people approached the Harry Potter film itself, as was the
overly-reverential preciousness with which certain adults treated the
book.
(It's excusable in children and young teens, but let's grow up, the rest
of
us!) So if you set all that aside, you're left with two related questions:
does the film capture the essential spirit of the book and is it a
successful screenplay it its own right?My opinion: yes and yes. There were countless moments where the delight I
had experienced in reading the book (I'm an English Literature teacher
who's
excited to see some of his younger pupils reading of their own volition
for
the first time)came back to me with force. At the same time I was hugely
impressed by the way in which Steve Kloves' writing had pared down a
potentially vast screenplay to the story's essence. (Yes, it's still long,
but that's inevitable with the involved nature of Rowling's plotting.)
Comments about favourite bits being left out are understandable, but a
film
is not a visual book - it has to work in its own terms. WHICH THIS DOES -
and the non-Potter-reading friend who accompanied me to the movie agreed
completely.Art design/performances/realisation of Quidditch - it's all been said, so
I'll just mention my two favourite bits - The Mirror of Erised: very
moving,
the final confrontation: as unsettling as in the book.Well done. Keep it sharp for Harry's second year.

			
"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a wonderful movie. This
comes from a Harry Potter illiterate. The story and movie are very
reminiscent of the Star Wars mythology. Orphan Harry has special
gifts-- an undeveloped and natural power. He like Luke Skywalker is the
chosen One. So he must be trained. In Harry's case this takes place at
the Hogwart School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry is to become a
great wizard, like Luke becomes a powerful Jedi. Along the way, we
learn that there is a very powerful and seductive "dark side" to Magic.
Ultimately the path is a choice or perhaps a sacrifice. Harry feels
alone and incomplete-- he yearns for his dead parents. The whole scene
with Harry sitting in front of the Mirror of Erised and speaking with
Richard Harris as Dumbledore (Hogswart Headmaster) made it for me.
Dumbledore says that men have gone mad looking into the Mirror living
their dreams, "...forgetting to live." Great stuff. Looks like the
other books may be darker as Harry seeks out the man responsible for
murdering his parents. Also the message that true magic does not come
from books, rather from friendship, bravery, and ultimately love is
touching. The movie is a magical journey of a hero, Harry. The movie is stunning visually. The John William's music and sound set
the right atmosphere. I gather that director Chris Columbus steered by
the R.K. Rowling's book (from the Steven Kloves screenplay). To his
credit he generates strong performances from his actors. Daniel
Radcliffe (who looks like John Lennon as a boy) is perfect as Harry--
the lonely and courageous boy coming into his own, and finding and
creating a family. Emma Watson as know-it-all, Hermione, all but steals
the movie. Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley is charming and funny. Robbie
Coltrane is great as the protector Hagrid. Alan Rickman is at his
slippery evil best as Prof. Snape. An unusually restrained Richard
Harris is excellent as the Headmaster Dumbledore, the powerful, wise,
and whacky mentor. Maggie Smith as Headmistress McGonagall is great as
the strict and compassionate professor. As one of my friends says--
"Maggie Smith rocks!" "Harry Potter" is total entertainment. I will read the book.
			

(first part spoiler free)Having read (and loved) the entire series so far, overall I was very
pleased
with the first movie result.  For the first two thirds of the movie, I
found
myself grinning like a madman.  My only complaint was that some of the
visual effects were lacking, primarily when they attempted to render human
actions and movements totally in CG.  They did a good job, in the first
2/3
of the movie, of capturing the majority of the book, although non-readers
will likely be confused with some of the story elements.  At the 2/3 mark,
however, it seems as though they just plain *ran out of time* and started
compressing bigger chunks of the story into neatly tied-up packages.  This
was a bit disturbing, as well a good chunk that was removed from the end
of
the story. The climax in general feels oddly placed, as well. These
elements
detracted somewhat from the movie, but not enough for me to dislike it. It
is still wonderfully done and really captures the essence of the book.  I
am
more concerned with how that future movies will turn out, as their stories
are more complex and conform less to removal of plot elements.(spoilers below)My primary complaints are the lack of Norbert as a running story (he's
quickly dealt with in literally 5 minutes)and the deletion of the final
potions room in the end.  I realize that things must have been removed,
but
by this point in the movie, it just felt rushed. Quiddich is generally
well
done, but much of it is CG and looks flat out cartoony at times.

			

I think Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (or Philosopher's Stone,
depending on where you live) will be a classic. It not only stays true to
the book, but the casting is wonderful. Every actor in the movie is
perfect
for their character. Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter is brilliant. Emma
Watson as Hermione Granger and Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley are excellent.
The visual effects are "state of the art technology". Believe me, sitting
in
a dark theater for two and a half hours are absolutely worth every
second.
			

The one name that seems to be on the whole of the western world's lips is
Harry Potter.  The books had been read, the news of the film heard and now
enough people to create over 100 million pounds worth of sales have seen it.
 I, like crate-loads of others have read the book and waited for the film
and I wasn't disappointed.From the moment the John Williams score kicks in at the beginning
(reminiscent of the score that he created for Hook), and the view of an
average road in Britain comes into view the tingling feeling builds of
something so normal-looking can suddenly feel very magical and that is the
key for this film working.The sets and scenery are wonderfully thought out, created and used, with the
correct mix of CG and real locations, costumes and props, especially Alnwick
Castle and Gloucester Cathedral.  This comes as a refreshing change to those
films which use CG to excess or do not use it right.  The highlight of the
CG is the quidditch game, which really does give a good feel of what would
happen.The acting was also superb, with the veterans doing their job brilliantly in
showing the skill that they have without over-powering the younger cast
members.  Richard Harris brings the dignity that was seen in Gladiator when
he played the role of the old emperor; The portrayal of one who knows that
he has the power but does not want to force it on others comes across very
well.  Maggie Smith comes shining through with role of Professor McGonagal,
with Robbie Coltrane being the closest at stealing the thunder away from the
youngsters in his role of Hagrid.And onto the younger cast members.  The pressure that they had to live up to
was handled very well, with Rupert Grint and Emma Watson providing good
supporting roles whilst Daniel Radcliffe carries the role of Harry himself
very well.  There are times at which he does seem to be a little overpowered
by some of the others but this seems to emphasise the position that the
character could be in, of everyone else seeming to know more about him than
he does.  It will be interesting to see how the character has changed by the
next film.The only downside is that due to the level of detail and writing skills of
the author some parts have had to be cut out from the film.  As it is the
film is two an a half hours long and there was still at least another 1
hours-worth of back story which could have been told!  It is an unenviable
position for the screenwriter to be in.  For those who have read the book,
enough is known to leave certain parts out, and the story still making
sense, but then face the wrath of the audience for the parts that are missed
out (mainly pre-Hogwarts), yet for those who have not read the book but want
to see what the fuss is about then some key things may be missed (mainly the
Dursley's going insane [for comical value!) and the real development of
relationships between Harry and his family).It is worth seeing this film if only to complement the imagery of the book. 
All involved have provided exactly what was required to allow the story to
be bought to life without overdoing it; don't use it as a substitute!  Roll
on the next one; book and film!

			

While I didn't read any of the Harry Potter's books, I went into this movie
with no expectations whatsoever.I was blown away by everything about this movie!  From the acting, to the
cinematography, to the music.  I could find NO fault in any portion of the
entire film.The characters were completely believable, the storyline didn't stagnate in
the entire running time.I saw the film with my kids (13 and 12), who've both read the entire series
of Harry Potter books.  The greatest compliment I believe any movie adapted
from a novel can receive is "It was exactly as I imagined it to be."  The
kids thought the school, Harry's "muggle" home, all of the characters were
dead-on to how they imagined it to be.We WILL see this movie over and over again...and when it comes out on
video/DVD, I do believe we will be the first in line to buy
them!Fantastic entertainment!
			

It was all I wanted it to be, and I'm a grown-up.  My husband and I did
notice a breaking down of narrative logic about half-way through the movie,
and we forgive it this time, but I hope when the other movies are filmed,
the scriptwriter/s remember to show Harry and the kids putting the parts of
the problem together.There were some poor choices of scenes to keep and scenes to discard; for
some reason, my husband wanted to see the logic problem with the potion
bottles that Hermione solves--he claims it would make the awarding of points
to her at the year-end dinner logical.  I would have appreciated another
scene with Snape at the end of the movie (just because I like Alan Rickman),
either to explain why he was being a hard-case on Harry, or at least
Dumbledore should have explained it in the infirmary [and if you're
impatient, Snape and James Potter, Harry's father, detested each other as
much as Harry and Malfoy do, but James did something Snape could never
forgive him for--James saved Snape's life, so Snape felt he owed a payback
to Harry].At no point in the movie do we learn that Dumbledore sent the Invisibility
cloak to Harry for Christmas, nor do we see Harry in the nice sweater
(that's 'jumper' in British) that Mrs. Weasley knit him.  It would have been
nice if there were a montage of months between each of the significant
scenes in the movie; remember, the book covered a whole school year, we
don't actually get a sense of that on the screen. It would have been nice if
Warwick Davis, who plays Professor Flitwick, didn't have as much prosthetics
on his face; and it would have been nice if the Potions laboratory wasn't
quite so dark (doing alchemy in the dark is not safe!).
			

Considering I read the book a year ago, I was amazed at how much the movie
seemed like what I had imagined while reading it.  I was impressed by the
clarity of the plot and the nearly perfect scenery that was breathtaking and
exactly what the movie called for.  One of the high points of the film is
the wonderful Hermione Granger, the teachers pet and the makings of an
outstanding wizard, she appealed to me more so than any other character. 
Not that the other actors weren't perfect choices, but she seemed to be the
ideal child to embody Rowlings character.  Overall I was impressed and
dazzled by the entire film, I found myself laughing and clapping my hands
with glee as the English train station became platform 9 3/4.  Even people
who haven't read the book will find themselves wishing for just one day at
the magical children before them.  The fantasy and the excitement of it all
is tangible and desirable for all movie viewers.  I would recommend this
film to anybody.
			

First, as the title to this review indicates, I, unlike so many of the
teeming masses that went to see this movie opening weekend, have not read
the J.K. Rowling books so other than the tidbits I had picked up from my
wife, I had no clue what to expect other than long lines. But my wife would
have killed me if we hadn't gone. Well in fact, I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
I had a hundred questions for my wife about the books afterward and will
likely now find some time to read the books so I can see how it compares. I
found the world J.K. Rowling created to be quite charming and full of a life
of its own. Hogwarts was nothing short of stunning in its concept and
rendering. Kudos to the actors too...Alan Rickman was FANTASTIC (but then he
usually is) and the child actors were well chosen and very likeable. Daniel
Radcliffe was a tad shallow of emotion as Harry, but not nearly so much as I
was lead to believe by the critics. In short, if you have any doubts, go see
this movie. You won't be disappointed even if you aren't a rabid fan of the
books.
			

Let me start off with, I don't know jack about Harry Potter!  I went into
this movie thinking, "It is just a kids movie, so what's the fuss all
about?!"  It wasn't what I expected.  There were lots of kids in the
theater, but this is not your everyday kid movie.  This movie was pretty
cool and if you don't know anything about Harry Potter, you will.  This is a
serious movie (no useless dancing or singing just because they can * cough *
disney).  Harry Potter is also long, so make sure you go to the restroom
before it starts.  
			

Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone I've never read the Harry Potter books and probably never will. But as for
the movie, I found it surprisingly good. I certainly didn't expect much from
Chris Columbus, the director of Home Alone and Mrs. Doubtfire, but his
version of Harry Potter is quite a success. I must admit, however, that
Columbus could hardly foul things up because the film contains about
two-thirds of the book, much of Rowling's dialogue verbatim, and brilliant
casting.The over 153-minute running time of the film is a result of Chris Columbus'
slavish faithfulness to book. But don't misunderstand me; I barely felt it.
In the opening scenes with Harry's horrible stepfamily, the pacing is a
little slow, and so I did start to worry. But that was for naught. The first
third of the movie is actually a kind respite doled out to those, like me,
who haven't read the book. Rather, this film later hustles and bustles along
at an action film's pace. (One critic, referring to the action and look of
the film, called it a kind of Indiana Jones for kids.)That leads me to one of my few quibbles with Harry Potter. I urgently wish
the film had slowed down a bit more. By the film's end, I doubt that much of
the non-fan audience was aware that one year had passed on screen, had it
not been announced by one of the characters. Yes, we receive important
visual cues, such as the jack o' lanterns for October and the snow and
Christmas trees for winter, but signaling the passage of time in a film is
not merely limited to those sorts of things. It's a minor point
nonetheless.All the way through, I didn't feel like I was watching a painfully dreadful
kid's film. Instead, I got something that was thoroughly entertaining for
both adults and children. Mainly, what worked for me was the completeness of
Rowling's world. It seemed as though every possible detail of her imaginary
world was fully realized to point that I was convinced--within the confines
of the movie theatre, of course--that Harry Potter's magical world was
real--more than mere make believe. Frankly, I was enchanted.This kind of film, of course, relies heavily on special effects. They,
unfortunately, were only adequate at best. In these days of Jurassic Park
realism, the bar of what's acceptable is now amazingly high. But no
matter.Besides a well thought out story, Harry Potter has a wonderful cast. Of
course, the excellence of the Who's Who British cast of celebrities (the
adults) is a given. But the emphasis of the story is on a trio of unknowns
who did a damn good job. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson are
superb together. Their chemistry is just right. My only worry about these
three, as they stand atop a billion dollar empire, is what torture they'll
have to endure while make-up and costuming try their darnedest to keep these
pubes looking like innocent--well, on second thought, not-so-innocent--young
wizards for at least another couple films.In all, I was surprised to no end. While shaky at first, the film showed
itself to be a clear winner. Worth seeing a second time.9/10
			

I read the 1st Harry Potter book early this year, and like millions of other
was enchanted by the tales of this young boy. When I saw the preview to the
movie I thought to myself "this could be great, as long as they stay true to
the book and have good casting."Well, my criteria was filled beyond expectation. Often books are changed to
be made more exciting, more screen ready. They realized that save very few
things, the book was very adaptable to the big screen already, and didn't
need to change the story. And not only did Columbus stay true to the book,
he went above and beyond in portraying everything as close to Rowling's
vision as possible.The casting is perfect, from Harry to Hagrid to Nearly Headless Nick. All
the teachers are cast to a tee, as are Harry and his partners in crime,
Hermione and Ron. Emma Watson, Rupert Grit and Danial Radcliffe do a perfect
job portraying the Overacheiving Hermione, the carefree Ron and the quiet
but determined Harry respectivly.The perfect cast also gets to parade around in the perfectly realized world
of Hogwarts. The attention to detail is something I haven't seen since
Titanic. Even when no attention is being paid to the portraits in the
background, the people in them are still moving. Most amazing of all to me
is the realization of the Quidditch match in a dizzying sequence. Though
explained very well, it is still hard to imagine the matchs when reading the
books, but the match in the movie is fast and exciting.I am giving this movie a 9, and the only reason I'm not giving it a 10 is
because while I enjoyed it very much, my friend who hadn't read the book
seemed a bit bored during some parts, and I can see where she would be bored
while people who have read it would be captivated. I am looking forward to
the sequal, because I think they will be able to put less emphasis on all
the different places and effect and more on the story and
characters.But it's a wonderful movie, with great casting, great effects and a true to
the book story, what more could we ask for?
			

In my vote for this movie, I gave it a 9 (out of ten).  This was a
combination of the first thirty minutes, which were a 10, followed by the
remainder of the movie being an eight.  If you've read the book, you'll
get
chills as the beginning sequences of the movie makes you feel the same way
as the book did.  This is true movie magic at its best.  After getting
past
the introduction and settling into the story, the movie sometimes drags a
little, but it will still keep your interest.  Despite the length of the
movie, there is still plenty left out.  I'd be curious to hear what
someone
who hasn't read the book thinks about the movie.As far as the casting goes, I was especially pleased with the Dursleys.
Hermione was also quite well done, as was Hagrid (but was Hagrid really
that
illiterate in the book???).Oh, and is it just me, or were you also disappointed in the size of the
Great Hall.  It just didn't come close to matching my imagination!
:-)
			

My whole family really enjoyed the movie.  If you read the book, go into
the
move recognizing that they don't have time to include everything in the
book
and that there will require minor plot changes.  If you do this, the movie
is great fun.  One note of caution:  there are several "scary" scenes
which
may be too intense for small children and I counted at least 3 "minor"
uses
of profanity.
			

Thank God they actually did it right... mind you, I didn't say perfect,
just
right.Yes, they left out characters, yes, they changed a few things, yes, I
would
have preferred a week-long miniseries with Jo Rowling doing the teleplay
so
EVERY BLOODY THING would have been in it.But forget all that.I've read ALL the books at LEAST fifty times (I read fast and I'm
interested
in translating them yet again), I've now seen the movie twice, I bought
tickets online, I got to the theater two hours early and bored my fiance
stupid talking non-stop about it for three and a half months.  And 1) he
still loves me and 2) he also wants to see it again.Upsides... I've never seen a 2-1/2 hour movie go by that fast... Cheers
for
ruddy brilliant casting all around and terrific performances... LOVED the
score (even if it does sound like HOOK, which I also thought was great),
and
the special effects are good... now all I have to do is actually FIND
Hogwarts and I'll do my dissertation there.Downsides.  The centaur needs work, I wanted more Quidditch matches, and
more character development (even when I know them all) would have been
great.But go see it.  Either bring the kids or leave them home, but go see it
yourself.  At least twice.  You won't be sorry.
			

I took my 4 and 11 year old girls to see the movie.  They loved
it
very much.  I was also very impressed with the movie.  I thought
it
was cute, funny and had great special effects.  I will
definately
take my kids to see it again. And I will buy the movie once it
comes
out on video or DVD. 
			

I took my 7 and 10 year old grandchildren to this movie and we all enjoyed
it very much. This is not aimed at any one particular age group. Its
entertaining and fun for all. I would think that 7 would be the youngest I
would recommend it for. None of us had read any Harry Potter books, so
that
is not necessary to enjoy this film which stands on its own merits. Highly
recommended. 
			

I have eagerly awaiting the arrival of the Harry Potter movie ever since I
took the time to read the books this past summer. I went to see the film
Saturday afternoon with probably one hundred other people like myself and I
can honestly say I left the theater feeling satisfied. Everything worth
noting from the book was included in the movie, the casting and special
effects were superb, and I felt as though I was being exposed to Harry
Potter's world for the first time all over again. I was really skeptical on
how Chris Columbus would do, but now I can't imagine any other film by any
other director. I gave the movie a 10 because my feelings about this movie
are on the same level as Wizard of Oz or E.T.; I can see myself watching
this movie 10 years from now and enjoying every minute.
			

Great movie!
specially for the kids.
Emma Watson does some good acting.
The costumes, graphics and sets are really excellent.
long movie but not a drag.i went with my 5 friends. all above 18, and the all loved
it.
			

I am 21, and I took my little brothers to see this, with not many
expectations of enjoying it myself.  However, this movie was great!  A
great
story... the kids do a great job... the adults do a great job.  Not an
all-time great movie, but a very enjoyable 2.5 hours.
			

The special effects were great.
The characters were wonderful especially Robbie Coltrane & actress who
portrayed Hermione.
Harry is his necessary understated self.
			

I have been a fan of these books for a long time, and though I was a little
apprehensive about the movie, I have to say that it was one of the most
entertaining cinematic experiences I have had in a long while.  Everything
was perfect.  I was a little disappointed in some of the cuts, but that is
to be expected when making a movie from a book.  Visually, I couldn't be
much happier (and I am a visual person).  The sets, costumes, actors, and
lighting were all beautiful, all that I expected them to be.  My only real
concern is that the books of Harry Potter were such a wonderful stimulus for
lots of kids to read.  I hope that the movie doesn't change
that.
			

Can't believe how much the experience of seeing the movie matched my
expectations.  Columbus was so faithful to the book that we can now set
aside that worry and look at the film.  His choices of actors for the movie
were perfect; while never a Richard Harris fan, he IS Dumbledore.Hope that the second movie lets Daniel Radcliffe spread his acting wings
more.  Also, can someone tone down John Williams' music a bit?! 

			

All right, I'm in my 30's. Many of my friends think I'm odd for liking the
Harry Potter books. But I do, and you can call it a solitary vice if you
want.The movie was not perfect, there were sections that dragged a little, the
soundtrack is utterly forgettable, but who cares? It's Harry
Potter!This is the first movie I've seen lately where the special effects are
used
to tell the story instead of being the story. Even though there was a lot
of
CG in the movie, it was completely transparent. You believe that they are
flying on brooms. The quiddich match looked extremely real.If certain details are missing, like the ghosts, well, they just didn't
have
time. The movie runs very long as it is, and still there was very little
fat
to be trimmed. Poor John Cleese, his character had gobs of humor for him
to
mine... but it was a time thing.I would say that everyone could benefit from seeing this movie, and if you
haven't read the books you may have an advantage. Instead of worrying
about
Peeves and other details, you would be able to simple enjoy the story on
its
own merit.See it. Push the kids in costume out of your way if you have to, but see
the
movie. I promise you will enjoy it.
			

Great job by most all the cast.  Standouts for me were Snapes and
Hagrid.  The kids were believable in their roles.   The overall
impression of the film was a lush panoramic depiction of the book. 
Hogwarts came to life!  I look forward to the Secret Chamber.
			

I saw the film last night and can say that this movie will be bigger than
anything we expected.  I am a 21 year old college student who has read the
books multiple times and enjoys arguing with people who say these books
are
just for children.  The books were awesome and I must say that the movie
does not disappoint.  The key to whether or not these movies would be good
was if the director stuck to the books.  He did.  And the result is the
most
visually impressive, magical 2.5 hours of film in a long time.  The sets
are
absolutely amazing and the detail of the backgrounds (the moving pictures
and such) are perfect.  The kids are all great (in particular, Ron and
Neville were awesome), but Snape is hands-down the best cast.  My only
complaint (and the reason the film did not receive a 10 from me) was some
of
the omissions that the director did decide to do.  Of course the director
can't put in everything, but I felt that some elements that the book had
would have made the story stronger.  The most glaring omission (in my
humble
opinion) was eliminating the meeting of Harry and Draco in Diagon Alley.
In
the book, that scene sets the tone for their relationship far better than
the non-subtle way in which the movie does it.  Also, there is simply a
feeling of anticipation that the book broadcasts; the movie can't compete.
But the movie succeeds in its intentions.  The world of Harry Potter
exists
in more than just our imaginations now.
			

It has been stated in many different publications that because of time and
WB's heavy hand a good 25% of the movie had to be cut that was filmed.  I
feel since there was over 4 hours of film, and having to cut it down to 2
and 1/2 hrs the film was very good, I can not give it a 10 (until the DVD
comes out, maybe then I can change my vote to a 10 from a 9) I do feel
some
very important scenes were left out, but after I see the DVD I will be
happy.  I just feel that hopefully when the DVD comes out all of the
scenes
with be there.  In the different publications, it has been stated that the
DVD will have all that was filmed.  There were a few things that upset me
that weren't in the film, but not enough to make me tell people not to go
see the film.
All of the actors were wonderful and the casting was perfect.  I have read
each of the books 2 or 3 times and I am not a 8 yr old, (I am 26, no kids)
and I hoping that if we the fans make enough noise, maybe we can force
WB's
to do what they need to do, make a 4 hr or longer film with an
intermission,
movies use to have them, so why can't we have them again.  If you don't
want
to anger your true fans (the kids) you will understand that the film needs
to have everything, not just the high points.
One last thing, where was the Sorting Hat's song?  Will it be in the
DVD?
Great film, left a bit too much out, but still beautiful and a wonderful
way
to forget about today's problems (for 2 & 1/2 hrs)!
I plan on seeing it again next weekend.

			

All I have to say about this movie is, "Bloody Brilliant!"I saw this movie at 11am this morning. I have been waiting for it for
some time. After the movie, as my day continued, I found myself
thinking back to the movie and I realized that some how my very
imagination had been stolen and put up on the screen.Hagrid is Hagrid. 
Dumbledore is Dumbledore. 
Ron is Ron.
Snape is so very Snape.I gave it a nine because the "monster" special effects will have to get
better.I loved this movie....
			

Ron and Hagrid steal the show and Daniel Radcliffe is a great Harry.  Chris
Columbus and the crew do about as well as anyone could have done with only
having 2-1/2 hours to tell the story.  I would have loved to have seen a lot
more character development, setting of moods and use of supporting
characters.  But the only way to do that would be to turn it into an eight
hour movie.  Personally, I would LOVE to see that eight hour version.  I
wish he would have made it 8 hours.  Professor Snape and Draco do very well,
as well.  Emma Watson as Hermione is an absolutely beautiful young woman and
does a good job.  I also liked Fang.  I thought the special effects were
very good and the sets are incredible.  My favorite part of the movie is the
chess game.  My only complaint would be that it's choppy.  It doesn't flow
very well.
			

The cinematography was *amazing* and I'm not usually one to comment on it. 
The costuming, sets, and make-up were phenomenal as well.  The snake scene,
Quidditch, chess scenes, and moving portraits were just awesome (watch the
pictures in the background during the infirmary scene!)Walking away from the movie, my favorites were actually different than the
book.  In the book, I liked Hermione.  In the movie, I wanted to bat her
senseless with a nerf bat for the overkill attitude.  However, that could be
due to either the lines, or Emma Watson's lack of acting background (which
was extremely obvious in that she sometimes had to pause to remember a line,
looked a bit startled when it came to her turn, and was a bit forced).  She
didn't quite look like what I thought, nor did Dumbledore.I *LOVED* the characters of Ron, Madame Hooch, and Hagrid (Hagrid I liked in
the book as well).  Rupert Grint did an absolutely phenomenal job with the
character of Ron, and was an incredible asset to the movie!  Madame Hooch
just looked very cool, much spiffier than I thought.  Robbie Coltrane did a
fantastic job as Hagrid as well, with a running comment that always evoked
laughs from the audience.  Rickman as Snape and Maggie Smith as McGonagal
was pure genius!  They were the epitome of the characters... Rickman playing
Snape even better than I'd imagined the character!!The only down side to the movie is that one section of the climax was
dropped so it didn't make sense considering the alluding to a teacher's
(Snape) help throughout the movie.  And, even though I'd read the books, I
felt like I missed something with how it jumped from the chess scene to the
mirror.  The good aspects far outweighed the bad, however!
			

I think it's testament to Hollywood and previously mediocre director Chris
Columbus that they spent a vast amount of time and money on an entirely
foreign film, while demanding nothing from it in the way of big name actors,
product placement, gratuitous sex & violence or Americanisation. They really
do deserve the return on their investment after demonstrating such faith in
its success.Chris Columbus has shown an unexpected abundance of flair in understanding
the British setting, filming a complex revered book, and living up to the
massive global hype. Can this really be the director that used to bring us
dirge like Home Alone 2? This is the biggest turn-around since Volkswagen
bought Skoda. Wow.
			

If you have read the book, you will enjoy it more because the movie can't
contain it all.  It is true to the book.  An exciting, enchanting,
thrilling, satisfying movie with great casting, special effects, and music. 
It is not a child's movie only but if you don't like Alice in Wonderland and
Star Wars, go somewhere else but if you do, then wish the two and a half
hour movie was longer.  10 thumbs up!
			

You've heard enough about this movie; you certainly don't need to read one
more glowing review.  So I will just give you some sage
advice.I have read several reviews that strongly suggest that you go back and read
this book again before seeing the movie (or read the book for the first time
before seeing it).  Don't!  Bad advice.  Very bad advice.I thoroughly enjoyed this book when I first read it and enjoyed it again
when I read it again the week I saw the movie opener (actually I listened to
audio tapes, which I feel are far superior to reading the books; the emotion
that Jim Dale puts into the readings are truly extraordinary and need to be
experienced).  But that made me watch the movie looking for differences
rather than sitting back and enjoying the movie for what it
was.Of the seven of us who went, two had never read the book (one did not even
know what a Nimbus 2000 was, if you can believe that!), and I think they got
the most out of the movie; the other four had not read it recently and
thoroughly enjoyed it.  I probably enjoyed it least, but I still give it
high marks.So, go see Harry, THEN read or re-read the book.  You'll thank
me.
			

I had extremely high expectations for this movie, and it met almost all of
them. The only thing that slightly marred this otherwise excellent adaption
was the absence of the potion challenge in the final sequence, and it
dropped my rating from 10 to 9, since I felt it was one of Hermione's
defining moments. However, the rest of the movie was spectacular - superb
acting (Rickman, Smith, Coltrane - too many to mention, really), good pacing
in the direction. But the main thing that struck me, an avid reader of
Rowling, is that everything looked RIGHT - never once did I see something in
the movie that conflicted with how I imagined the book. For this, Columbus
and crew should be greatly commended. I cannot wait until the Chamber of
Secrets.
			

I must admit, I was very excited to see this movie.  My wife and I left work
for a few hours to see the first showing today.  I was pleasantly surprised
that the movie was quite good.  I will say this - the book is much better.  This is usually the case, and
this instance is no exception.  The book offers so much more insight on what
the characters are thinking and what they've been through.  People who have
not read the books will miss out on quite a bit if they only see the
movie.Anyway, back to the movie.  The acting was surprisingly good.  Someone had
commented on Daniel Radcliff replacing Jake Lloyd (SW - Episode I) as the
worse child acting performance - NOT EVEN CLOSE.  Lloyd will forever hold
that title.  Radcliff does a very good job, as does Rupert Grint (Ron), Emma
Watson and the rest of the cast.  True, Radcliff does have his voice dubbed
in parts, but I didn't notice.The special effects were fantastic.  Very true to the story, and very
creative and imaginative.  Nothing will replace the mind's incredible
ability of imagination, but the movie does well.The story also stays true to the book as well.  There are some discrepancies
(as one reviewer mentioned, some small characters aren't even named - not
even Hedwig!), but that's not surprising as most movie adaptations do
that.All in all, this movie is very good.  True Harry Potter fans will appreciate
the effort.  9 out of 10. 
			

I was *VERY* pleased with the adaptation from the book. I was afraid that
`artistic license' would make them stray from the original, but I'd give
them a 9.5 out of 10 for keeping it true. The special effects were sometimes
a tad fuzzy to me, but I think that's because I was sitting so close to the
screen due to the nearly capacity crowd! I *LOVED* the way they did the
invisibility cloak and the snitch in particular. 8 out of 10. Casting was
also better than I'd heard. I thought that Harry and Hermoine smirked a bit
much, but that may be due to direction rather than acting. I thought that
much of the casting was brilliant  particularly Alan Rickman as Professor
Snape and whoever it was that played Hagrid perfectly! I was also pleasantly
surprised to see John Cleese pop up as `Nearly Headless Nick.' Good casting
-- a 9 in fact! Sets & costuming get a 10. Wonderful attention to detail
overall -- the movie left me feeling the same way I do about the books -- I
can't WAIT for the next one to come out!And I haven't seen crowds like these since ET came out! Lines around the
block, sleeping bags, camp chairs and, I kind you not,
SCALPING!!!!
			

I have seen the movie on November the 11th, in Nottingham, England. And
because I already read all four books about four times I quite expected much
of the movie, but the movie even went beyond that point. Ok, there were some
things left out, like where is the poltergeist (that might have gotten the
movie up a little). But it's a good movie on the most points, I'm not giving
it the highest mark though, because I expect that they give much more Magic
next time, let's wait and see.
			

Harry Potter is almost 11 years old and about to start his secondary
school
which his Aunt and Uncle have chosen for him. Its on his spoilt cousins
birthday that Harry realises that he may be out the ordinary.
If you have read the book you then I am afraid like most people watching
it
you will notice some differences. But still the film is amazing and keeps
you on your seat. This is the film everyone is talking
about.
			

Wild About HarryBy C.J. CauleyIf there is one movie that can be called a sure blockbuster even before
its
release, it's Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  One of the most
anticipated movies in recent years, it perhaps even eclipses the mania
that
preceded Star Wars, The Phantom Menace.  Advance tickets are selling
faster
than any other film released in the U.S. this year.  The London debut of
the
film on November 4 drew an estimated 10,000 fans, slightly less filled the
seats at the AMC theater at Newport on the Levee.  Before the curtain went
up, hundreds lined up for the special sneak preview on November 11.
Little
ones were wearing black robes and wizard hats and waving their magic wands
to try to make the line move faster.  They grew more and more impatient
with
every passing minute.  Finally, the moment of truth had arrived.Based on J.K. Rowling's wildy popular children's book of the same name,
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone takes us on a magical journey with
an
unlikely hero, the young Master Harry Potter.  Orphaned as a baby, Harry
is
raised by the Dursleys, his wicked aunt and uncle who force him to sleep
in
a cupboard while his cousin, Dudley, leads a charmed life.  Harry's life
soon makes an abrupt change as Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry
comes knocking on his eleventh birthday.  He learns that he is the son of
a
witch and wizard who died to save him from the evil Lord Voldemort, a
Hogwart's wizard gone bad.  All of this was kept from him by his
not-so-well-meaning guardians.  The Dursleys are what are commonly
referred
to as Muggles, or non-magic people.  Harry was about to exit their world
and
enter into a whole new existence.  Every child dreams that they are
adopted
and will someday find out that they are a royal prince or princess from
some
far away land.  Harry lives that dream as a wizard rather than a
prince.Harry, being the only person to ever survive Lord Voldemort's wrath, is
quite the celebrity at Hogwart's.  He was too young to remember but he
retains a reminder of the attack on his forehead in the form of a
lightening-shaped scar (although it looks more like a slanted Z).  The
once
lonely boy makes new friends, especially Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger,
and learns more about his role in the recent history of magic.  The three
friends, all first-years at the school, learn more about their
surroundings
and each other while stumbling onto a mystery involving the Sorcerer's
Stone.  Along the way, we're dealt clues as well as red herrings and we
meet
an admirable cast of characters.  Alan Rickman is the dark Professor Snape
that Harry and his friends believe is up to no good.  Richard Harris is
exquisite as the old and wise Headmaster Albus Dumbledore.  Robbie
Coltrane
will make you chuckle as the enormous and lovable Gamekeeper, Rubeus
Hagrid.
Maggie Smith shines as Professor Minerva McGonagall and John Cleese gets
honorable mention as Nearly Headless Nick, one of the many ghosts who
haunt
Hogwart's.It's often said there are three things you should NEVER work with in any
movie:  kids, animals and special effects.  Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's
Stone has all three.  The kids are adorable and the animals, magical but
the
special effects could have used a little work.  There were a few scenes
where the digital imagery looked more cartoonish than real and the
transitions were not seamless.  Any lack of realism in the special
effects,
though, were more than made up for in set design.  Filmed in the U.K. at
locations in Gloucester, Durham and Oxford, director Chris Columbus was
able
to find magnificent buildings to play as backdrops.  Alnwick Castle is
just
one such place.  Foreboding and medieval, Alnwick Castle plays Hogwart's
for
many of the outdoor scenes.  Indoor scenes were shot at Gloucester
Cathedral, Oxford and Durham Cathedral.  All are brilliant in beauty and
majesty.  Columbus was just as selective with his child stars.  Daniel
Radcliffe is a dead ringer for the Harry Potter that J.K. Rowlings
envisioned and Rupert Grint is a standout in the cast as Ron.  They, along
with Emma Watson who played Hermione, will soon find themselves the
Macaulay
Culkins of their generation.As is often the case with movies that are derived from books, there were
omissions but Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone managed to stay true
to
the book for the most part.  There is some mild language but it's the
scary
moments that may caution parents of younger children.  The only bothersome
thing were a few visual clues in the movie that the book lacked.  This
slight dumbing-down of the plot is something J.K. Rowlings never does to
her
readers.  This was probably done to make it a little easier for younger
viewers to understand but it made it a little too easy for parents.  In
addition, we should have seen more of the Weasley twins, their humor could
have stolen the show if given the chance.  Sadly, two and a half hours is
just not long enough to bring the entire book to life but rest assured,
before all is said and done, you too will be wild about Harry.  1,000
points
for Gryffindor!
			

Having read all the books some time ago I was looking forward to this film
for some time. Luckily I managed to get preview tickets and waited in line
with the rest of the audience which were all little kids and their parents.
Any way the film started and there was a cheer from the crowd would it be as
good as their expectations?Well in a word yes. The acting was pretty good actually with Ron being the
pick of the youngsters. The special effects were a little disappointing at
times but Fluffy was very good. The overall scenes in the film were
spectacular with hogwarts living up to my hopes and quidditch being as
exciting as it should. The story I think was a bit rushed but having read
the book it filled in the gaps, but whether it would be as good if i hadn't
read the book i don't know.Overall 9/10, the only down points being Snape didn't do enough and with
alan rickman acting he should have done more and the other point being the
special effects in places.
			

All of the characters were cast perfectly, and the special effects were just
as I had expected them to be.The Great Hall at Hogwarts is fantastic, and you could actually imagine
wanting to go back to the Gryfindor Common Room at the end of the
day.Alan Rickman as Prof Snape, an excellent piece of casting.Even though all the way through the film you know what is going to happen
next, you can't wait to see how this is portrayed in the film
itself.There are some scary bits (made me jump a few times).All the way through, shivers are sent up and down your spine, just at how
real it all looks.  The musical score adds to the dramatic
scenes.Glad we saw the previews, because we can go and see it again next week when
its officially released (have to see it again because I am sure we missed
loads the first time round).
			

If you've ever indulged in the fantastical worlds of The Neverending Story
or the like, and you just love those hero/journey tales, you'll fall in love
with Harry Potter: The Philosopher's Stone.Coming from a standpoint of never having read the books, I thoroughly
enjoyed the magic of the movie. Though I can see that having read the books
beforehand can be an advantage, it isn't necessary to fully grasp all of the
elements that make this movie wonderful. The animation is charming and its
fairy-tale quality makes it delightful from start to finish. The colours and
music are fantastical. If you like goblins, sorcerers and wizardry, you won't be able to tear your
eyes away from the screen. If you aren't into any of the above, I think you
oughta give this one a try. You will come out a convert.This will be one for the video/DVD library.
			

There's an article at Salon that talks about how little time there is
left to remember Harry Potter as he exists in your head - before the
big screen version takes over your impressions of Hermione, Ron,
Harry and the whole Hogwarts gang. And it's true - it's not exactly
how I pictured it, and I'm probably left with the impressions that
Chris Columbus has given me.So thank god that, on the whole, these impressions are positive,
entertaining and true to the spirit and plot of the original.
You couldn't get a much more faithful adaptation than this. Almost
every scene from the book appears to be in the film - which may
explain its 2 1/2 hour running time. There's enough time to
introduce the wealth of the Wizarding World, from Diagon Alley and
Platform 9 3/4s right through to the candlelit banqueting hall and
the Dark Forest. And all the characters that need to make an
appearance do so - and no matter how incidental their segment,
they're given space to shine. And with such a wealth of quality
actors, you're unlikely to be disappointed by any of the adults
performances.Our three main leads may be a slightly different matter, but none of
them commit intolerable sins. Ron is played perfectly - he's cheeky
and fun and shows tremendous comedy skill. Hermione is
stroppier than she appears in the books - perhaps too much of a
prima donna as well - but she still manages to carry the part
effectively without lapsing into parody. Strangely Daniel Radcliffe's
Harry is the weakest of the bunch - he has the look and
occasionally the passion, but sometimes sounds like he's reading
from a script. It has to be said that the scenes in which he sounds
forced are generally excruciatingly short - and perhaps don't give
him the chance to shine. This is, in fact, the film's main failing. In attempting to present the
whole story, certain bits are played at a rather breath-taking pace.
It's a terrible shame that the opening scenes with the Dursley's
aren't played at greater length, and much of the expository stuff
from Hagrid comes rather too thick and fast. The need to get to the
meat of the story overwhelms these earlier scenes a bit - so if you
find yourself scratching the back of your head or looking through
your popcorn for a really juicy bit, then just bear with it - you will be
rewarded when the film settles down... And a brief note of caution - if you haven't read the books, you are
unlikely to be as enthralled as everyone else - the pacing is fairly
book-like and you may start wondering where the film's structure
is. Hint - you're not watching a standard three-act drama. Settle
down, relax, and it will all make sense...Special effects wise, Harry Potter needs so much spectacle that
it's clear that some scenes have been conducted with a little more
polish than others. There are only a few parts of the movie that
haven't been touched up in some way - whether it be moving
staircases, CGI owls or huge 3-headed giant beasts called Fluffy -
and the strain shows at times. The Quidditch match for example is
tremendous fun (although you wonder that they can get away with
such an obviously terrifyingly dangerous sport), but short-cuts have
been made which stick out a mile. Look for a particularly
embarrassing fall-from-the-sky routine, in which the Quidditch
player falls down behind a large piece of cloth. Clearly this saves
on the expensive CGI work that a lot of the game requires - which
includes (if I'm not mistaken) more than a few completely
computer-generated actors...All in all - you can't go far wrong with this film - it's entertaining,
keeps your attention, looks generally pretty good and doesn't lapse
TOO often into sentimentality. Kids may not be able to sit still
through the first twenty minutes or so, but will settle down after
that, and parents should find themselves entertained in a way that
may seem strangely familiar from their youth. For all it's flaws (and
there aren't really that many), it's a must see movie.
			

To get the main question out of the way, is the film as good as the book ?
No, but it only falls short by the slightest of margins. To describe those
margins would be to give away plot points. So I won't. Personally I don't
think any film could completely capture Ms Rowling's imagination, invention,
characters and "just one more chapter" writing!
Whilst I feel the film deserves every success, the books should not become a
mere spin-off of the film(s). The film(s) are most definitely a by-product
of some wonderful books!Ok, the film: it's good...very good! Whereas much of Summer 2001's
blockbuster fare was vapid, effects driven drivel that felt like over long
demonstrations in the art of product placement, Harry Potter is a welcome
return to character, storytelling, imagination and genuine entertainment.
Rest assured that the film will not disappoint and does in fact measure up
to the wall-to-wall publicity.The three young actors playing Harry, Hermione and Ron portray them so
convincingly that it is to their credit that they are not overshadowed by
the combined might of Robbie Coltraine, Richard Harris, Alan Rickman, Maggie
Smith to name but a few.Harry Potter should not be seen because the publicity machines tell you to.
Nor should it be seen because your children insist on you taking them to see
it. See it because Harry Potter is a film that will transport you to a
magical world. Just keep enough money spare to buy next three books
afterwards....

			

I confess - I was getting heartily sick of all this Harry Potter hype until I
read the book to see what all the fuss was about and found myself really
looking forward to it.Having seen it the other day, all I can say is that Harry Potter and the
Philosopher's Stone is (to quote Ron) 'Bloody brilliant!  Not only a very
faithful adaptation, but a very fine film.  It's a huge return to form for
Chris Columbus - easily his best since Mrs Doubtfire and, with the possible
exceptions of some of his early screenwriting work (esp. Gremlins), his best
work yet.  He's played a blinder, simply by remaining true to JK Rowling's
original book.The film is like a Readers' Digest condensed novel, transferring all of the
key scenes to the big screen but losing some of the detail.  Whilst that
means some of the subtleties of the book are missed, the film's visual
strength more than makes up for it.  Everything looks exactly as it should,
from the Dursleys' quiet suburban home, to Diagon Alley and the mad gothic
castle that is Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  Most
importantly, all the characters seem to have walked straight from the page. 
Unlike Colin Dexter's Inspector Morse (who had to be changed to be more like
John Thaw), Rowling won't have to change descriptions in future Harry Potter
books to match the films.Not since Ian Fleming's (initially grudging) approval of Sean Connery's
James Bond has an author been so vocal in their support of someone else's
version of their work and their characters.  Conan Doyle never saw a
Sherlock Holmes with sound, so it's left for Sherlockians to argue the case
for their ideal Holmes be it Basil Rathbone, Jeremy Brett, Tom Baker, (my
favourite) Robert Stephens, or any one of hundreds.  Tolkien fans will no
doubt contest some of Peter Jackson's casting decisions for his Lord Of The
Rings trilogy and the dear departed JRR himself is not available for
comment.  With Rowling's blessing, Daniel Radcliffe is Harry Potter, Robbie
Coltrane is Hagrid, and so on and so forth.  This input from the author,
combined with the apparent intention of everyone involved in the making of
the movie to be as true to the book as possible, lends the film an
undeniable authenticity.The novel and the film can each quite easily stand up without the support of
the other but reading the book can certainly add to the enjoyment of the
film and, perhaps surprisingly, the film can actually enrich the experience
of reading the book.  Certainly Quidditch makes a lot more sense after
watching it on screen (they really ought to consider it for the next Olympic
Games).An excellent family film and (at last) a blockbuster worthy of the title. 
Highly recommended.

			
I love this film. Yes, nostalgia has a lot to do with my love, but I
don't care. This film came out when I was seven years old and I was in
first grade. My mother and father took me to our local movie theater to
see it. Harry Potter book mania was in full swing and the phenomenon
with the wonderful film series was about to explode with joy. Re-
watching the films in order now I can look back on this film with a
certain point of view. The first three H.P. films feel like stand alone
stories and for the most part set up about 70% of the saga. Now that's
was "Sorcerer's Stone is" a wonderful world building movie that keeps
getting built upon with each new film.The greatness of "Sorcerer's Stone" are that it get's everything right
100%. For an adaptation, it follows the book faithfully. Granted there
are elements and chapters omitted, but that's the adaptation process.
The cast of youthful and seasoned actors are wonderful. Everyone is
cast perfectly and each movies the actors grow into their parts with
ease and perfection. The Cinematography is colorful and dark, the
musical score by the ingenious John Williams is beautiful and magical,
the direction by Chris Columbus is sharp as well.Even though this film is not perfect, no movie really is anyway, I love
it. Any criticisms I have with the film generally go with the whole
series. Some films do go on too long.The pace in this particular film
can drag on. The plot does have an Indiana Jones vibe where it is one
even after the other. Some films in the series are plot driven like
"Chamber of Secrets" and "Goblet of Fire" and some are character driven
like "Prisoner of Azkaban" and "Half-Blood Prince". "Sorcerer's Stone"
"Order of the Phoenix" and "Deathly Hallows" are a combination of both
character development and plot development. There really is not much
for me to nit-pick about this film. It's easy for people to complain
about the special effects, but for the film that was establishing the
series, the computer generated effects are fine. In my opinion, the
whole film series have special effects that range from wonderful to
mediocre. But that's just time catching up to the movies.Overall, this film is wonderful. It's a happy origin tale about the boy
who lived and it's full of action, humor, danger, wonder, magic, and
most importantly, heart. Fifteen years after its release, "Harry Potter
and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a golden fantasy-family film classic.
			
(EAPP11_REV2016) Harry Potter and the Philosopher's stone is the very
first book in the J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series. Its film or movie
remake was released in November 2001 directed by Chris Columbus and
produced by David Heyman. As you know, some call this film the
Philosopher's Stone and some call it the Sorcerer's Stone. The
explanation behind this is that the "Philosopher's Stone" is the
British name and the "Sorcerer's Stone" is the American name. For those
who haven't watch the movie yet, I'm going to give you a little
glimpse. There was once a boy whose true identity was suppressed from
him by the family who kept him for 11 years. When he turned 11, someone
came to reveal his true identity which changed his life for the better.
That boy is Harry Potter. He entered a school of Witchcraft and
Wizardry named Hogwarts. Here he discovered a whole lot about himself
and developed friends. This is where the all the magic began. If you
would compare the book from the movie, there are some parts or chapters
in the book that was not included in the film and there are some that
were in the movie but not in the book. Nevertheless, the portrayal of
the book in the movie was still great and those parts that weren't
included in the movie did not affect the plot of the story unlike other
movie remakes of other novels where they completely changed the plot
line. If you want to know the chapters or parts that were not included
in the movie, you may want to read the book first before watching it.
The cinematography is quite amusing because knowing that it was
released in 2001 where technology wasn't that advance as it is today.
The graphics or visual effects were okay because it doesn't look like
that it was fake or that edited. Of course, as the series go on with
the other films, the effects were highly improved as technology
evolved. The choice of music perfectly fits the movie because for me,
classical music best fits the theme of magic and mystery. I can't
imagine the film with songs or music that have lyrics or are of
different genre. The choices of stars/artists were perfect where Daniel
Radcliffe starred as Harry Potter, Emma Watson as Hermione Granger, and
Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley. They were really adorable in the movie
because they still have that young charisma that's why it doesn't
matter who or what age is the person that'll watch this because they'll
feel that it is not old. I can't even imagine anyone who can portray
the role of Harry Potter if it was not Daniel Radcliffe because even if
he starred in other movies I'll always call him Harry. Harry Potter was
released for a long time now yet more and more people, children and
adults, are still very fond of it. Even if they weren't born in the
earlier years of 2001, Potterheads will always come back to the very
first episode of the Harry Potter Series. I, myself is a big fan of
this. There are a whole lot of plot twists and mysteries that are shown
in this movie as well as in the other movies of the series. I'm telling
you, Harry Potter will take you to another world full of enchantments
that'll make you believe in magic.
			
I think this movie is very attractive to me. The Harry Potter film
series is the world's highest grossing film series with over $ 7.7
billion in multi-national release. British writer J  K  Rowling's
fantasy literature series novel describes the protagonist Harry
Potter's 7 years of study at Hogwarts life adventure story, directed by
Chris Columbus. Harry is the hero of the story. He is an adventurous
child, I have to search for information about Harry display state among
the living, so in real life Harry is a very brave and very clever boy.
The film's score is also superb, seven out of ten, but the real wizards
are JK Rowling, Chris Columbus, Steve Kloves and every member of this
wonderful cast and crew bring it to life. Thanks to this movie I have
some knowledge of magic stories. I will always support Harry.
			
Harry Potter is a ten year old boy. He lives with his aunt, uncle, and
big (huge!!!) cousin. They treat him horribly, like a butler. Harry
lives under the staircase. He doesn't even have a normal room like the
fat kid. On Harry's 10th birthday, a gargantuan man comes to his house
and tells him that he is a wizard. The gargantuan man is named Hagrid,
and he takes Harry with him to a magical school full of wizards. During
the movie you can see adventures, friendships, and lots of magic and
you may even have a few laughs.My favorite character is Ron. He is a red haired, silly kid. He is
Harry's very good friend. He is very loyal to him and goes with him on
many adventures. Ron is usually the one who says the most random things
in the most serious moments. He is also very interesting and keeps you
hanging on your toes. Ron has twin brothers and a sister.In conclusion, everybody should watch this movie because it is a
fantasy, an adventure that you would most likely want to go through.
There is also at least one character that you can relate to, even just
a smidge. I would give this movie 9.5/10 stars because of the British
accents, which you get used to throughout the movie.
			
I've read every harry Potter book available and was fascinated with
them. The world and characters J.K. Rowling created are marvelous,
these are going to be fantasy classics in books. What about the movies?Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is an orphan raised by his hating Aunt
Petunia and Uncle Vernon. Soon Harry starts receiving mysterious
letters but is not allowed to read them. the Dursley's are utterly
terrified. Soon, Harry is confronted by a man standing eight feet tall
named Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) and is taken away being told he is a
famous wizard! Soon Harry meets Goblins and Witches in Diagon Alley and is enrolled at
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. harry meets Ron (Rupert
Grint) and Hermoine (Emma Watson) and befriends them. At school Harry
learns to levitate objects, transform objects into animals, and fly a
broomstick. Harry is confronted with a dark past and learns more of his parents and
of the infamous, evil wizard Voldermort. Soon only Harry, Ron, and
Hermione are the only hope for the wizardry world against Voldermort.The film is filmed with magical touches: moving and talking painting, a
broomstick sport (Quidditch), and a teacher that transforms into a cat.
the story is harmless and nothing really is ever mentioned of 'devils'
while at school. I remember parents complaining how witchcraft was evil
and possessed our children through the evil Harry Potter Stories. The kids act pretty well, Richard Harris keeps the flow of the movie
going as the Headmaster of Hogwarts. The castle is beautifully designed
and captured through the filming. Chris Columbus does a great job with
this film and won't disappoint the fans of the books with only a few
minor flaws being present.Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone. Starring: Daniel Radcliffe,
Rupert Grint, Emmma Watson, Richard Harris, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie
Smith, and Alan Rickman.4 1/2 out of 5 Stars.
			
My sister and I, back when I was ten, wouldn't even go near anything
Harry Potter-related, despite its immense popularity at the time; we'd
call Harry Potter "Hairy Pothead" and laugh at the nerdy glasses he
wore on the book and DVD covers. Anyway, recently we decided it was
time to see what made Harry Potter fans so raving mad over a little boy
with superpowers and a geeky school uniform, and it was a nerdy
children's movie but not nearly as bad as we thought! The main
character, Harry, is a seemingly average boy living in the U.K. with
his aunt, uncle, and spoiled overweight cousin, Dudley (great name
choice). When Harry begins discovering strange powers in himself, his
aunt and uncle do everything in THEIR power to keep the truth a secret
from him, but when Harry finds out he's a wizard and is given an invite
to a secluded boarding school for wizards and witches, he eagerly
accepts, wanting to be with kids like himself. From there he picks up
two misfit friends, meets a snotty rival with way too much gel in his
bleached hair, and meets a variety of teachers, including a perverse,
hawk-like old guy with emo hair and a hooked nose.So, one thing I noticed is that throughout the eight HP movies, the
series quickly changes from a children's movie to a series with a more
adult theme, and characters become far more complex than they were
likely ever intended to be by the book author. I did enjoy the Harry
Potter movies, though the acting wasn't the best, the soundtrack was
pretty good, the scenery was fantastic and I liked seeing some of the
strange and wonderful creatures made up by the author, man, that lady
has serious imagination! Still, Harry Potter certainly doesn't beat The
X-Files or Cold Case.
			
If you watch "Sorcerer's Stone" without reading the book first, there
are certain narrative points that you will miss or not quite be as
clear on (as usual). However, watching the movie closely following the
reading experience will actually expand upon the Potter myth (I gave
the first book four stars) due to this film's ability to lay the
groundwork of the series in such stunning visuals and characters.For a basic plot summary, "Sorcerer's Stone" sees young Harry Potter
(Daniel Radcliffe) living with his aunt and uncle and being mistreated
horribly (sleeping in a closet under the stairs, told how rotten he is
all the time, etc.). Right before his 11th birthday, however, Harry
begins receiving letters from a mysterious owl (as well as a visit from
a rather large gentleman riding a flying motorcycle) informing him that
he is in fact from wizard lineage. Thus, Harry is whisked away to
Hogwarts, a "Wizard Academy" of sorts, to begin his training. While at
Hogwarts, Harry meets new friends Ron (Rupert Grint) & Hermoine (Emma
Watson) as well as discovers the mystery behind the death of his
parents regarding a shadowy character called Voldemort.In terms of following the novel, this film does a pretty good job of
keeping in lock-step. There are certain scenes that are excised for
time/continuity and a few "facts" from the book that are blatantly
different from the movie, but other than that it is a great
representation.In fact, in a departure from the norm, I actually enjoyed the movie
experience better than the book. Why? Because of the way it was able to
so wonderfully put a visual to all the great characters. For some, the
"mystery is gone" when they see their literary characters up on the big
screen, but in this case I was very pleased to put a face to all these
great characters.The movie also has (just like the book) a sense of "epic-ness" to it.
It is very clear that this is only the beginning of an epic series,
with more and more mysteries and character development to come.Thus, "Sorcerer's Stone" is a great cinematic experience that will
leave you wanting more as soon as it concludes. The mysteries and
characters are paced perfectly, and the story (as it is geared for
young adults in the first place) is easy enough to latch onto while
nuanced enough to get sucked into.
			
wow, wow, wow! The Harry Potter movies and books will always have a
special place in my heart!! I love them so much and this is the one
that started it all! It is so fun, great, and energetic and Daniel
Radcliffe is perfect for Harry. Emma Watson and Rupert Grint are great
and there is such amazing chemistry between all of them! I love all the
movies and books.
			
I remember me and my sister watching this movie on video after it came
out and what to say I really like it. Its funny and a watchable to
watch even throe it does have some scary scenes in it like the three
headed dog and the two face guy when he takes his turban off. The
characters are very likable in this film as they are in the book. The
castle is beautiful being filmed in Scotland. I would give this movie
10 stars deposited one flow and that being too long Great film wroth a watch and it deafeningly followed the book very well
I will review the second one soon so get an eye out9/10
			
This film is an adaptation of the first book of Harry Potter's saga,
written by the British author J.K. Rowling. Directed by Chris Columbus,
a man with experience in making films for young audiences ("Home Alone"
is paradigmatic), this film has a very young cast led by Daniel
Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson, in the roles of the
apprentices wizards Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger,
while also features veterans actors of the British theater and cinema,
as Richard Harris (in one of his last appearances in movies before his
death), Maggie Smith and Robbie Coltrane, in the roles of Professor
Dumbledore, school's headmaster, his main collaborator, Professor
McGonagall and the school's gamekeeper, Hagrid.This film marks the start of one of the most acclaimed and profitable
franchises in the twenty-first century cinema, where several acting
careers met its beginning or end. The film practically doesn't have a
single negative note: he managed to pick up a book that was already a
huge success and amplify it astronomically without sacrificing its
authenticity. Anyone who has read the book recognizes it in this film
and sees the book's magic gaining life, body and shape. The special
effects, the details of the scenario, the costumes (any similarity
between the school robes and the traditional black cloaks of university
students of Portugal is not a mere coincidence, since Rowling lived in
Portugal and has even married a Portuguese) all contribute to make us
feel that this movie is the book we read and we have on our hands.
Phenomenal, one of the best adaptations of a novel.
			
I love this movie. I was too young to watch it when it came out, I was
only four, but when I was old enough to watch it, I just loved it so
much. It's so good. The storyline, acting, effects and music are all
great. This Harry Potter film is probably my third favorite behind,
Goblet Of Fire and Deathly Hallows: Part Two. Which isn't bad, third
favorite out of eight movies. If you ever have a Harry Potter-thon,
which I do, strap yourself in, because your in for almost twenty hours
of amazement.This movie is all about Harry Potter. Orphaned as a baby, his abusive
Aunt and Uncle took him in and raised him. But he has to sleep in a
tiny closet under the stairs, so he's not very thankful. He starts to
realize that he can do things, things that others can't. He starts
getting letters in the mail that his Uncle immediently tares up. They
end up moving to a rock in the middle of the sea, a lighthouse, I
think. On his eleventh birthday, Harry gets a visit from Hagrid who
informs him that he's a wizard. Hagrid then takes Harry away from the
"family" and tells him all about him. About he's the most famous wizard
alive. After finding this out, he is taken to Hogwarts School Of
Witchcraft And Wizardry, where he meets Ron and Hermione, and they all
learn to start being magical together. But then an evil that everyone
assumed was dead, comes back to haunt Harry. Overall, I give this movie a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is:
Amazing.
			
The director has made the film picture perfect the kind of movie he has
made is extraordinary its makes the viewer child. Magical experience
for lifetime one of the greatest film where u can feel everything
right. Perfect Book made into picture perfect movie. Harry Potter 1&2,
has a homely experience, where hogwarts makes you feel you that u want
to have a home like that,each and every scene makes you feel
comfortable. Watch it how many ever times. After finishing the movie
each time. You ll think when should i watch again. The greatest family
adventure movie ever to come. Dim down the lights have a comfortable
sofa, have a big screen , nice smooth climate or turn up the a/c , have
a hot pizza, and enjoy the biggest Family magical adventure of
lifetime.
			
I have seen this movies 50 times or more give or take a few times when
I saw it the first time it was so cute however as soon as I saw the
chamber of secrets it was still better the philosophers stone. This
movie takes me back to where it all began and how magic was treated in
an adult proportional way.Overall, this movies is still great and really gets you motivated and
confused if Severus Snape actually likes harry. In fact this movies is
where it all the magic began and when you watch Deathly HALLOWS Part 2
you will realise how people can grow up so quickly and how life is like
a puzzle. An example would be Voldemort and Harry Potter.9/10 great
			
Right, this review is a review of the film. Not the book. Not how true
the film is to the book. Just a review, of the film. I have read the
book but it was a very long time ago and I have seen this movie so many
times I have forgotten what was in the book and what wasn't. This
movie, for me, is fantastic. Let me start by saying that this film, or
any of the Harry Potter films, is not a children's film. Of course they
appeal to children and are marketed as such but they are certainly
appreciated & enjoyed by adults.The story is well known and probably doesn't need overviewing again but
I will do so anyway! As a toddler, Harry Potter is left on the doorstep
of his Aunties & Uncles by Dumbledore. The story then skips forward 9
years or so and Harry is being treated as a Slave almost, an outcast by
his family. He sleeps in a cupboard under the stairs, is bullied by his
cousin & waits on his Auntie & Uncle hand and foot. As Harry nears his
11th Birthday, post with Harrys name on it starts arriving day after
day until one day it arrives in its thousands. Scared by this his
Auntie & Uncle take them away to a secluded cabin for a 'holiday'.
Here, Hogwarts gamekeeper, Hagrid meets them & informs Harry that he is
a wizard and is to enrol at Hogwarts School. The rest of the story pans
out with Harry at School, growing up fast, making friends & even
enemies.This film is pure magic. It transports to viewer to a land which is in
every way possible, very believable. The sets, the acting & the effects
are all first rate. The Acting in particular (on the most part) is
absolutely spot on. Rupert Grint (Ron), Emma Watson (Hermione), Robbie
Coltrane (Hargrid) & Maggie Smith (McGonagall) are all outstanding. The
late Richard Harris (Dumbledore) & the late Richard Griffiths (Uncle
Vernon) also put in fantastic performances as well. My favourite
character has to be Severus Snape, played by Alan Rickman. His
performance as that character is faultless. My only gripe, is Harry
Potter himself, played by Daniel Radcliffe. As far as acting is
concerned, he is leagues behind the majority of other main actors. His
acting may appear worse than it is as he is alongside some of the
greatest British actors at this present time. Finding the lead actor
poor should really bring the film down but with its fantastic array of
other actors make up for it somewhat.Harry Potter & The Philosophers Stone is a fantastic film that appeals
to all ages. The storyline is fantastic, the pace is just right & the
character building is certainly a large aspect of this film and sets it
up perfectly for the following movies.With the run time at just fewer than 2 and half hours it does not, for
one second, feel like it is dragging its heels. The whole feature
transports you to literally, another world and keeps you lost in it
until the credits role. This is not my favourite of the Harry Potter
franchise, it isn't even in my top 3 and that speaks volumes about my
very high rating.9/10
			
This is an amazing movie! I think they stick to the plot of the book
(more or less) and the cast is great. Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe,
and Rupert Grint are all very young but you can see the talent. Maggie
Smith is amazing as always as is Alan Rickman (Snape). I do like the
Dumbledore actor in this movie more then the others in the series.
Coltrane is awesome as Hagrid and the movie is uplifting and keeps you
riveted to the screen for two and a half hours. If you haven't read the
book, you will love the characters and entertainment this movie
provides, and if you have read the book, you will be delighted to see
it so accurately mimicked in the movie. All in all, this movie is
definitely worth the watch and I recommend it to anyone.
			
Hello I have saw this film and I loved it!!!!I think the books don't have the same content that is in the film
because in the film there are a lots of cut scenes and the editor
couldn't have done a giant film because of the costs. When I saw this
film I thought it was lame because I judge the films by the DVD box
picture and it has harry potter in a big picture and behind it has
Hagrid, Dumbledore, Ron and Hermione and it was a cartoon!!!! But when
I saw it I couldn't believe in my eyes. It was so amazing.In Harry Potter words I am a "muggle" so I think the film is very
magical and I like it but for example: -When they are playing Quiditch
their movements don't seem natural. -When they are buying heir school
material,for a road so crowded the stores were pretty empty. Its a
exceptional film I recommend for all people and gender
			
The following was written by Sonia, a foreign language student from
Spain, as part of her English studies: There are a lot of Harry Potter
films and I chose the first one to review. The book was written by J.K.
Rowling and the main actor in the film is Daniel Radcliffe. This is
both a thriller and a fantasy film.The main character is an orphan boy. Lord Voldermort killed both his
parents, but Harry survived. He then went to live with his Uncle. One
day Harry discovered that he was a magician. He went to Hogwarts to
learn more about his magical powers. There he met Ron and Hermione and
they become the best of friends. Later he discovers a lot of things
about Lord Voldermort and finds out a secret about one of his teachers.I really like this film because it's very original and surprising. It
also has a lot of magical elements, like magic brooms!
			
Harry Potter and the philosopher's/sorcerer's Stone is the first of 8
movies, and in my opinion it is the authentic one and properly also the
best though the story in places differ from what is in the book it
still captures all the aspects of the story in just the right way, or
at least in a way that I at the time great Harry Potter fan could
accept. I have more than one friend who didn't read the book but
instead saw the film, and often that is the way to do it because the
movie will never live up to the expectation you have from the book.
Harry Potter and the philosopher's/sorcerer's Stone is not one of these
movies if someone came up to me and asked should I read the book before
seeing the movie so I don't miss things, or should I see the movie and
afterwords read the book, or can I just see the film and understand
everything that happens. I would tell them that for this book/movie you
can do what you want the film is so good that you will miss almost
nothing from the book and will be totally ready for the next film/book
(although a few characters like Ginny Weasley didn't get a prober
introduction in the first movie). I think overall the cast was great
and really capture the people. I in particular loved Dumbledore that
was the spitting image of Dumbledore as I saw him with a perfect mix of
calm and commanding demeanor. There are a few things fans of the harry
potter book might have wished they had put in there, but all in all
this is a great introduction to the Harry Potter universe. It is not a
perfect move and I will there for not give it ten but it is close to
perfect representation of the source material and for that I give it a
9/10.
			
This richly orchestrated visual escape to the wondrous world of Harry
Potter was a success by no surprise. The movie makers did not attempt
to depart from the well crafted story,the authors vision, nor did they
sway from the enormity of the vision, artistic nuances intact, for
that, the returns rolled in, which made sequels inevitable. The complexities were adhered to, the depth of characters retained, and
the rich atmosphere portrayed remarkably well. I found the cast
compelling, their parts rang true. The fresh faced child actors were
disarmingly convincing. The entire vehicle superbly brought together
and executed. How could anyone that enjoyed the books, or had seen this
movie, not want to see every installment?
			
This movie was good. It did a good job describing the book and was very
exciting. They didn't make it too dark and evil and they didn't focus
it all in violence. However, I do think they should have included
Peeves, a character in the modern classic by J.K. Rowling. They also
made it kind of too fun. I personally think that they could have made
it a tiny bit darker and a little more violent. Overprotective parents,
do not fear, this movie is rated PG and is not super evil and
destructive. I recommend that kids nine years old and up watch this.
They had good acting, and should be rated four or five stars by fans.
This will always be a fun classic full of action, and deserves to be in
everyone's movie collection.
			
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is an excellent film. The casting
was perfect, it's like they knew these kids would evolve into the part,
the soundtrack from John Williams is top notch, and it's just a fun
film to watch. There are some who argue that by following the book so
closely the film becomes a bit stale, but I couldn't think of a better
way to start the series. By being so faithful to the book, we're able
to learn more about the characters and the magical world around them.
There are certain parts that could've been fixed but they aren't major
and they don't take away from the overall enjoyability of the movie. If
you haven't started the series yet or if you just feel like going back
to where it all began, I highly recommend this film. A near perfect
start to the epic film series.
			
I love this movie. The whole series will be one of my favorite for all
times. There is so much creativity, so much atmosphere, so beautiful
music in it - you simply have to love it. My god, if I would have still
been a child when this movie was released, I probably would have become
the biggest fan, buying action figures and the books. Sadly I am a bit
too old for the movie, so the movie can't work to his full capability.
But even as an adult, you will be sucked up by the atmosphere. It'll
make you remember how it was to be a child.Only 9 points because the acting of the very young kids wasn't that
great. - Which is totally understandable, since they have still been
very young in this movie. Also I found it a bit bothering that not
everything made sense. That was mainly because some stuff was left out,
stuff that is explained in the books. Beside that, I have been a bit
bothered by cheesy end and some cheap looking computer effects.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - Harry (Dan Radcliffe) enters his
fourth year of Hogwarts and is entered into the incredibly dangerous
Triwizard tournament by an anonymous stranger. All hail to Mike Newell,
the director of this masterpiece! The movie forgoes the happiness and
frivolity of the previous movies and replaces it with teen problems
(done very funnily of course), epic action sequences and hilarious
British humor.Coming back to the show are the fantastic three. Dan has come into his
own. He is Harry. He is vulnerable, angry, not always sure what to do,
and has actually gotten quite good at comedy routines. Rupert Grint is
not just used for comedic relief this time. He gets jealous of Harry
for getting into the tournament, and is tired of being referred to as
"Harry Potter's Stupid Friend". Emma Watson is beautiful and plays the
supporter of Harry largely, but does it well. The other children are a
blast to watch, especially Neville and Fred and George. I liked how
more attention came to the character of Cedric Diggory, and his brief
relationship to Harry.The adult actors are sparingly but well used. Alan Rickman only has two
main scenes (He probably did about one day of filming) but it's just
enough. Maggie Smith is equally funny and Micheal Gambon is used more
than in the previous film. He thankfully has one fatherly scene in this
film, which was lacking in PoA. Brendan Gleeson is hilariously
over-the-top as "Mad-Eye", a vicious old dark wizard catcher assigned
to be the new Dark Arts teacher.The humor has grown more adult, which fits the growing audience better.
Sexuality and Excellent Writing replace most of the repetition gags and
silly physical humor of Columbus and Cuaron. This fits J.K. Rowling's
style much better actually. It's all very funny and very British, as it
should be. As for the teen problems? Getting a date for the dance, and
learning to dance. Dealing with rejection and hormones. We've all been
there. It's all very real and well done. These kids feel like real
people, not mythical elves or gods.The movie is close to 3 hours, but chances are you'll spend most of it
either laughing or terrified. Harry's round with the dragon is
intensely scary but amazing. His second task, slightly less so, but the
dragon was a tough act to follow. The maze is scary, easily a villain
by itself. Think "The Shining" on crack. The finale will leave pretty
much anyone with a soul breathless and crying. Ralph Fiennes is
terrifying as Voldemort. Dark times indeed.Not for anyone who hasn't seen the other movies or read the books (or
doesn't want to because it's not "cool"), but who gives a crap about
them? Not for kids under 12 (they'll go to see it anyway, I've seen 7
year olds read the 6th book), but this stuff is scary for anyone.
Diehards who want every side-plot of the book included will be
disappointed. C'mon guys, the movie's almost 3 hours anyway (Though I
was genuinely disappointed at the lack of further exposition about
Neville Longbottom)! The movie does the best at being comprehensible
without aid of reference from the books of it's predecessors, and is a
genuinely exceptional comedy/thriller, and feels epic and yet real. And
that's a tall order to deliver for a story about magic and a wizard.
Mike Newell is a god truly.Not for the faint of heart, this gets an A
			
Wow! What can I say? I've been waiting a year and a half for this movie
and I can tell you that it was Definitely worth the wait! Even though
Daniel, Rupert and Emma are much older than 14 (it's pretty obvious)
they are so convincing as they learn about their feelings of maturity:)
The selection ceremony for the Tri-Wizard tournament was humorous. The
look of shock on certain characters faces is unforgettable! The tasks
are fun and exciting even though I already knew what was going to
happen! I thought that the Yule ball was absolutely spectacular, and
Ron's dress robes were awesome! The movie was so well done, I'd have to
say that it is the best movie in the series so far! The movie does the
book justice.
			
I went to see the movie with three of my four kids this weekend, we
were hoping that it would not drag, being so long. Having read the
book, my oldest and I knew it was a long story with much to cover.
Though there could have been traps to make it drag, we were very
pleased with the fine way they found to smoothly link everything
together and not lose the spirit of the things they had to leave in the
book. We did enjoy the third HP movie, though we did find this one to
be vastly more appealing to the movie series. This was a fine movie and
all involved with its creation and presentation to the big screen for
our enjoyment deserve kudos. Special effects were wonderful, and the
devotion to the written story was exemplary! We only wish it would have
been shown on our stealth cinema with stadium seating instead of the
standard screen. Other than that, Ten stars for sure.
			
I just saw the movie for the first time and i was very surprised on how
good the movie relates to the book. this was my favorite book as it was
transitioning into a more serious and in-dept story. No offense to the
other books before as they were great too, but this is the story were
its not so childish and the characters are becoming more mature and
serious about their futures. the movie does a great job on its special
effects, acting, and all together the direction movie went. The movie
kept me on the edge of my seat with all the action, suspense(the dragon
scene were especially good), and drama.If your a fan of the books, then
I highly suggest that you go see it.
			
The Goblet of Fire was the first book in the Harry Potter series that I
actually read (i know, lets start at the very beginning a very good
place to start - you don't have to say it) and it soon became the best
book that i had ever read. Even when i went back to the start and read
all the other plus the 2 most recent, the Goblet of Fire still remains
for me my fave book! So it was with trepidation that i approached this
movie, even though i had loved the past 3 films i had felt that nothing
had come close to the excellence of the books! In my opinion, not only
was the Goblet of Fire the best book i had ever read but now in my
personal opinion the film adaptation is the best film i have ever seen!
From the moment we see poor old Eric Sykes die a horrible death (he
probably deserved it for all those crappy 'sykes' episodes) to the
stunning yuletide ball, to the dragons, merpeople, beautiful
beauxbatons, hunky durmstrangs, and the sublime maze scenes - this film
was a f*****g cracker! Go see it, even just to see mmmmiiiiissss Jones
(Frances De La Tour) from Rising Damp as the elgant Madame Maxine or
even just to see Daniel Radcliffe topless he he Once again, go see it
			
If people aren't hooked by the very first shot in this movie, then
there is really no hope for them. I knew from the very first instant of
this film that it would be outstanding in every way. As opposed to the
kid-friendly, John Williams tinker-bell score that sounds so similar to
"Somewhere in My Memory" the movie begins with a much darker variation
on the Harry Potter theme. The opening shot follows a snake to the
crypt of the Riddle family and a statue that looks ominously like a
Death Eater. I adore this first shot so much because it lets the viewer
know that right away this film is going to be a lean, mean thriller.
And thankfully, the opening scene of Voldemort, Peter Pettigrew, from
here on known as Wormtail, and Barty Crouch Junior, immediately
immerses you in the "magical world" as opposed to the "real world" of
Harry's dreadful relatives, the Dursleys. Thankfully, the Dursleys are
absent from the beginning of this film, and the story begins with
Harry, Hermione, and the Weasleys journeying to the Quidditch World
Cup. Right away we realize that that opening scene was just a dream, a
dream sequence that would become a dramatic motif throughout the rest
of the film that often unifies disparate elements into a thriller
format.From the very beginning the cinematography in Goblet of Fire is so much
more epic than in the other films with its vast sweeping crane and
helicopter shots of breathtaking vistas. The mise-en-scene is
infinitely darker than the other films even from the first few moments.
I love the extremes in the production values here. I adore how so many
of the shots throughout feature the darkest gray lighting and yet are
of such sweeping expanses.The film is expertly paced from the very beginning, instantly immersing
the viewer in this magical world without the often awkward transition
of Harry enduring the Dursleys for a while and then entering his world
of magic. The dream sequence at the beginning casts a specter over the
entire rest of the film, setting the overall mood. This chilling
opening is continued with the brilliant attack on the Quidditch World
Cup by Voldemort's followers, the Death Eaters. The shots of the
playing field after the attack are stunningly bleak, and the appearance
of David Tennant as Barty Crouch Junior, who conjures the Dark Mark, is
chilling. Barty Crouch Junior seems almost like some sadistic member of
the Black and Tans with his leather boots and jacket.So much plot is crammed in this movie that it is almost overwhelming to
consider all that happened. I think that in terms of action scenes, the
segment beginning the Tri-Wizard Tournament where Harry battles a
dragon is one of the most exhilarating, edge-of-your-seat thrill rides
I've ever seen.I really have mixed feelings about the teenage romance aspects of this
film. Although I think that there might be more there than just a
copycat of a 1980s teen comedy, I can't ignore that this whole segment
really does slow down the overall plot, especially since it was
charging ahead with such glorious speed earlier. And I don't think the
film gains back that same momentum until the very end. I think the
underwater challenge is not nearly compelling enough for the amount of
time allotted to it, but this is nearly forgotten by the brilliance of
the final challenge in which Harry must enter a maze of doom. In this
maze he and Cedric Diggory are transported to the graveyard of the
Riddles seen at the beginning of the film, and there Harry confronts
his old nemesis Lord Voldemort, after being forced to give him life by
Wormtail. The Dark Lord is played brilliantly by Ralph Fiennes, who
turns in a performance of such over-the-top glee perfectly fitting the
mountains of set-up in the first four movies leading up to this moment.
Voldemort is half-serpent, half-Hamlet, a character really unlike any
other I've ever seen. His genius is evident, but also his insecurity as
he feels it necessary to duel Potter in order to prove his powers. The
final moment of their duel when Harry's parents arrive to help him is
the best surprise I could've imagined in that moment.What more can I say about this film? It is a wildly entertaining roller
coaster-ride, certainly not without its flaws, but an exhilarating
experience nonetheless. Despite the crawl of the middle-section of the
film the beginning and end are so perfectly paced it's hard afterwards
to even remember that there was a time when it dragged. More than
anything I just love how this movie franchise has now grown up with
Harry. Gone is the predictable whimsy of a John Williams score. Absent
is the kid-friendly, cartoonish sensibility that made the first movie,
and even to some degree the second, rather formulaic. Mike Newell knows
when it is important to have frenetic visual, loud sound effects, and a
bombastic score and never overplays any of these elements like Chris
Columbus was wont to do. In Chris Columbus's films never would there
have been the quiet chill of Harry's exploration of the foggy maze or
the eerie silence of the ruined Quidditch World Cup venue. Patrick
Doyle's score is understated for the most part and only supplements the
action occurring on screen. Mike Newell has learned from the previous
installments that less can be more, not every moment has to be another
peril, not every shot has to be filled with frenetic action or
deafening sound effects. But when he does include these elements they
have so much greater emotional intensity because they punctuate moments
of relative quiet simplicity.
			
I cannot count on one hand how many times I had read the book. I
absolutely LOVE the book and I had very high expectations for the
movie. I agonized with myself how in the heck were they going to slim
it down to under 3 hours, but they did it. Like the last movie, I
expected major plot aspects to be left out of this movie. I feel that
Prisoner of Azkaban (POA) left to much important details out to focus
on other things. Don't get me wrong though it was a good movie but
don't get me started on what they should have included.Goblet of Fire (GOF) was everything I could have expected it to be,
even more so! Granted...if we could have it our way...we could included
absolutely everything from the book but then the movie would be 6 hours
long. If you had to cut something for the sake of making a movie the
crew of GOF did it appropriately.GOF was surprisingly upbeat though. I expected it to be darker
(scarier) than POA in may ways. But I found myself laughing very often.
Which seems like a great set-up for Order of the Phoenix as far as the
Weasly twins are concerned. For those of you who know the books and
have seen GOF than you know what I am talking about.GOF had great special effects and Mike Newell did a wonderful job
directing the actors to appropriately portray their characters. It's a
tough job and it couldn't have been done better. A huge 10 for me!
			
i thought that the film was really good well worth my money i thought
they did really well with all the things going off it was excellent. i
also thought the actors and actresses were very well chosen and worked
well with each other. I thought voldermort was very very good because
nobody ever seen him before it must have been very hard to for-fill
every ones expectations. I thought it was funny and it kept you wanting
more. my favourite part was when they went into the maze and ' mad eye
moody 'pointed the way he should go. Like i said before it is a lot a
peoples favourite book and there was a lot a expectations for the cast
and crew to fill and they did it beautiful. When it said you have to
fill 10 lines i thought it would be really hard but it was very easy
finding good things to say about the film i also enjoyed the bathtub
sense. Joanne Topiing ***** 10/10
			
Finally!! The HP movie I have been waiting for.No, it's not perfect, and rather I'm rather thankful, because that
means the next one has room to be even better. But Goblet of Fire is
far and away the best movie of series.The movie is full of action and I was able to get totally into the
suspense of it all, even though I have read the book several times and
already knew everything that was going to happen.The kids are finally kids! Mike Newell added a touch that has been
missing, but increasingly needed, and that was to show the students as
actual people, joking around, having fun, fighting with watch other,
etc. This realism adds so much not only to this movie, in terms of fun
and real heart, but lets the audience get to know the students and care
about them and their struggles.The ending is pretty much flawless- powerful, touching, and exactly as
I had imagined it, while still remaining true to the aims of this film.On of my biggest reservations about this movie is Gambon's portrayal of
Dumbledore as a little too panicky for my taste. Dumbledore is supposed
to be, at least seemingly, very calm and in control of situations that
arise in GoF. He doesn't know exactly what's going on or why in the
book, yet he is always with an air of wisdom and power, and this is the
reason Harry trusts him so limitlessly and comes to rely on him
completely to be able to take care of any matters that arise.Overall, this movie is not only the best Potter movie to date, but one
of my favorite movies of the year. It's action-packed, funny, real,
sometimes scary, moving, and above all, heartfelt. You won't be
disappointed by this one.
			
Unlike it's predecessors this film starts off running and doesn't stop.
I love the others but I must admit I was amazed how good this one
really was. Although the fourth book is my favourite I was worried that
it would lack something in the transfer to film. I was wrong! The new
kids are great as are Emma and Rupert. Daniel Radcliffe is good but
very similar to the last film. He's a good actor but I don't think he
is strong enough to lead the franchise. Ironically the real leads are
the outstanding supporting characters, such as Alan Rickman's Snape and
especially Maggie Smith's McGonagall. Michael Gambon is good but I'm
still thinking of Richard Harris when I read the books. Brendan Gleeson
as Mad-Eye Moody is amazing as is Ralph Fiennes as V.... He Who Must
Not Be Named! I haven't given a film 10/10 since 1997 so if you see one
film this year see this one!
			
This is without a doubt the best Harry Potter film yet! There were many
funny moments and the special effects were excellent. When you compare
the story with the book, there were big gaping holes in the plot. There
were also major changes to the plot line that I think ruined the story.
Also many of the background stories/information were left out and a
person who has not read the book may be left confused. I do understand
that it is not possible to fit everything into two and a half hours but
certain information are important for the remaining books. However, all
in all the film was great and I enjoyed it very much. If the next one
is anything like this one, I am definitely looking forward to it.
			
I have been looking forward to this film since 2004 (end of POA) After
humming the Harry Potter tune to myself for weeks and annoying my
sister constantly we finally went to see it. I don't think i could ever
hate a Harry Potter film. There just too cool. I was quite disappointed
not to see the Dursley's or Mrs Weasley.(It worries me to think how
much they are going to cut out of the order of the phoenix, which, by
far is the longest book, if they cant even include all of the fourth) I
love the humour created by our heroes ever changing hormones and the
desperate attempts made by Harry to woo Cho Chang.OK so my excitement rose when the characters were going to the
Quidditch world Cup but the disappointment came whooshing back when we
never actually got to see the Quidditch World Cup just everything
leading up to it.(darn) Also i don't think the newly introduced
characters(triwizard champs) had big enough roles in the film.There were other things that niggled me like the absence of the
Sphinxes and where was the explanation for Neville's torment when moody
was showing the class the unforgivable curses (I think in the book it
says that his parents were tortured into madness by the Imperius Curse
- correct me if I'm wrong) I cried at the end when Cedric Diggory died
-After spending the first 90 mins of the film gazing at him adoringly
and falling in love with him,as all 16 year old girls who have watched
this film had most probably done : ) Very very sad .....................But all in all i loved this film can't wait for the next one
			
I love the Harry Potter series, it's a very imaginative story that dose
not dumb- down whatsoever. This becomes all the more true as the series
goes on and Gobblet is a dark turning point in it. The film follows
right along, recreating the images I saw in my mind as I read the book. One great thing about Gobblet is this is where the children begin to
mature. This installment has a charming school dance, which brings to
light a dual aspect in Harry Potter, he has faced countless deadly
situations and came out alive, but is absolutely terrified of the
prospects of romance. The dance is very cute and plays out in a
realistic way. The dark climax of the film is very well done and satisfying. If you've
read the book it will not disappoint, Newell held nothing back. If you
haven't read the series then I think you will be surprised by the
intensity of the climax. In either case see this film, it's fantastic.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was without a doubt my favorite
movie so far. The emotions, the story, the music, everything about it
was magnificent.I don't know if this will contain spoilers, but be warned, I may let
something slip without noticing. Where to begin?I'll start with Voldemort. Ralph Fiennes was the perfect person to play
the evil menace of the series. Even without a nose, and the cg for that
was flawless, he did probably the best performance I've ever seen. The
way he casually said lines like (SPOILER) "I'm going to kill you, Harry
Potter" so casually, and the pure evil that he caused you to feel were
perfect. I clearly could tell that this was the ultimate evil standing
in front of Harry.Next we come to the music. Patrick Doyle follows John Williams with a
spectacular score. The music for (SPOILER) Cedric's death nearly pulled
tears from my eyes, mixed with the screams of Amos Diggory. Voldemort's
theme made you see the evil of the man, and the use of "Hedwig's Theme"
was bone-chilling.The actors were quite good as well. Harry got the emotion thing down
perfectly this time (I don't know if you recall his lack of tears when
he was crying in PoA). Fred and George finally lived up to the
characters that J.K. Rowling created, and the tasks were quite
thrilling. While a lot of the book had to be cut from the movie, they
did a fantastic job cutting the right stuff to make it work, even
throwing in the backstory behind Neville Longbottom. The beginning,
however, was somewhat rushed, even (SPOILER) cutting the actual
Quidditch game from the movie.(MAJOR SPOILER) Now on to the saddest scene of the movie. When Harry
returned to Hogwarts with Cedric's body, the band starts playing the
upbeat "Hogwarts March", which I believe adds to the effect that they
have no clue what is going on. It is perfect when they show the faces
of Dumbledore, Mr. Weasly and Amos, and Hagrid as they realize that
Cedric is dead. The music suddenly changes to the heartbreaking "Death
of Cedric", intensifying the pain throughout Hogwarts. Amos's scream of
sadness could bring a tear to anyone's eyes, showing the first really
strong emotion in the Harry Potter movies.Altogether, this was by far the best movie in the series (in my
opinion). This one finally seemed to catch the feel of the loved books
by J.K. Rowling, and the dark themes blended perfectly in this one with
the somewhat craziness of Hogwarts and the Wizarding World. I give
everyone who worked on this a standing ovation, and two for the person
who made it all possible, Mrs. Rowling herself.The major problem now is that we have to wait until 2007 for Harry
Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
			
I thought that this was by far the best of the Harry Potter films. Yes,
they had to reduce certain parts of the story in order to make the film
and acceptable length, but the editing was done well. The only short
coming to the film was the fact that the director left out a scene in
which the characters announce that the Order of the Phoenix is being
called up to fight Voldemort - however, this omission does not hurt
this film the way that the omission of the explanation of the names on
the Marauder's Map hurt the third film. Apart from this being the only
real shortcoming, this film exhibited a higher level of humor, truly
British in its nature. The fact that Mike Newell is the first British
Director most likely has some part in this. I found that the theatre
resounded with laughter on numerous occasions throughout the film. The
characters also seemed to blend together in a more seamless manner than
they have before. I feel that it would be in the film maker's best
interest to keep Newell on for the remainder of the series. This is the
best acting thus far that I have witnessed on behalf of the younger
actors. The only recommendation that I could make would be to include
the adult characters more. Such wonderful actors are cast in the
supporting role - I would love to see them with more air time.
			
I was a bit worried with so much missing from the movie, that this
would not live up to the Harry Potter name. I was mistaken. Although
yes, it is true, there is no Mrs. Weasley, The Dursleys, Dobby or
Winky, and even the introduction of the older Weasly boys, Director
Mike Newell did the best job possible with the limited time he had. The
effects were great, as expected, and the movie flowed very well. The
movie could have been longer just because it really didn't feel like a
2 hour and 20 minutes movie. One thing I greatly enjoyed was that
someone finally got the idea of Fred and George. They screen time must
have doubled from the first three movies combined. A lot of funny
moments and Fred and George were a part of them all. It's just too bad
they didn't have Percy in there as I would have loved to see Fred and
George cut him down as they do in the books and movies past. All the
main scenes from the book was pretty much done to form. Ralph Fiennes
nailed the performance of Lord Voldemort and I would not be surprised
to hear a buzz start with Brendan Gleeson being nominated for an Oscar
as Mad Eye Moody. Miranda Richardson caps off the great performances
with her portrayal of Rita Skeeter. If I had to make a complaint, the
only one it might be is that Rupert Grint was hard to understand at
times, however, it was only in very small doses. It is fine to take
children under 13, although there is your standard violence, but
nothing compared to Lord of the Rings. There are a couple of deaths,
but only one is shown and it is not bad. A little flirtation, like when
Moaning Myrtle is floating around as Harry is taking a bath, but the
little hinted jokes really won't be noticeable to kids. Only other
"iffy" issue when it comes to sexuality, oh, maybe Hagrid in his slow
dance with Madame Maxime, but if you can't handle a butt grab, you
probably didn't plan on seeing the movie anyway. Oh, and a lot of
people were confused by Neville Longbottom being upset as he saw a
spider creature get tortured. It is brought up in the pensieve that
Barty Crouch Jr. tortured his parents, but a lot people didn't put the
two together. Enjoy!
			
I saw The Goblet of Fire on Friday, and I will most assuredly see it
again before the week is out. I was very impressed with how the
director and producer kept the movie very close to the book, though
they did have to change a few things (those who have seen it and read
the books know what I'm talking about). I eagerly await the next
installment. I think what really made it nice for me was the fact that
Quidditch was finally back in the movie! Yes, it wasn't for very long,
but it was there nevertheless, and that was one of my main complaints
about Prisoner of Azkaban. And lets not forget the fact that Hamish
from Braveheart is Professor "Mad-Eye" Moody; that made my day right
there.
			
I am sure that it was very hard to take a 735 page book and turn it
into a movie, but in my opinion they did an outstanding job. They did
have to cut some parts, but they left in the important things.The acting gets better as the movies go on. The emotion on Daniel
Radcliffe's face was SO real!!! You could feel all of his different
emotions.The special effects were excellent in this one also. Everything looked
real.I am amazed at what an incredible job they did with such a complicated
book.
			
This is a awesome Harry Potter Movie It is really pretty well done with
a dark and spooky feel It almost made me wet my pants and I'm 28 years
old. Yeah there is some stuff left out that was in the book but there
is plenty of action and effects. Its a must see for all fans of the
books and movies. This movie is the best of the series to date. I can't
wait for the DVD to find out if there's anything added that was left
out of the film. This movie is best on the big screen. The young actors
are growing up well. I'm afraid that pretty soon they will be too old
for there roles in the film. I know some people probably won't like
this film too much and its not for the really young kids but Its a
great film and I would not miss it for the world.
			
OK, I'm a fan of the Harry Potter series. The first three movies, I
thought were pretty good. When I went to the Goblet of fire, I was
amazed. You will hear from a lot of people, that they left a lot of the
book out, which is understandable, considering that the book was 900
pages long. If they put every little detail in, the movie would have
been 4+ hours, which is a very long time at the movie theater. But
don't worry, the extended addition will add a lot more to the movie, so
that the die-hard Harry Potter fans will be happy. The movie was more
intense, which made a lot better. They showed a good bit of all of the
important stuff, such as the Triwizard tournament. He who must not be
named. LOL. The Rita Skeeter drama. So on, and so forth. This movie was
great to see, and I recommend it to everybody. Go see it.
			
I went to the cinema to this and i heard it was 2hrs and 45mins long
approx. Do not let that put you off. I enjoyed every minute of this
superb film. This is without doubt the best in the series so far. the
other films will have to be the best ever made to beat this! Some of
the scenes were amazing from the Quidditch game in the large arena to
the chase in the massive maze at the end. The acting is superb from
everyone. There was not one performance in this film i did not enjoy -
they were all equally brilliant! Another reason why i loved this film
is that i did not think The Prisoner of Azkaban was that brilliant. For
anyone else who thought that, do not panic - this one delivers the
goods! Just sit back and enjoy. I did!
			
In "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" Harry (now older Daniel
Radcliffe) arises as a hero. Though not a literary reference, Harry
Potter's emergence is reminiscent of another dark hero in "Batman
Begins". In that movie, Bruce Wayne's mentor Ducard tells his charge,
"The training is nothing! Will is everything! The will to act." Granted
aside from both movies being Warner Brothers productions, the analogy
is not that far fetched. Director Mike Newell's fourth installment of
the Harry Potter saga is the series' darkest and perhaps best. Harry
(wonderfully played by Radcliffe) acknowledges and reclaims his
greatness albeit reluctantly. He battles great evil and his own fear
and insecurities through sheer willthe will to act. The evolving
Radcliffe embodies his Harry with the right balance of vulnerability
and courage as his character believes the best in others while
acknowledging his own demons. Mike Newell masterfully crafts his hero's
journey reflecting the great storytelling of author J.K. Rowling and
screenwriter Steven Kloves. Hogwarts Headmaster Dumbledore advises
young Harry, "Soon we must face the choice between what is right and
what is easy." "Harry Potter" under the guidance of Newell does right.
It's about character."Goblet of Fire" opens with Harry, Hermione (Emma Watson), and Ron
(Rupert Grint) attending the Quidditch World Cup. However, things go
horribly wrong. The arrival of the Death Eaters and the Dark Mark in
the skies foretell of the return of Lord Voldermort (malevolent Ralph
Fiennes).Representatives of two other rival schools arrive at Hogwarts to
participate in the Triwizard Tournament. The names of the school
champions are selected from the Goblet of Fire. The competition is
restricted to 17 year-olds. The three champions selected are Viktor
(Stanislev Ianevski), Fleur (Clemence Poesy), and Cedric (Robert
Pattison) from Hogwarts. Surprisingly The Goblet of Fire makes a fourth
selection: 14 year-old Harry. All contestants must endure three
challenges where they could possibly forfeit their lives. Harry has the
least training of the four. Also Harry knows he must eventually face
Lord Voldermort, the man who killed his parents and failed to kill
Harry himself.This dark story of redemption is a compelling hero's tale. At it's
emotional center is a powerful and compassionate performance by Daniel
Radcliffe as Harry. He has great support from Emma Watson and Rupert
Grint. Michael Gambon is perfect as the brave and wise Dumbledore. An
almost unrecognizable Ralph Fiennes is a powerful force as the evil
Voldermort. In "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" Radcliffe's Harry
arises from the ashes like the Phoenix reclaiming and embracing his
inherent greatness, and inspiring greatness in others. It is not the
training or wizard's talent, rather the power he distinguishes deep
inside himself that saves Harry. Harry finds the will to act, and
fights great evil while reconciling his own fear.Mike Newell's "Goblet of Fire" establishes Harry Potter as hero. Daniel
Radcliffe as Harry has emerged as a gifted and powerful young actor.
May the evolving story of the wizard Harry Potter in the movies
continue to transform and compel as this movie does.
			
Although I think this is by far the best of the Harry Potter movies yet
made, a lot of things were cut from the movie and/or changed. So those
of you who are avid book fans, be prepared for a disappointment. This
movie was funny, though, especially the "Famous Bouncing Malfoy".A list of things cut: 1) First and foremost, the Dursley's have no appearance in this movie
whatsoever. 2) Though they attend the World Cup, you only cut to see an
introduction to the teams. 3) No Mrs.Weasley or Percy.4)No Doby, at all! 5) Only a brief scene with Sirius Black. So obviously, no Buckbeak.The list goes on, but these were the most noticeable. This movie was
good, though, and the Graveyard scene was by far the best part of the
movie. You will not be disappointed!
			
This movie is indeed, the best out of the series yet. The Harry Potter
movies are getting better and better each time! :) Mike Newell for
PRESIDENT! He has done a great job directing GOF, and the actors and
actresses are brilliant in this movie. Dan, Rupert and Emma are
improving in their acting and they're much better in this movie. Harry
looks so dashing in his dress robes! Ron is as funny as ever. Hermione
is pretty and elegant in her pink dress. Fleur is really great, i think
they did a great job choosing Clemence as Fleur. Viktor is as i
expected, or even better. Cedric is by far, my favorite character in
this movie! He IS SO SUAVE and handsome :) and i think Robert Pattinson
has done an excellent job portraying Cedric. Cho is pretty and sweet!
And i must say, Robert Pattinson is cute! :D GOF is now my official
FAVORITE MOVIE :) hopefully OOTP will come out soon and we shall all
await an even better movie!
			
Those that read the book would understand how good the movie was. But,
I have to say that Dumbledore doesn't have the charm he's supposed to
have. I hate the guy playing Dumbledore. It's not that the actor did
not do a good job, it's just he doesn't quite fut into the character.
He doesn't have the serenity the kindness in his eyes as Dumbledore
should have had. The first person to play the role of Dumbledore was
perfect, but unfortunately he's not among us anymore. I feel that the
person who played Gandalf(Ian McKellen) in LOTR would fit much better
for the position of Dumbledore. But, overall the movie was excellent.
The cast did an excellent job. I recommend everyone to go see it.
			
Never have I experienced a book translate to silver screen where it was
"Deja Vu" It was just as I imagined when reading the book. Must keep
the current production staff...OUTSTANDING JOB!!! and I was quite happy
to see the relationship of the kids back on screen, Prizoner of Azkaban
slaughtered the bond between the main characters, but it is back with
The Goblet...Thank you! The special effects are outstanding, the actors
have really grown into there respective characters. I will be going
again this week on request by my 4 year old son, who also loved it.. He
is a huge fan, and has been since he was freshly 2. I personally don't
think it is dark, as the news is reporting, and find it acceptable for
any HP fan, Adam fully understood what was going on. I highly recommend
this film for anyone with an imagination. However if you are taking a
young one, you may want to give them a heads up on what to expect, just
so they won't be in your ear constantly. 10 Stars for this one..Can't
wait for The Order to come out now..
			
If I would pick my best movie i would pick this movie. I've heard
people say a lot about it, then i watched it and thought it was the
best! Daniel Radcliffe and Lord Voldemart Rocks! Here are some things
you should know when you watch it! Spooky Action Suspense I rated it
10... for those 3 things! Hope you like it! Harry Potter and The
Sorcerous Stone was 0k... Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets was
fine... Harry Potter and the Prisnor of azkaban was excellent... and
now the best movie ever Harry Potter and the Goblet of fire... I can't
say but it just rocks!!! The only part I liked was of course... every
part of the movie! From hours to millisecond's!
			
Word is going around that there were many plot holes in the movie from
the actual adaption of the book. Yes, it is true. But the movie is
wonderfully made and this is the first Harry Potter movie which has
emotions in it. It is dark, dangerous and sometimes keeps you at the
edge of your seat. The scenes are really well shot and the appearance
of Voldemort in the graveyard is one of the most spectacular scenes in
the movie. The movie shows us that Harry and his friends have now
matured. It brings out the best in the actors and actresses. The movie
has it share of humor as well and Ron is hilarious. The relation
between Ron, Hermione and Harry is very touching and the wail of Mr.
Diggory rings in your ears several minutes after the scene is over. The
movie in true words is Magical.
			
I think that Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire its the best of all
Harry Potter movie...in this one I really believe the acting of Dan
Radcliffe...he made me cry...but not just Dan Radcliffe...also Emma
Watson was amazing, and Rupert Grint he was really was good... and Mike
Newell really put some British aroma to this movie...I hope that the
next HArry Potter movie, it'll be good as this one. But what I most
like in the other three movies was the original score from John
Williams...and in this one its kind of like boring...just some music...
but that doesn't make it a bad score. Really people I recommended its
fun, exiting and most of all thrilling.
			
This movie was incredible. Not only in the story line itself, but also
with the effects and performances of the actors. The movie sucked me in
from the very beginning. I jumped at some parts of the movie and almost
cried at the ending because Daniel Radcliffe gave such a powerful
performance. While the movie was not exactly like the book, I am not in
the least bit disappointed. They did a magnificent job in presenting
Voldemort. And everyone is making a huge deal out of the PG-13 rating.
Younger audiences will probably have very little trouble dealing with
the graphic images, especially the ones who have read the books. It had
a good balance of suspense, character growth, and humor. While this is
the darkest of the series so far, it was somewhat lightened by the
constant humor (i.e. Mad Eye Moody and Professor Snape). This is the
first movie to show real growth in the characters, a developing love
story and a preview of the trouble yet to come forth.I'd recommend it for anyone.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is an excellent movie. I personally
loved it! The acting was good and they did a great job on it. It mostly
sticks with the Triwizard Tournament and doesn't show anything else. It
leaves out a few things from the book but what can you say the movie is
already 2 and a half hours long. I was disappointed because the third
task wasn't as I expected, they mostly had every one running around and
not battling anything. It was very sad when Cedric died, you felt bad
for Harry. It is kinda dark and the third task is a tad bit scary. But
the movie rocked!! I wanna see it again soon. The actor who plays
Cedric Diggory is very hot, and so is Victor Krum. Hermoine looks so
pretty at the ball. It is hard to remember that Harry and the others
are only 14 years old because the actors look so old. They have grown
up so handsome and pretty. If you loved the other movies, you gotta see
this one! It is the the best! Even if you haven't read the book I
strongly urge you to see the movie. You will not be disappointed!
			
This is definitely the best movie. Not just out of all three Harry
Potters, but one of the best movies I have seen. It is good because not
only are the actors better and more skilled at acting, but they are
starting to become actual good at acting their parts. Not that they
weren't before, but they are a lot better at it now. It was sad at many
parts and I admit that I did cry. It was scary as well to see Lord
Voldemort and his evilness being brought upon Harry. It was very funny
as well, the funniest one yet. It was interesting to see the characters
starting to like other girls and boys. It added to the all around
goodness of the movie. Although it wasn't exactly like the book and
they left out many parts and altered others, it was still very good.
Try not to be disappointed, those of you who like the book to be
exactly like the movie. But if you have never read the book, you would
be puzzled and you would be even more puzzled if you hadn't seen the
other movies. I overall think that this was one of my all time
favorites and I can't wait to see it again. It is a must see to many
people. Those who are Harry Potter fans and those who are not.
			
I personally loved this movie. Although it seriously managed to miss
important points in the book, it got the basic necessities of the book
across to its viewers. The art department was absolutely fantastic in
this film. They should really have gotten more credit for the brilliant
work that they did for this movie. All the scenes for the tasks were
just incredible and exactly how I imagined them in the book. The
creatures were just absolutely phenomenal in this film. The actors
delivered their parts with so much improvement and though the movie
constantly had dark elements in it, Mike Newell managed to create humor
throughout the movie as well. Absolutely brilliant. Well done.
			
The HP movies get better every time a new installment comes out. The
cast is great, the special effects are perfect, and the story rocks.
What else could you want in a movie? First of all, Daniel Radcliffe
fits the Harry Potter part perfectly. He has the same, "Whatever, I
just want to get through the school year" kind of attitude, just like
in the books. This movie was also the perfect length. Every scene was
well done, and I think the director did a fantastic job. Also, many
teenagers along the female variety found some of the guys in here very
attractive, including myself, but that's not really relevant. Anyway, I
think this movie was so well done, and although the next film isn't
expected to come out for a while, I really am looking forward to it.
			
Prior to seeing 'Goblet of Fire' I have never read any of the novels. I
was just a fan of the movies since their debut. But after watching
'Goblet' I was finally convinced to start reading the series. That's
the effect this film had on me and now I'm very much into the Harry
Potter world. I can see that this one was rushed more so than the
others, I wouldn't have mind if it was longer, but unlike me most
people would object. I think what is most satisfying, especially to
someone who never read the books before is that Harry, Ron, Hermione
and everyone else is growing up and the problems they face are getting
more serious. I've seen 'Goblet' three times now and I plan on seeing
again it on IMAX. So for those who are already avid readers of this
Rowling series, it does cover the important points, but they are
rushed. And for those who are just movie-goers who could care less
about the actual book itself, I think you're in for a real treat. Plus,
I thought Cho Change (Leung) was a cutie, just how she is supposed to
be, hope to see her the next one.
			
As a massive fan of both books and movies, each in their own right, it
seems that I personally have an easier time with the Harry Potter
adaptations than other viewers. I went into this installment knowing
that certain things had been cut and anticipating that still more
things would be. I also went with an understanding that first and
foremost this story is about *Harry*--anything that doesn't directly
propel his storyline is fair game to find itself on the cutting room
floor.That being said, I think Goblet of Fire is truly the most remarkable of
the Harry Potter films to date. The imagery is beautiful and intense,
and the acting is greatly improved, especially by Daniel Radcliffe who
has certainly grown in his comfort level on screen and pulls off his
emotional scenes flawlessly this time around. I was also pleased with
Michael Gambon's job as Headmaster Albus Dumbledore. I loved Richard
Harris, and I believe that had he lived on he would have continued to
be the perfect Dumbledore, but what the naysayers must keep in mind is
that Dumbledore is not only a kindly, chuckling old man, he is also
fierce and powerful and, regrettably, fallible--something which I think
Gambon is embracing more fully in his own portrayal. He needs only to
add back that element of Harris-like nobility and quiet charm, and his
Dumbledore could very well be spot on.Now, being such a fan of JK Rowling's books, I understand completely
where others come from when they complain about the little changes, but
what confuses me is that when I walked out of the theater at 2:30am on
November 18th, I was thinking to myself that GOF had been *very* booky
in fact, and an excellent movie besides! For me, the prior knowledge of
the book just fills in the gaps for whatever was cut in the film and
enriches the experience. I think the negative viewers sometimes narrow their gaze too completely
on what was left out and subsequently overlook the little details,
straight from the book, that were left in. For instance: Fred asking
Angelina to the Yule Ball; the "Potter Stinks" buttons; Madame Maxime's
flying horses only drinking "single malt whiskey"; Moaning Myrtle's
talk of disappearing bubbles. It's things like that, I think, that make
it very clear that the movie makers really DO care about the books and
those of us fans who read them. The fact that Dobby wasn't included to
serve a purpose easily served in other ways frankly doesn't bother me
at all.My only issue with this film is that it will undoubtedly be much more
difficult to understand for those audiences who haven't read the book.
However, those that *have* been fortunate enough to have read Rowling's
masterpiece should go to see this movie and try to keep an open mind
about it. All the best scenes are there, don't worry. And the
heart-and-soul is still the same.
			
After hearing that the massive Harry Potter and the Goblet Of Fire book
was only going to be made into one film, i did not have high
expectations of it.However when i went to the midnight showing of the film on the 18th of
Novemeber i was completely amazed at not only the film but the acting
quality that shined through. Daniel Radcliffe gives his best and most
convincing performance yet and i was deeply moved at his emotional
scene when he returned Cedric's body back to Hogwarts. Rupert Grint was
fantastic as a moody teenager dealing with jealousy and Emma Watson
deserves ten out of ten for her performance of Hermione.This film is definitely not one to miss! Ralph Finnes gives such a
brilliantly dark entrance to Lord Voldemort returning to power and
played the character as sinisterly as J.K. Rowling describes him in the
book. And of course we can not forget the forever building romantic
chemistry between Ron and Hermione. This is captured perfectly by
Rupert and Emma who manages to give a humorous and somewhat emotional
hormonal heated argument at the Yule Ball.I promise you that this film does the book absolute justice!!! If you
watch it, you won't regret it trust me!
			
You could say that the other 3 movies are just fun kid movies compared
to this one. Things get more personal and serious. In the other films
they would let little mistakes and things pass, but in this one,
there's no messing around...You already know the characters, so this
movie doesn't take much time to just show them hanging just having
random conversations. Instead this movie is non-stop intense straight
to the point action. Amazing is what it was, AND LONG TOO. Long in a
good way, some long movies are bad, but ones like this that are very
informative the whole entire time, with intense action a long side that
are why movies are made.This movie takes you to Hogwarts! In the other films it mainly
concentrates on showing you what its like. But in this one, you already
know about it and so your there.Good movie, Emma Watson is beautiful and does a good job, so does
Radcliffe and Grint.AWESOME MOVIE, GO SEE IT, OF COURSE......
			
Well, I am not a Harry Potter fan, I never read the books and it never
bothers me, but as my friends took me to this movie, I immediately fell
for this. I recognized a very deep character change / alter, which is
totally new in the Potter movies (I watched 1,2,3 directly afterwards).
The characters grew up and mutate into young sentimentally people with
many adventures and creatures and particularly magic. What can I say,
it's truly the best Harry Potter movie ever, and I hope the next will
get even better, what I really doubt. It's kinda weird, but I think it
couldn't be done any better, so i recommend it for everyone - young and
old.10/10
			
This was definitely the best out of all films so far, Daniel Radcliffe,
Rupert Grint and Emma Watson all gave a fantastic and improved
performance. Mike Newell is a geniusThe Weasley twins were hilarious, Ron being a sulky teenager was great,
Hermiones love interest really good, and Harry's whole year at Hogwarts
was for him quite awful in most places, the scene when Harry returned
to Hogwarts with Cedrics body was really upsetting, even though I've
read the book at least 10 times.Unfortunately we don't actually see the Quidditch World Cup and there
are several characters missing, such as the Dursleys, House Elves,
Sirius Black and the Blast Ended Skrewts, but lets face it if we had
everything from the book it would be about 4 1/2 hours long.I've already seen the film twice and will definitely be going again
soon.
			
as a devoted and keen reader of this series, i have to admit that i was
disappointed with the first 2 movies - the third, PoA was an immense
improvement on Chris Columbus's vision and child-friendly
representation.PoA confronted and remedied issues regarding location, (Hagrid's hut,
the Forrest, etc.), the dumbing down (or rather up), and the overall
mixture of darkness with magic.Mike Newell has adopted Cauron's approach, but given the franchise SO
much more. EVERYTHING in GoF has been up'd a notch - the acting is
nothing short of remarkable, everyone - including Michael Gambon - have
embodies their character's personas so well, and in Gambon's case,
truly made it his own. I have always been sceptic about Radcliffe as
the boy who lived, but i have to say, my opinion of him after seeing
this has done a complete 180 - he has developed his acting skills and
interpretation of Harry so well, and credit must be given to the 16
year old for doing all of his own stunts - the dragon sequence is
spectacular.Newell has finally directed the film with a British sense of humour,
something which has been missing from the previous three, and that is
INTEGRAL to the whole HP series. His additions to the story, that of
the extended first task, Nigel, a more eccentric Filch and the
****SPOILER***** the universal sense of bereavement in DD's speech
(with the absence of the enchanted ceiling for once)following Cedric
being murdered gives the film more without taking away anything in the
books - it is really moving and sincere.furthermore, the casting of Gleeson as Mad Eye is quality. this guy
knows how to act - and encompasses all aspects of Moody and Crouch
Junior. the yule ball scenes are amazing - the combination of eloquence
and the weird sister's after-do works really well and gives a realistic
view of the emotions experienced by teenagers at their first formal.overall, this movie has exceeded my expectations - i feel this is
mostly down to mike Newell's perception and direction of the book -
cuts had to be made guys - this is a 700page book, but Newell has done
so in a respectful manner in order to make the transition from paper to
screen.
			
This movie is truly enjoyable. I have seen it twice (yes, I am a Potter
fanatic, so I might be more than a little biased.) However, both time I
seen this film the entirely audience had an excellent time. Parents
were not bored, and enjoyed some humor and a truly interesting plot.
Children had some jokes placed in the film for them, along with some
amazing visuals for everyone. Two small children did cry during the
appearance of Lord Voldemort, but this film is not to violent for most
children over the age of 5. Fans of the series will be delighted by
some small touches placed n it just for them, and people who are not
fans of the series will still be given a cinematic treat.
			
i've seen the movie at least three times and i still think that it is
brilliant and Harry and Cedric still look the best. i would recommend
this film to anyone who likes Harry Potter and hasn't seen the film
yet. i think that this film is the best and the darkest one of all four
of the films so far. i think that the funniest parts of the film are
when Malfoy gets turned into a ferret and when Snape is stood behind
Harry and Ron pulling his sleeves down ready to push their heads
towards their work. any one who hasn't seen any of the films yet should
watch them because they are all brilliant. i can't wait for the fifth
film to come out and i can't wait ti read and see what happens in the
seventh book.
			
Wow. The special effects are GREAT in this movie. Harry's flying
actually looks a tad bit realistic (although we all know it's not! :().
The actors are great, especially Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and
Emma Watson.The new people are great as well, and Draco is as bad as
ever!(*winkwink* You'll see) The ending is a bit scary though, so I'd
advise people who get scared easily (or are scared of graveyards)
should either look away when that scene pops up, or just not watch it
at all. I know how hard that is though. xD For all you Harry Potter
fans out there, this movie is a masterpiece. A work of art! The special
effects person and the scriptwriter and the actors and the....*ten
hours later* and the director were all great! I love this movie to
death and, so far, it is my favorite Harry Potter movie yet.~Casket
			
i so love this film it is the best film i have ever seen i can never
get bored of this film ever i so can't wait for the next one to come
out. i love everything that has happened in this film. all the actors
and actresses were great and they done a terrific job at everything.
All the other harry potter films they were in were very good as well
but i really loved this one it was so exciting and entertaining. I
could watch it over and over again and never get bored. My favourite
parts are the first task with the dragons and the part where harry is
in the bath in the prefects bathroom. my favourite characters in this
film were Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, tom Felton,
clemence poesy and Katie leung they were excellent. i thought it was
funny as well as scary. i really didn't like it when Cedric died i
really wanted to cry. what i liked about the first task is that it is
very exciting and you think oh what's gonna happen next and i really
didn't want harry to get hurt. what i liked about the second task is
that it seems really relaxed at first but then there are all these
mer-people and harry wants to free Hermione and Ron but Hermione is for
Victor to save. what i liked about the third task the maze is that it
is excellent the way they have done all the special effects and it's
just great to be able to watch a film with that kind of thing in it. i
thought it was horrible the way voldemort put harry behind an axe which
was voldemorts fathers grave and the going to touch his scar. it must
have been really painful. and i really wanted to cry when he and Cedric
got back to hogwarts but Cedric was already dead and then there is
harry crying and it was just horrible i don't like seeing people upset
even if it is a film and there is Amos diggory crying and yelling "my
boy that's my boy!" i really felt sorry for him and harry. but then it
turned out alright in the end and i felt abit better. i thought it was
funny when harry and Ron were at the yule ball and they had to go with
the patil twins that was quite funny actually. and then there's Ron
jealous because Hermione had gone with Victor krum instead of with him.
because like at the beginning of the film, Ron was mad about Victor but
then he hates him for taking Hermione. its so totally obvious that he
likes her. and harry really wanted to go with cho Chang but she went
with Cedric and it was quite funny. i also thought is was funny when
they are having a test or something in the great hall and they are
talking and snape hits them with a book and everything. the film was
funny, horrible, exciting, terrifying all in one i would definitely
consider buying this on DVD.
			
I have loved all of the Harry Potter movies so far and will hate to see
this series end. I saw the first 2 movies before I started to read the
books, I highly recommend reading the books and as usual, the books are
better than the movies. Enjoy both on their own merits, they are bound
to become classics that will endure the decades much the same as The
Wizard of Oz! I would recommend these movies and books for most age
groups, though not the very young (under 10) as they are a bit intense
and get more so as the books go on, the battle between the dark or evil
and the light or good has always been a serious one that gets quite
gritty as it goes on... this series is no example.
			
This film is presented well and is filled with spectacular special
effects. One person posted a comment that she was disappointed about
the bathtub scene when Moaining Myrtle joined Harry in the tub. While
that was NOT in the book one must remember that movies are BASED UPON a
story or novel and that while the premise of the story stays the same,
a director has a certain amount of liberty that he/she can take to make
the story more appealing on a visual level.If one is not thrilled that a film does not follow the book to the
letter, then it is best to read the book and create your own image of
the scene in your mind.To me, this movie is the best so far as for visual effects but I think
of the series, to date, the Prisoner if Azkaban was the best all around
film adaptation of the book.All the performers are excellent, Radcliff, Grint, and Watson put 100%
forth and the adult cast are always superior especially Maggie Smith
(Prof. McGonnagle) Enjoy these films and don't nit-pick the details.
After all how well could YOU do if asked to direct the next film?
			
I am not a frantic Potter-ophile but have read and greatly enjoyed all
the books. I've enjoyed all the films as well but felt there was
sometimes a lack of tension in the films...until The Goblet of Fire. I
rate this so high because the film carries almost all of the important
elements necessary to propel the story but even more shows what life is
really like as a student of Hogwarts. The tension and elements are all
fun but I particularly enjoyed the kids and how they've matured and
seem to be working more in sync with each other. Also, most of the
adults are given at least one good scene to show their stuff and I
thought Maggie Smith was particularly hilarious. Why Brendan Gleeson
didn't cop an Supporting Actor nom is beyond me. He ate up the screen.
The script is tight and multiple viewings helps tie key elements
together as well as what is forthcoming in future films. Those who feel
every book chapter must transfer to the screen or the film is a failure
should take note that including every little nuance makes for a long
and tortuous experience. Now that the kids are "aging" I can't wait to
see how they handle...hmmm....hmmm... Miss Umbridge.
			
I didn't want to go to see the first movie with my father and my 12
year old son because I didn't think that it would interest me. I fell
asleep when I took my son to the second one. But then, I bought the
DVD's and I realized that this is one of the best movies series ever
made. I'm 46 years old now and have seen GOF 3 times in the theater and
I just bought the DVD and watched it after American Idol. The young
actors in this series are absolutely superb. I can't say enough about
this series except to say that Ms. Rowling is a bona-fide genius. The
story lines and the action rival the Star Wars franchise. I love the
books but I don't read the book until I see the movie because of the
effects the movies have on my heart and my mind. Just to close, Dan,
Rupert and Emma take a bow. You are all going down into movie history.Mark
			
Really enjoyed the action and the special effects. It's a bit scary,
tense at times which makes it great for adults to watch. It's a long
movie. It's very good visually when Voldemolt comes back, his face is
done well. I like the part about Harry and the big lake when he turned
into a frog. and jumped up out of the water to finish part of the
wizard tournament. Although it is long it is very engrossing and goes
really quickly, the story just grabs you. The twists are good, there
are events that happen that are unforeseen and for those of you who
have read the book, it's quite different from the way the book is
written. John Williams is very good with the music, but I don't think
the fourth soundtrack is as good as the others. The first movie
soundtrack is really good, and so the fifth.
			
I had never really read the Harry Potter books. I'd thought about it,
but ... never happened. So I've been watching the movies to learn the
story! I love them all, and saw this one at the IMAX ... it struck me
as being done so well I felt compelled to actually go ahead and READ
the next book, just so I wouldn't have to wait to see the continuation
of the story. I think I may return to watching the movies themselves,
as the books are rather long, and I am a mother with 2 kids, and ...
well the books are really so well written you just don't want to put
them down, and I can't afford that kind of time to dedicate to reading.
BUT after reading the next book, and knowing how good the movies have
been, I am really looking forward to when they come out with the next
movie, and see just how close they actually are to the books. :)
			
The movie, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was absolute wonderful.
Full of action, humor, and emotions. It keeps you up to date and moves
you along very quickly through the book. If you want to fill in the
blanks, you have to read the book. The movie has Beaux Batons and
Durmstrang appear suddenly without warning, and though Dumbledore
explains later, the book prepares you for their arrival. The movie was
well written but for the die-hard Harry Potter fans I think we can
agree that it could have been longer. Even 20 minutes would have slowed
down the beginning a bit and explain more. But even if you don't read
the books, the movie is a MUST SEE for all. And if you have an IMAX
theater near you, the dragon scenes are awesome on the big screen!
			
I think this is one of the best Harry Potter movies there are and I
have been waiting a long time for this movie and I thought that he was
hot in 3rd movie and when I saw him in the 4th movie I thought he was
out of this world. I thought that Ron Wesley was not that bad ether. I
also thought that the maze part was really tense (I guess that I just
HATE mazes because I got stuck in one once).I think Daniel Radcliffe is
just the coolest guy he skateboards and so do I. I just can not wait
for the 5th movie because I am sure that Daniel is going to twice at
hot as he is in the 4th movie.When the movie was done I got on the
computer when I got home and printed a whole bunch of pictures I had
fun. LoVe Ya AlLEmily
			
I have read all the Harry Potter books and am 13 years old and this is
an excellent movie! I am seriously in love with how close to the book
this movie is with a few minor changes that were probably edited out
due to the fact that this movie is already 2 or so hours long. This
movie is definitely a more frightening one, and really grabs you into
the movie. ( I cried during the death of a certain someone dear the
end!) I'd say this is a MUST see for Harry Potter fans.. The director
and writers really do a good job showing the more mature side of the 3
main characters and start to go into the love life of them more so than
any other previous one. I really hope this helps!!
			
After the last fiasco I was prepared for this, the second longest book,
to be hacked about to the point of banality like Prisoner of Askaban. I
needn't have worried. This was great. The young actors have improved
beyond belief - clearly they are taking their opportunity seriously.
The special effects are just amazing. It is not possible to choose a
particular scene which is better than the rest since they are all just
terrific. I did like the dragons, though, and Harry's chase with the
Hungarian Horntale was spectacular. The entrance of the Beauxbatons and
Darmstrang pupils was just brilliant as was the Quiddich World Cup. Of
course, with a book this long and a three hour slot, some bits had to
go but, unlike Prisoner of Askaban which literally 'lost the plot',
Mike Newell managed the virtually impossible task of keeping the story
on course. In short, its hard to pick a particularly outstanding bit as
it was all outstanding. From beginning to end it bowled along at a
breakneck speed and I exited the cinema three hours later wondering
where the time had gone. Lets hope they get Mike back for the finale!
			
Whether my opinion or not the Harry Potter franchise will certainly go
down as one of the greatest series of films in history. I do believe
that the series rivals Star Wars, or any other great film franchise in
history. That being said I wasn't an enormous fan of the first two
films which I haven't seen in some time but I remember not being
overtly impressed. I can say that the films offer absolute breathtaking
visuals and special effects unprecedented in a "kid's film." No one has
ever ventured to make such a gutsy, mature fantasy adventure film
series aimed at kids and teens and they score every time. Nonetheless I
ventured to see the newest installment and was absolutely blown away!!
Granted I did see it on the IMAX theater but I don't think that had
much to do with it. The story was so much more mature, aimed at an
entirely different and diverse demographic. The story was much more
simplistic, easy to follow, the characters were fun and intense, and
the entire film was breathtakingly perfect!! By now Daniel Radcliffe should have the role of Harry Potter down to a
finesse so that no other person could EVER be Harry Potter and I think
he does that perfectly. He's the hesitant hero, the boy wonder that is
humble, honest, torn apart by a mysterious past, soft spoken and a
little awkward. He is the perfect adolescent hero. He seemed to really
come into character into this one and performs the role flawlessly. I'm
not sure as an actor he could do much else but for this role...it was
made for him. Emma Watson also returns as the rather intense Hermione
Granger. She is really the opposite sex of Harry Potter but the same
idea. She is for the girls to follow. She's a little awkward, she's
starting to grow up, date, learn new things...she's also quite good in
her role although I think she has talent left untapped beyond Harry
Potter. As long as the film makers steer clear of sexualizing her just
because she's getting older than it'll be fine. Rupert Grint returns as
the shy, and clumsy Ron Weasley. Together the three of them make a good
team and good friends and each have a different side of adolescence set
out which is good. They all have very distinctive characters and they
all do a great job in their roles. They really have them down pat after
four films. Most of the Hogwart's teaching staff all return as well
Michael Gambon, Robbie Coltrane, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and David
Bradley. To really get into any depth about their characters or
performances is kind of pointless. They are all great actors, most of
them having been around for many years and they all fit into their
roles in each installment and in this one as well perfectly. They are
great!! What truly sets Goblet of Fire apart from the others is the story. It's
brilliant, non stop action and we finally lay eyes on a physical form
of the evil Lord Voldemort, Harry's nemesis played brilliantly by Ralph
Fiennes. New director Mike Newell I must give the most credit too,
taking the helm from Chris Columbus, and Alfonso Cuarn. Newell's
approach is completely different and the film is far more mature and
intense and takes the story so much further than ever before. I would
even hesitate to bring young children to the film because it is that
dark. But it does make it far more interesting for older children,
teens and adults...widens the demographic right out and makes me edge
of my seat for the next installment. The special effects are absolutely
brilliant, they aren't shoddy CGI but rather brilliantly created from
Hogwarts to each magic step of the Wizard's contest. I can honestly say
that sometimes the acting was a little bit campy, some reactions and
overly emotional moments. And the ending was a little bit cut and dry
for the film that it was. Nothing was really wrapped up in the end...it
would have been better to have left it hanging for the next installment
but that's not the Harry Potter way and it's still the best of the
series and an absolutely amazing adventure!! 10/10
			
Harry Potter just makes a spot somewhere inside of you that rings out:
''This Movie Rocks!'' A classical, made with a little inspiration from
the famous writer J.K Rowling. The actors were chosen perfect, the
make-up, hair, clothes, everything was designed perfectly, and nothing
should change. This movie was based on the 4th book of the series,
where there are 3 Triwizard champions all from different schools. That
is, until the Goblet of Fire spits out a 4th name, which is none other
than Harry Potter! But who did it? Surly Harry couldn't have...you must
be 17 or older to enter...was it an older student? A teacher? I know.
I've Seen The Movie In Theatres 46 times. But I'm not going to spoil it
for those of you who haven't. With an excellent plot, you must have
excellent actors/actresses. With Harry Potter you get both. I feel so
sorry for those Children whose parents do not approve. But I have
something to help you out: The POPE himself, said that he recommends
Harry Potter! And Guess What?? So Do I! Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire comes out on March 7th 2006, so that's your chance!
			
Spoilers? This film is lacking much from the book--it left the Dursleys
completely out. It only shows the death of Frank Bryce in at least
three minutes, and the dream of this is bothering Harry. Right after
that, it cuts to Harry in bed, being awoken by Hermione to go to the
Quidditch World Cup, Ron invited him. They cut the game quite short,
but you at least get to see Victor Krum, an amazing player. But the
camp is distrupted by Death Eaters, Vodomorts followers, so they have
to get to school soon after the attack. But at least it has everything
for the Tasks. When Harry Potter enters his fourth year, two other
schools compete in the Triwizard Tournament, three difficult tasks, one
student from each school in it. But, someone put his name in the cup of
people entering, even though he was an under-age wizard. Now he has to
compete in the three deadly tasks, with only his friends for hope.This one is hilarious compared to the other three, and it shows the
people and places in a new way.
			
Harry Potter was the best movie I have seen ever I can't wait until it
comes out on DVD. I love Daniel Radliffe and Rupert Grint in this
movies they both look so much grown up and Emma Watson was fantastic as
usual So I can't wait until March 7th when it comes out When it does
come out I'll be in heaven I will never ever leave my basement because
I will watch it so much I just can not wait until the 7th book and 5th
movie or 6th and 7th movie because I love all the Harry Potter books
and love the movies a lot So when it does come out it will be off the
shelf where I live within minutes. I will camp out at Walmart if I have
to just get this awesome movie
			
I am a huge Potter fan. I saw this movie at the midnight showing. Well
worth the wait and money. Acting was great, and awesome cinematography.
I felt the tension throughout the entire movie.Although I must say, having read Goblet of Fire several times, the
movie does not stay as true to the book as I could have hoped. When
Cedric died was brilliant. I thought that the director would have added
a whole argument/fight scene between Cedric and Voldemort, but he
stayed true to the cruel, quick death. And I must say, Daniel, Rupert,
and Emma have all matured to be very well experienced Potter actors.
Awesome!
			
brilliant absolutely brilliant! i watched this film along with the
other 3 and loved them all and i cant wait to see the order of phoenix
when it comes out!! if you haven't seen this film already i really
recommend watching it as it is really exciting, breath-taking and
totally awesome in every possible way. my sister loves harry potter and
the goblet of fire as she's a very big harry potter fan and has read
all the books, when she first saw harry potter she was gob-smacked,
when we left the cinema the first thing she said to me was "that was
totally AMAZING!!!!" and begged me to go and see it again with her. i
am dreading when the order of phoenix comes out on DVD... as i don't
know how my sister will react! lets just all hope she doesn't grasp the
fact that it hasn't come out on DVD and is just seeing things.
			
I was blown out of my seat with this one. So many emotions were mixed
into this film to make an excellent 4th HP movie. All the
disappointments I had with the third movie were cancelled out with this
one. Where to start! Daniel Radcliffe (Harry) has grown up so much
since the 1st movie, and so has his acting. He is able to bring out his
emotions on screen, especially at the end where sorrow is at it's
highest. Rupert Grint (Ron) does his usual excellent comedy role and
absolutely nails the jealous side of Ron as friction creates between
him and Harry. Emma Watson (Hermione) does a great job, acting mainly
as Harry's support in difficult times. Romance appears to be in the air
with Harry falling for Cho Chang, Ron drooling over Fleur Delacour, and
Hermione and Viktor Krum enjoying each others company. New characters
include 'Mad-Eye' Moody,new DADA teacher, which is portrayed perfectly
by Brendan Gleeson, Rita Skeeter,a reporter, who is reduced to causing
a stir rather than complete havoc like that of the book, Igor Karknoff,
head of Durmstrang, who seems to have a hidden agenda and Madam Maxime,
head of Beauxbatons, who also is falling in love. Snape and Sirius
appear briefly in the film. But it's not all fun and games for Harry
and friends as the Tri- wizard tournament begins to be used as a
killing attempt and Harry falls into grave danger.Who to trust when
evil returns is a mystery. Very scary footage causes this film to have
a higher rating of PG13(USA) PG12(UK)Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire is a must see!
			
This was the best movie yet....it was full of so much excitement!!!! I
saw the movie 3 times now and i could probably go see it again!!!!
Harry is soooo cute in this movie!!! So is Ron and Hermione!!! I
thought that Harry was going to die when they were in the water because
he just all of a sudden started to freak out when he was about to get
out of the water...I was so scared!!! I was out of my seat the whole
movie especially when Harry and Voldemort was fighting!!! I loved the
part when his parents came out of his wand to help him out and also
when Cedric came out and told Harry to take his body back to Hogwarts
with him. I was so close to crying when he brought back the body!!!! It
was just so sad!!!
			
The movie was excellent. The best movie in the series so far, in my
opinion. But, if you have read the book, a lot of things have been
removed. A lot of new characters and important info has been removed,
such as the new character from the book, Winky the house-elf. Winky was
supposed to be Barty Crouches house-elf. Also, the whole Quidditch
world cup was removed, which was a little disappointing. Although,
there were a few parts in which things were mentioned, but not
thoroughly explained, as in the story. Like, the fact that Snape was a
Death Eater. He was mentioned in Dumbledore's pensive, but not fully
explained. Also, Rita Skeeter and Viktor Krum were supposed to show up
and speak more. But, besides the unlimited amount of things removed,
the movie is exciting and funny, and very excellent. I would recommend
to anyone who hasn't seen!
			
Why would I called the best Harry Potter movie till know? Because of
the simple reason that it has everything that a movie needs, if you
hadn't read the books you would come out of the movie theater happy and
thinking that you just seen a Great Movie. But of course I will
understand of some really true fans of the potter series will be
disappointed (Counting myself in) for the omission of main events of
the book, but let's understand and see the positive side of all this,
the book is more 500 pages, and not only the writer but also the rest
of the crew try to needle down to 2 hour movie, lets give them a brake;
So what do we see on the screen, we see a huge resume of the book,
infatuating the good parts, but I will not say that the performances of
the actors wore like an Oscar nomination, but yes, they get better
every time, and the specials effects are absolutely amazing, the whole
complex of the history is for a more adult audience also amazing, and
last, but not least you can go to see Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire, with no need to have seen the past movies or read the books, that
is what it deserves this huge 10 of excellent.
			
Well, for starters the CG was astonishing. The dragon scene was
amazing. One of my most favorites was the dance for the Yule Ball. I
remember it scarcely but I recall step forward, step back, step right,
step left, lift your partner in the air. When Harry goes underwater and
listens to the Golden Egg, the words were not right. It was supposed to
be "Come seek us where our voices sound,We cannot sing above the
ground, And while you're searching ponder this: We've taken what you'll
sorely miss,An hour long you'll have to look, And recover what we
took,But past an hour -- the prospect's black, Too late, it's gone, it
won't come back." That's the whole entire song. I guess they cut that
off for time purposes. Well, the next movie better be better.
			
Basically, this is by far the best Harry Potter film yet in terms of
action, acting ability and emotional detail.First of all action, the first task scene with the dragon is fantastic,
very well shot and realised. I loved the underwater scene as well, in
which Daniel Radcliffe spent a hell of a lot of time underwater I can't
remember exactly how long for, but again it's well shot and has you on
the edge of your seat. The maze scene is a dark and menacing and you
know that, even if you haven't read the book, something is lurking
waiting for them.In my opinion the best thing about this film is the way in which all
the young actors go about handling their parts. Daniel Radcliffe has
improved vastly since his first appearance in the leading role as a
more angry confused young man trying to get to grips with all that is
happening around him especially as he has to deal with death head on
(although obviously he had to do that when his parents died but you
can't help but think that he might have been too young to understand it
fully at that time). Rupert Grint I'm pleased to say is so much better
in this film as well. Don't get me wrong I didn't dislike him but I was
hoping to see a broader side to his acting ability which was exactly
what we got with a more moody jealous slightly immature Ron. Emma
Watson too just seems to keep getting better and looking gorgeous in
the Yule Ball scene as well. As for the others they all do well without
exception. The adults in the cast are as reliable and solid as ever.
Brendon Gleeson deserves a special mention for the fantastic portrayal
of a eccentric Mad Eye Moody.The Yule Ball scene is fantastic and well chorographed with all the
extras dancing in perfect time. In short this is a great film, and I already can't wait till the next
one. Roll on Order of the Phoneix.TJN
			
I loved this movie!!I was however a little disappointed that certain
important things had been left out, like Winky for example and the
Dursleys, BUT you can't compare the movie to the book, because you will
be disappointed!! obviously they cant put everything in and I think no
matter what they do people are never going to be happy with the
result!! So not comparing the book to the movie I thought it was great,
really good special effects, people always play a part way younger than
they actually are so I think Daniel, Rupert, and Emma did a good job at
convincing the public they were 14 year old!! and I can't wait for the
next one! Its going to be so good!
			
I think this is the best one so far. The action is getting better with
each movie, and the kids have become really fabulous actors! I really
loved the first task. I am so impressed with the fall Harry took off
the roof of the castle. But my favorite scene is in the graveyard. They
couldn't have chosen a better Voldemort!! And the confrontation between
Harry and Voldemort was awesome! The only negative thing I have to say
is that it should have been at least 3 1/2 hours long!!! I don't
understand why they insist on keeping it down to only 2 1/2 hours. I
don't know a single fan who would object to a longer movie. I also hope
that they get John Williams back to do the music for the remaining
movies. No one else can compare with him. All in all, I LOVED it!!
			
Great film. I knew it was going to be great because the book is great.
Even they left behind some things of the book, the movie is still
excellent, with all the story, characters, and special effects. And
even people say that in any story, the book is better than the film, I
think this film is as good as the book. Let me explain you the story.Ron invites Harry to his home but Harry doesn't know why. In his house,
he has a dream about Lord Voldemort and Peter Pettigrew, who is called
"Wormtail" by Voldemort. Harry wakes up of this nightmare when, in it,
Voldemort kills an old man.But life continues, and Ron and his parents and brothers take Harry to
the Quidditch Cup, and Harry, with Ron, his parents and brothers, and
Hermione (who is also with them), sees a Quidditch match. In there
Harry is told about a great Quidditch player (who is playing there),
Viktor Krum. After the match, they return to their camping house. In
there, they hear sounds and screams. They think that those are made by
people celebrating, but in fact they're not celebrating, they are
escaping. When they go outside the camping house, they see Death
Eaters, followers of Voldemort. Harry tries to escape put he falls to
the ground and passes out. When he wakes up, everyone's gone, and Harry
sees someone making a spell to the sky. In the sky, a horrible sign
appears. Harry learns that the sign in the sky is the sign of
Voldemort.In the school, Dumbledore says that a tournament will take place there,
but only for students older than Harry's age. That means Harry can't be
in the tournament. Not only Howarts is in the tournament, but two other
magic schools. Even the tournament will be in Hogwarts, two other
schools will be in the tournament. Only one student per school can be
in the tournament. The Tri Wizard Tournament, called like that because
only one student per school is chosen, and there are three schools
playing.They only get selected by putting their names in the Goblet Of Fire, a
magic goblet. It selects one student per school, and that student is
the one who will be in the tournament.Meanwhile, they have a new Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher, the
ex-auror "Mad Eye" Moody ("Mad Eye" because he has a magic eye). Moody
knows about Harry's scar, and he tells that Harry is the only person
that have survived to the killer spell that Voldemort did to him when
he was a child. The spell is Avada Kedabra.The day arrives for the Goblet of Fire to tell which students will
participate in the Tournament. Form Howgarts, it selects Cedric
Diggory. Harry knows him, but he's older than him. From the other
schools the Goblet of Fire selects Fleur Delaceur, and Viktor Krum (the
Quidditch player). The selection is over. Dumbledore announces that the
three wizards are selected, but, for no reason, the Golbet of Fire
selects one more student, when it shouldn't: Harry Potter.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is easily my favorite film of all
time. The special FX, the acting, the musicalmost everything was
superb. I only had a major problem with Michael Gambon, who plays
Dumbledore. His interpretation of Dumbledore is appalling; he is just a
headmaster, and almost violent (like when Harry's name comes out of the
Goblet of Fire), he's not the Dumbledore that Richard Harris was. If I
had my way, Gambon would be sacked immediately. He actually said in an
interview that he hasn't read the books, and he has no interest; he
just reads the script and does what he's told; there's no
interpretation. Basically, he's just in it for the money; people like
that shouldn't acting, because acting is interpreting something to make
it your own performance. But enough about Gambon; the rest of the movie
was terrific. Patrick Doyle wrote one of the best musical scores I've
ever heard. Mike Newell took Steve Kloves's screenplay and worked
wonders with it; he is the first actually accomplished director this
series has seen, and it shows. The FX were wonderful, good enough to
rival those in King Kong. The acting was superb, ten times better than
in Prisoner of Azkaban. Rupet Grint and Emma Watson were great, even
better than in the first three films. Brendan Gleeson was perfect as
the eccentric Mad-Eye Moody; David Tenant was excellent as Barty Crouch
Jr. Alan Rickman, as Snape, was great, as always. Jason Issacs was
excellent, as he always is, as Lucius Malfoy. Katie Leung was great as
Cho; Miranda Richardson was hilarious as Rita Skeeter; and sadly, we
see very, very little of Gary Oldman, who was great in Prisoner of
Azkaban. But my favorite performances were by Timothy Spall, as
Wormtail (perfect choice!), Robert Pattinson as Cedric Diggory (he was
charming, and handsome, and it was heart breaking to see him die near
the end of the film!). Daniel Radcliffe, who actually had himself cry
to film the heartbreaking scene when Cedric's body is brought back to
Hogwarts, was superb. His acting has improved so much over the years;
he was absolutely amazing. But, as much as I loved Daniel Radcliffe's
performance, the performance that stole the movie, and, in my opinion,
the greatest performance by any actor, of all time, was Ralph Fiennes
as the evil Lord Voldemort. The makeup and digital effects combined
with Fiennes's sinister performance made the graveyard scene absolutely
terrifying for me to sit through; he was better here than even in
Schindler's List! If any actor deserves an Oscar for best actor, it
would have to be Ralph Fiennes (unfortunately, the snobs at Hollywood
fail to acknowledge true magic like the entity that is Ralph Fiennes
these days). Forget about Brokeback Mountain; Harry Potter and the
Goblet of Fire is the best movie of the year.
			
This movie is my all time favorite out of the Harry Potter movies! I
cannot wait till its comes out in stores! Me and my friends talked
about it for days! I think some of the characters (like Harry and
Cedric)are very good looking! The theme is really good. The only part
that I may have had a problem with is that it doesn't follow the book,
because I had just got done reading the book and the movie was somewhat
of a shock. But I loved it! I liked the movie so much that I went to
see it in the theaters twice! I recommend this Movie for Harry Potter
fans and for people that love thrilling, funny, and exiting movies!
Please take my work for it!
			
i really enjoyed this movie. i have seen it 6 times and am obsessed. i
loved it. when it comes out on DVD i must get it. i liked that it was a
little bit darker because the trio is getting older and its nice to see
their acting abilities expand. this movie also makes the series more
interesting. it had humor, romance, and action. it kept you on the edge
of your seat exspecially the last 30 minutes of the movie. i think all
the actors and actresses did a really nice job. the music also flowed
well with the movie. and after seeing the movie 6 times i am still not
bored of it. its amazing because usually i would be bored of it by now.
i would recommend this movie to anyone. it is amazing and i gave it 10
out of 10 stars.now since I've seen this one i cannot wait until the
5th movie to come out and see what they do with that one.
			
My vote for the movie would be 10 / 10 (even though have not seen it
but soon shall) but I would like to add that John Williams should have
scored for the latest Harry Potter movie soundtrack. Patrick Doyle has
scored it in a marvelous way. Man...this person has shown lot of
creativity in the soundtrack, as he just paints the whole scene in
front of us just the way John Williams does....!!!! EXCELLENT
JOB....!!!! I shall rate 9.9 out of 10 (Given 9.9 and not 10 because am
a fan of John Williams thats all ;) ). Hope the future ones are created
by none other than John Williams or now can say that Patrick Doyle. As
he has created it in an excellent fashion.
			
I swear, the movies just keep getting better and better. This was by
far the best one yet and it is obvious that the acting of the three
main characters has improved. In particular, Daniel Radcliffe's acting,
which in POA i found to be laughable, amazed me. He drew me in with his
emotion and i was so impressed. I did find the movie to be a little
rushed and I'm sure if i had not read the book previously, i would be a
little confused at some parts. Nonetheless, i enjoyed it thoroughly.
The special effects were amazing, especially during the three tasks.
The dragon scene was remarkably done. The overall theme has definitely
changed and that appears obvious during the first scene of the movie. I
personally prefer the darker, adult theme over the kiddy, "eat slugs"
ones we've seen before. If you haven't seen this movie yet, for
goodness sakes what HAVE you been doing? Pay the money, sit yourself
down,and be ready to be totally blown away by yet another fantastic
Harry Potter film.
			
I thought this was a great movie. I may be biased, however, since Mike
Newell is one of my favorite directors. If you had never known, read,
saw, or heard anything about Harry Potter before in your life and went
to see this movie, you would think it was just a great movie with
humor, suspense, action, some romance, and tested friendships. I mean,
if you figured out all that Voldemort stuff, ya' know?This adaptation focused mainly on the Tri-Wizard tournament, which is
the main focus of the book, but still could've included a crucial
sub-plot (which was cut for time) about Hermione and the house elves.
Anyone whose read the books knows who and what i'm referring to, and no
that was not a spoiler at all.The character development in this movie focused mainly on Harry, of
course, and Ron. They showed Hermione's physical transformation from
the other films, but not her personality. Overall, the movie was great
and included so much chemistry between the characters and a lot of
comedy to my surprise. I laughed at this movie more than some comedies
from this year. if you are willing to go to the movie for length
reasons, it is a great one to go see, or wait for the DVD soon. Have a
great time!
			
This film has to be the most magical movie ever. Warner Bros has
outdone themselves with this film adaption. We see Harry Potter back at
Hogwarts but this time he will be proving himself once more by doing
the tri-wizard tournament. The only thing is he never actually entered
himself. Harry Potter along with his friends, Hermione Granger and Ron
Weasley, must now find out who did it. Once again, this has to be one
of the most thrilling yet spellbinding movie ever. If this movie was
brilliant, I could almost imagine what the next one is going to be
like. Daniel Radcliffe has once again gave a magnificent performance as
the hero, Harry Potter. This film is wicked and is a must for a family
night out.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a very good movie! It shows
Harry in his fourth year of Hogwarts where he is mysteriously entered
in a contest that he knows nothing about. Here in the tournament you
have Harry being tested physically, mentally, and emotionally. He gets
hurt a little bit when he asks Cho Chang to the Yule Ball and she turns
him down, because she has a date already. Then on top of that you have
fire breathing dragons, evil mermaids, and a maze that ends up with
Cedric Diggory ( the other contestant from Hogwarts) dead. He was
killed by the Dark Lord Voldemort after he was reborn by Wormtail(Peter
Pettigrew, or the person that betrayed Harry's parents in the third
installment.)Overall this movie is very good but not for the younger
audience at all. With three people getting killed it is not a kid
friendly movie.
			
WOW! I saw it the night before it came out the day it came out and 3
times more! It was put together beautifully,I just love it.The exciting
this is it comes out on DVD April 11 2006.Wow 3 months from now!I just
love it~!I think they needed to add a few more things they
left-out,like Pigwigen and S.P.E.W. (((Not spew Ron)) (((lol))) but hey
there's always deleted Sean's!So look for it in April! I am writing so
much cause it says 10 lines so I'm trying my best to fill-up this
space.Oh I don't know if Tom Felton is playing Draco Malfoy
anymore,cause if you lookup Harry Potter 5 you'll see his name is not
on the cast list!What are they going to do??They start filming in
February.Good luck!
			
This is clearly the best choice so everyone needs to pick it ti was the
best everything this year! Dan Needs Best Actor Emma Best Actdess Mike
Best Dictor It Should Get Best Everything And Scarst Movie Also!You
Should vote For Harry Potter And THe Goblet Of FIre EVEn If You are Not
Sure What to vote for it was so good i seen it at midnight in my town
when it first show and its all i tho about and think about it was so
good I've seen it 10 times and want to see it so many more time before
it goes out of theaters because then its going to be like 3 Mount's
before i see it again i don't know how i live with out it its so good
it needs to win!
			
yeah.....i really think the movie is EXCELLENT!!!!!!!:):)it's the
greatest of all movies ever:):)i like the most scene where....they
travel by portkey...when they all fell, but Cedric, Mr. Weasley and Mr.
Diggory easily walk through the air!!!i didn't like the last scene when
Cedric dies...and then asks Harry to bring him back to school...awful.
It was so sensitive when Harry cried...he really showed that he is a
person with feelings to!!!:)about the actors....all i can say is..GOOD
JOB!!! they were all great...but i like best Hermione-->Emma! this time
she played really good!!! And Ron to..he played OK...but he was funny
when he made the first touch with girls..he was so
funny!!!!!!!!!!!!!:):):)*good job**ly*
			
I think this movie is absolutely spectacular! I was a little nervous
about how it would end up, because the third movie (in my opinion)
wasn't as good as it could have been, but all my fears were squashed
when I went to see the movie. we went on opening night at the latest
time. It was so awesome! Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupirt
Grint are all great in this. Even though they are much older than 14,
they pull it off well. The tension between Hermione and Ron is great as
well as the tension between Harry and Ron. Also for the DVD I hope they
start doing commentaries. I think that would be so much fun to have the
trio then chatting about the movie. I heard that the director would,
but don't quote me on that.
			
I have seen this film twice tho i have never read the books i think
that this is the best one so far and i can't wait for the next film to
come out. I thought it was brilliant. It takes you right there with
them you feel like your in the movie too. i think that this is Daniel
Radcliffe and the rest of the crew's best film it is also showing them
growing up and fighting like friends do and it is great how they make
up because that is how friends do it. I also think that Emma Watson is
really pretty in this one including the Christmas party they all
attend. I really like this film and i think it was the best film at
cinema last but will also be a great film on DVD.
			
This Harry Potter movie is the best ever!!!It's much more exciting than
the other ones!!!It's much more darker.And Daniel Radcliffe is much
more cuter in this movie.This one is probably darker than the other
ones but that's what makes it exciting.It's scary at moments but not
really scary.I think it's a great movie.It's should probably get an
award for it.IT's totally an eyeopener.If you didn't see it yet you
gotta go see it.I mean Harry battles a killer dragon,swims in a
lake,goes through a maze and his biggest battle this year,his comes
face to face with Voldemort,how much more can you get!!!I can't wait
until the next movie comes out.It's such a great movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
			
HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE IS THE BEST FILM IN THE WORLD JUST
LIKE ALL THE HARRY POTTER FILMS!!!!! The direction, the production, the
actors, the music, the pictures, the landscapes, the script, the story,
the special effects... ALL IS FANTASTIC!!!!!THE HARRY POTTER's ARE THE
BEST MOVIES IN THE WORLD!!! The director(Mike Newell), the
producers,the actors... have made a amazing work!!!!! Harry Potter and
The Goblet Of Fire is so wonderful!!! the magic of this film!!! just
like all the Harry Potter films.It is fabulous!!!! I LOVE!!!!AND IT IS
THIS FILM WHICH HAVE TO WIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HURRAH FOR MIKE NEWELL,DANIEL RADCLIFFE(THE BEST ACTOR IN THE
WORLD!!!!!!),ALL THE PRODUCORS, ACTORS ETC.... Excellent all this
fantastic world of the magic!!!! Harry Potter's world is amazing!!!!
			
This film is the best in the series, so far. Yes, the kids are maturing
into young adults, and they are performing in front of the camera much
better, but this one really is well done. There is a lot of action, as in the other HP flicks. There are also
some cool special effects and some great humor. I must say, I am so
glad that I am beyond my teenage years because I definitely would not
want to relive it...but the hormonally driven teenage years are very
well done, and incredibly funny in this film. The dragons are spectacular and the long anticipated moment of
Voldemort taking shape is worth the wait. It was quite dark and creepy.
I think the rating is a good one. The books get darker, as do the
films. They aren't for the little ones anymore....Very well done, indeed.
			
When I first thought about this movie, I was very concerned about the
task that Mike Newell faced in making a 700+ page book into a movie,
AND make it last less then three hours in length, but after seeing it,
I realized that it is definitely the best so far.They finally captured the true essence of the Weasley brothers in
Goblet. They had all of their best qualities,and jokes. You could
really see Fred and George in Oliver and James Phelps. They were
finally able to play the roles they won. Even though they were so light
hearted and funny, they still showed their mature sides at the end of
the movie, and I applaud them for that.So if you want to see an awesome movie packed full of adventure, humor,
and even a little bit of romance, then you need to see this movie!! I
hope this has help you in deciding whether or not to see this superb
film!!!
			
This movie was amazing! The 4th book was a bit better, but this was the
best movie yet, in the series. There were moments of happiness, where
everyone laughed at something Ron said. However, there were also sad
moments, when my eyes started to tear a little bit. This was the
darkest movie yet, especially since Harry faces the most darkest
dangers yet. Anyway, it was an excellent movie, you won't regret seeing
it, no matter what your age! Currently, there are a few major movies
out, such as King Kong and the Chronicles of Narnia. I saw King Kong,
it was also very well done. (An amazing movie!) I am about to start
reading the Chronicles of Narnia, so I figure I should read the books
before I see the movie. I have heard that it is very good though.
Though, if these movies came out at a different time, I'm sure Goblet
of Fire would be higher up on the popularity list. Excellent movie
though, really! :D -- Cassie*
			
I agree with the statement that Dumbledore was way off, but everything
else in the movie complied with the book with the exception of leaving
out a few characters, such a Dobby, Winky, and Percy Weasley. Harry
Potter and the Goblet of Fire follows the plot line of the book much
better than the other three movies, meaning the scenes weren't just
slapped together. Even though the Dumbledore was portrayed rather
poorly, the rest of the actors did wonderful jobs by keeping the
personalities of the characters within reason. I personally enjoyed
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire more than Prinsoner of Azkaban,
Chamber of Secrets and Sorcerer's Stone. Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire is the best out of all four Harry Potter movies.
			
I totally enjoyed everything about this film!!! The only disappointment
was that it wasn't long enough! Being a fan first of the Harry Potter
films, and then becoming just recently a fan of the books I would be
totally willing to pay extra at the box office just to see the original
director's cut (4 hour) version! It is my hope that they consider this
for the future HP films in order to capture more of Ms. J.K. Rowlings
brilliant literary talent! Once again the Cast and Crew of the film did
a brilliant job! There was nothing amiss with this film and it was
everything I expected and more... I walked out of the theater only
wanting to immediately see it again and again! I am now eagerly
anticipating the next HP film in 2007!
			
First of all, the movie was awesome. It was the best yet, but i think
even better is to come from movie 5. If there is one fault in the
movie, and maybe even the books, its that harry and Hermione aren't
showing that attraction that everyone expects to be. All my friends and everybody else thinks in a future book they will
bring out that tension. We expect some kind of reaction between Harry
and Hermione to come. Harry is very slow with this subject and Hermione
seems to be the one to bring it out of him.You don't see much of this side in the books or the movies. They hide
it when they are near the age for these feelings to kick in and for
them to become more mature in this subject. As you can tell, the actors have changed a substantial amount since the
first movie. Its would be nice for some kind of love twist in the next
movie or two.
			
I have been a Harry POtter fan since 2000, when I was first old and
smart enough to read the books. HP took me into a world I never could
dream of, until then, that is. I spent so many hours dreaming of what
it all looked like, rereading again and again. When I first heard they
were going to make films, I was elated. They were extremely close to
what I had imagined, down to the last knut.Then I saw this movie. It was everything exactly as it should be, the
Dragons.......they were so real. The flying sequences with Daniel
Radclife <3, were spectacular, and the graveyard, oh, the
graveyard.......everything that I had ever imagined was brought to life
by Newell's spectacular directing. I will simply die if he doesn't
direct the rest of the series. He was much better than Cuarn, who
added to many things that weren't in the book, and not enough that
were. Of course, Newell had to leave a few things out, but nothing key,
I haven't a clue what your all whining about.Harry Potter is growing up, that is clear. He had to, we all knew it.
He has to dance with a *girl*, heaven forbid, I can't wait until the
next movie where he actually has to kiss Cho Chang. Hey but If you
thought it was to mature or gruesome, thats your problem, it was rated
Pg-13 after all, it had to be if it was going to be accurate.Like I said, I loved this movie, on a scale of one to ten, I give it
eleven. I recommend that anybody who wants a true piece of art should
see this, I know when the DVD comes out, My player will be running A
lot.
			
this movie was thrilling and captivating it brought charm and magic
with a hint of doom and darkness it all worked fantastically well. the
three tasks were depicted beautifully not a problem with any of them.
the yule ball was breathtaking it was even more lavish and enchanting
than i could ever imagine. the movie had many hilarious one liners
especially when harry and Ron argue. Emma Watson acts with such passion
and emotion, it's hard to believe that it's not reality. however the
actor who really shined was Daniel Radcliffe's who portrayed harry's
every emotion and dilemma with such understanding and realism.we can see Harry, Ron and Hermione have grown up so much. this film
really brought the book to life and i believe it did the book justice
without cutting corners!!! a great book and an even greater gift to see
it on screen!!! I loved it * die hard fans may be disappointed with the
maze scene!!!
			
It's fast going, exciting,and fun! The movie won't ever be as great as
the books, but it gets close to it and isn't disappointing. Got to the
main things and gives you a fun ride. The dark scenes were the best!
The darker the better for Harry Potter --well it will be exciting part
of it. It's really whoa! Then again isn't Harry Potter like that? The
character's have grown and not just physically. The nasty side to
friendship between Ron and Harry was great to see and as always
Hermione trying to smooth things out. Harry is once again a victim to
someone who wouldn't kill him but definitely bother him. Rita really
goes out after Harry and how she tries to make it look like Harry's
with Hermione is cute. Hermione's crying was actually great! I thought
that was her best scene when she's crying on the steps at the Yule
Ball. It's wonderful seeing the different schools and how they are
represented. The music, the action, and the characters were all great!
			
This movie is excellent. I just saw it at the theater last night with
nachos, cheese and spirit. It was excellent acting and production and
costumes. The directing was good too.Although there are many great parts in this movie, my favorite is the
prom scene. It was not very nice of that boy to stand up Hermione the
way he did. Harry was lucky to have been on the royal court. I hate
that one-eyed professor. He does so many nasty things, frames Harry for
stealing Snapes potion mix, puts Harry's name in the Goblet Of Fire,
puts Harry in danger and makes him come into contact with the Dark Lord
Voldemort.Two Thumbs Way Up! 10 out of 10 golden stars. Two Thumbs Way Up!
			
I believe that Richard Harris was the better Dumbledore out of the two
that we have seen. Richard Harris was so much warmer, and he literally
had the famous Dumbledore "twinkle in his eye". It's such a shame that
he passed away, because he was perfect for the part. Michael Gambon is a fantastic actor, but I can't see him as the
Dumbledore that we all know and love. I believe his angry actions in
the fourth film did not match with the book---however! I do realize
that the books and the films are different, and that the writers were
free to do as they wished. I just wish that Harris was back, because he
was the best Dumbledore that we all wanted. He was gentle, yet firm,
and he always protected Harry and treated him as a grandson, or,
perhaps, his own son. Long live Richard Harris!!!
			
This was the BEST MOVIE EVER. I thought that, after the 3h movie, I was
going to be disappointed. First: I thought then that was the best movie
ever and second: how do you put more than 500 pages in 2 1/2 hour? I
didn't see the third movie in theater because it was in the middle of
my exams. But this time, I couldn't wait until the DVD came out. So I
asks some friends and at the 28th December, we went. When the trailers
before the movie started I had this weird shiver all over my body. It
was horrible, I thought I was going to explode. Even when the movie
started I was still nervous, my Coke had to support some serious claps.
The tension, the waiting, it was worth is all. I mean this movie was
great. Romance, action, friendship, humor, it was all there and they
managed to build the tension in that strange way until you actually
couldn't take it anymore. I've seen a lot of horrors and thrillers in
my life, but the only movies i've ever turned my head were 'House Of
Wax' and 'Final Destination'. So when I came out of the building I
couldn't believe it: me, I 15-year old girl, turned her head while
watching 'Harry Potter'? At the end, it was deadly quiet, no one did
make a sound and everyone had tears in their eyes. I've never
experienced a silence that was so filled with tension. My best friend
was even eating her popcorn bag (that was really funny).The last thing I want to talk about is the cast. That was so great:
Cdric was just as I expected,so was Victor. (They were both really
Hot) Harry was so hot (especially that one scene)Hermione was just
beautiful in that dress and Ron didn't look bad either. I mean, how did
the producers knew four years ago that they all would grew up and be so
incredibly SEXY. Really.Best movie I've ever seen... I give him a 10.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire We return once again to our
maturing hero, Harry Potter(Radcliffe), who isn't wasting his summer
away spending time with the Durselys. Instead, the film kicks off to a
mysterious, more matured start with a dark set-up that turns out to be
a dream. Upon waking up, we see Harry at the Weaslys, spending time
with his friends, Ron(Grint) and Hermione(Watson). Just 14 minutes in,
we're back on the train for another year at Hogwarts. This year,
Hogwarts is playing host to a legendary event, the TriWizard
Tournament. Three magical schools come together and one student is
selected from each school to take part in the tournament, in which they
will have to complete three dangerous tasks. But Harry finds himself an
under aged selection, yet he's forced to compete.This 'Goblet' is a model of spellbinding, enthralling storytelling that
doesn't lose itself along the way. Feuled by endless invention, vibrant
special effects and strong performances from our trio makes up to be
the most complex of the Potter films. What sets 'Goblet' apart from the
others is this: It's the first of the Potter films to set the turning
point for the Potter films. It's darker, scarier, funner, more poignant
than it's predecessors. It gets under these characters skin, and
attempts the "epic" scope and emotion of the lord of the Rings films,
the only Potter to even attempt to reach such heights.Fianl Verdict: While the potter films probably will never be taken
seriously enough, Goblet of Fire stands as one of 2005's best movies.Goblet of Fire: 4 from 4
			
Oh My God!!! Best Harry Potter movie of the four by far!!! Harry Potter
and the Goblet of Fire definitely deserves a ten out of ten ranking (or
at least 9...i mean like come one!). I hope they keep this director for
the next movie because he is really, really good and made the movies
just so much more realer and he kept all the right parts of the book.
I'm sure everyone agree's with me. It's got a lot more funny bits. Fred
and George are hilarious. The characters have all grown up a lot since
the last movie. Hermione's shown that she who just interested in books
anymore, and Harry who fancy's someone. The actors are a lot more good
looking to (especially Rupert Grint - isn't he just gorgeous!). I can't
wait till the next movie which i know will be even better (though i
doubt that's possible seeing The Goblet of Fire was excellent!).
			
The very, VERY best movie made of the Harry Potter books. My favourite
book was No.3, but I didn't think the movie of that one was nearly as
good. However this one has exceeded all my expectations. Although I
enjoyed the book, I did think it could have done with some decent
editing as there was a lot in it which didn't really add to the story.
The movie has pared the book down to the actual storyline and as such
it's made SUCH an improvement. And although it is quite long, you don't
notice the time passing because there are always things happening. The
CGI and special effects are absolutely wonderful. It left me quite in
awe (a bit like LotR) at the type of things that they can do these days
in movies. I laughed, I cried, I loved! If you haven't seen this movie
yet, go - NOW! Oh, and it's a must see on the BIG screen.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is by far the best of the series so
far, With superb special effects and an even better story line than the
others it proves to be an excellent family favorite! Although this
movie is a lot darker than the others featuring the return of Lord
Voldemort and then death of one of harry's friends, But it was overall
a great movie! I thought that this movie wouldn't be any good because
lately the director of each movie has varied...but all directors stuck
to the books, well most of it anyway, As a big fan of the book i was
slightly disappointed by all the stuff that was missing although all
the vital stuff seemed to be there, if you only want to watch an exact
interpretation of the wondrous books then this isn't it, it tells the
story just a well as J.K Rowling wrote it but in less detail.All The Favourite Characters are in the movie including some new ones,
Draco Malfoy who is one of the favorite bad boys in the film has a
limited part but does make appearances! And....Harry finally asks out a
girl! It has finally happened even though it turns out to be a doomed
relationship we all have to start somewhere! Overall i give this movie
an 8, it was done really well and the teenage actors have grown up and
are finally ready to play more advanced roles, it is a great movie and
i recommend it for all Harry Potter fans!!!
			
I think this film is the best of the Potter series so far, truly
excellent! the effects, the dialogs, fantastic!I've never been a big fan of Mike Newell and i wasn't sure of that he
could bring out that feeling, the darkness and mystic from a book to
movie. but when i saw the results i became extremely happy, it was the
masterpiece of the year. The actors were of course incredible, Micheal Gambon, Robbie Coltrane,
Emma Watson and so on, great work! the whole cast were great.but i must say there was one thing i didn't like about the movie. There
were no scene with the Dursley's. thats one of the things i really miss
in this movie.
			
Goblet of Fire was a good movie, but I felt that it could have been
really brilliant. After reading the book I thought that the Quidditch
World Cup, along with a few other scenes were pivotal. In the movie the
Quidditch World Cup goes by way too fast. I think that the movie would
have been way better if they had shown the actual match. It would have
been hands down the best scene of all the Harry Potter movies. Also I
was deeply upset with Voldemort. Ralph Fiennes is a brilliant actor,but
they needed to make him look horrific and they failed miserably. In the
novel he is said to have scarlet colored eyes, and they are said to be
catlike. In the movie they are blue. These little detail slips took
their toll in my opinion. Another thing that chapped my ass was the
beginning. The scene with the graveyard and Voldemort killing the
muggle caretaker was brilliant, but it completely left out Harry being
at his uncles house like the novel. It starts with him at the Weasleys
home, awoken by Hermione from a bad dream. That greatly hurt the story
in my opinion since they left out maybe 25 vital minutes of the actual
story. I understand they had to cut time since the movie was already
21/2 hours, but they coulda taken some time from the Yule Ball to aid
this. That scene was way overdone. Overall this was probably my 3rd
favorite behind Prisoner of Azkaban and Sorcerors Stone. IT could have
been brilliant too...sigh
			
Mike Newell; being the first British film director, brought a
distinctive British tolerance to the humor between students, and
teachers, that the other directors failed to provide. The jump to leap
approach for the film kept the laughs, anger, and ploy of Voldemort
savvy for book fans and just, fans, while snappier pickup of the plot
line put everyone on edge for a satisfactorialy horrifying battle,
proving Goblet of Fire to be a true turning point in the actors careers
and the films direction- For the book fans, it is understood that
alterations to the order and detail of a story can be aggravating, but
hey, they worked in nearly two and half hours!
			
Now that the other BIG fantasy series has finished (Lord Of The Rings)
with 3 films.It was time to see if Harry Potter could carry on past 3
films and get closer to the number the books are going to finish on
(the books are meant to finish by book 7). The Plot:With Harrys 4th year at Hogwarts starting,he and his friends Ron and
Hermine go to see the Quidditch World Cup.Part way into the game,some
strange things happen,that leads to the world cup suddenly
ending.During the night,Harry keeps having the same nightmare,of people
from his past(and the past in the films series)getting ready to kill
him!.When he gets to the school,he finds out that there is an event
taking place called The Triwizard Tourament.Where to win the Triwizard
Cup you have to beat 3 very tough challenges.The event is for people
older then Harry.But when The Goblet Of Fire revels which 3 people can
go into the event.It brings out another name:Harry Potter!!Hary does
not know how his name got in there,and starts to think someone at the
school wants to kill him.While he is trying to get ready for the 3
challenges(one being that you have to get a clue for the next mission
by getting past a dragon!,the other is that you have to get your friend
back by going under water,and fighting killer mermaids!,and the last
one is you have to get to the end of a Magic Maze?,that takes him to a
very dark place).While this is happening he has to to think about
something harder.-He has to ask a girl to go with him to the school
dance! View On The Film:First i have to say that as the series is going on,that the 3 leads are
massively improving with each film.The FXs have also massively
improved,and really blend into the film,and still letting the actors
and the story take the main stage.The Screenplay:The Screenplay is by
the man who has written the last 3 films:Steve Kloves,Kloves makes sure
to build the characters and keep on a strong road with the story.He
makes sure that the story is darker then the last films.While the
relationship with Harry and Snap (played by Alan Rickman) is not pushed
as much as it is in the other films,he makes sure to keep it going so
when it gets to its finish in the books,it will work well in the
film.Another very different thing that makes this film stand out in the
series,is that,after something terrible happens to someone near the end
of the film.One of the character's makes a speech that has a very
strong 9/11 and 7/7,political/social feel,which i think makes the film
more interesting for adults, Director:Mike Newll is probably the best
director to have worked on the series up to now.He makes sure the the
films is darker and has a very much more "grown up"look and feel. Final
view on the film: If you want to see the darkest(and Best) in a series
that is building up really well.Then you MUST see this.
			
i've been waiting for this and few minutes before watching the movie i
just had to realize..maybe i expected too much...even if the story and
the different parts got darker and darker, this one was supposed to be
special and i couldn't afford a bad version. Finally i had a lot of
contradictions with my mates, where's dooby?No much details with the
dragons, Rogue is totally out of the subject...but it works. But Riddle
is exactly as i imagined in the book, it's a very sharp and fine
version. Actually, the first thing in my mind was planning to get back
to the theater later on. The worse thing will be to wait until the next
one... The best so far....
			
My congratulations go to Mike Newell. Despite the length and detail of
the book, Mike maintained a good degree of loyalty to the story.
Granted, there were a few skips and jumps, and the speed at which the
events move were clear from the outset. I read all the books a number
of times, and then saw each movie just after release. My expectation
was not too high, because the kind of detail contained in the books
would take much more than a single movie to exploit. This was evident
in The Prisoner of Azkaban, and therefore it was often difficult to
keep up with the plot.In GOF, I found myself laughing and crying in equal measure, and found
it to be thoroughly entertaining. The one lasting memory of this movie,
is that of a 'class' product. The effects were not overdone, the acting
was as good as any of the movies so far, and it certainly paves the way
for the continuing story created with such spellbinding effect by
Joanne Rowling. My best tip for the growing army of Harry Potter fans,
is to treat the books, and the movies, as separate entities. If you
allow yourself to judge one against the other, you will be left
wanting.All round, an extremely good movie, and well worth seeing.
			
The fourth film in the blockbuster Harry Potter fantasy franchise has
Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) facing his greatest challenge yet when he's
mysteriously picked to compete in the prestigious Triwizard Tournament,
a thrilling international competition that pits him against older and
more experienced students from Hogwarts and two rival wizarding schools
in Europe. Meanwhile, supporters of the evil Lord Voldemort (Ralph
Fiennes), called Death Eaters, send a shockwave of fear throughout the
wizard community when their Dark Mark scorches the sky at the Quidditch
World Cup, signalling Voldemort's return to power. But for Harry, this
isn't the only news causing him anxiety -- he still has to find a date
for the Yule Ball. AND ALL THAT JUST IN 2AND A HALF HOURS!!! THIS IS
THE BEST FILM OF THE YEAR!!! I WOULD GIVE 10 VOTES JUST FOR THE SCENE
IN A BATH !!! lol THAT IS HILARIOUS!!!
			
This is the best Harry Potter movie yet. It skips a lot of parts that
were in the book, but, after watching the movie, you wonder if the
missed parts were needed in the book. This movie runs fluently (I
spelled that wrong) and keeps even the ones who know what is going to
happen on the edge of their seats. SPOILER DO NOT READ UNLESS YOU KNOW
THE ENDING ALREADY: I thought that Lord Voldemort looked exactly like
the book described him. Though I do hate the fact that they
continuously pronounce that "t" that was meant to be silent at the end
of his name. Alen Rickman does a great job playing Proffesor Severous
Snape. Unfourtunatly, The actor who plays Dumbledore just does not have
the right voice that Dumbledore should have.
			
I thought it was the best of all the movies so far. Probably because it
can only get meatier now that they've reached the growing up, coming of
age point. With the kids now teens and getting to do all that bumbling
stuff over women that some of us can relate so much too.I was glad to see my favourite HP character, the very familiar feeling
and wonderfully named Ron Weasley getting more to work with and I'd
actually agree holey with those whom may have felt that he started off
from that first movie, at bit unsteady but with an excellent early gift
for timing for one as young as he was. As the movies have gone on, he's
really played on his strenghs and this movie has arguably gotten the
best performance out of him yet. Same goes to the actors behind Harry
and Hermione. I think Emma 'Hermione' Watson was always the strongest
of the three right from the start but as time has gone on or be it
catching up with them, the other two gradually developed more and more
of a match to her. They had to raise their game a bit with this one and
rose to the occasion.It's also been a wonderful help, that the trio has always been
surrounded by such a rock solid supporting cast and the bar was raised
with them this time too, seeing some great new faces in tow. The eye
guy, Mad Eye nearly stole the show, a brilliantly funny creation to
marvel at. And yes, nice seeing the immortal Triggar of Only Fools &
Horses, but actually you'll find he's been in many things, he's always
been a great character actor so every time I see him, I rarely have to
worry about whether I'll be half expecting an "ello Dave." The
'cracker' that is Hagrid had some lovely little moments too, loved his
reply to Harry asking if he'd combed his hair, "As a matter of fact I
have. You might want to try doing the same thing once and awhile." The
great Alan Rickman ruled again as well with that ever so delicious
delivery of his lines, the constant interrupting of Harry and Rons talk
at lunch was comic gold.The Villain front also made huge waves. It was excellent to finally see
what Voldey looked like and I wasn't disappointed. He looked perfectly
suitably creepy, as is fitting to a dark lord of that reputation after
such extended build up. It was a great surprise to see how well cast he
was, cause we all know how badly wrong those kind of shall we say
theatrical heavy villains can go in the hands of lesser or legitably
crazy in a bad way, actors. I supposed there was never reason to worry
too much when in the capable hands of Ralph Fiennes. Just as impressive
were his cronies. The rat like Wormtail in the form of the always
reliable Timopthy Spaul and David Tennant with that incredible
psychotic grin which made him such a visually good fit for the role of
a certain iconic mad doctor were utterly freaky and suitably skin crawl
inducing. The father of the bullying Malfoy has a wonderful Lex
Luthorish slickness and sliminess to him. Speaking of his son however,
he's never showed much of a presence to me, I've seen a long line of
convincing bully characters in movies and I can't exactly put him up
there with the greats, I'm afraid.The ending was great with good meaning driving it forward. They managed
well to get that sudden change in tone to come so naturally. I also
thought that final scene was a very nice touch. The "things our never
gonna be the same" and the "don't we ever get a quite year at
Hogworts." It seemed a nice little way of balancing between being not
too light and not too low a point to leave on. The first ones ending
was the worst, far too sugar coated for my taste, although to be fair,
it's naturally hard to work around it in the world of movies,
considering the kiddie label that the series is branded with and ever
valiantly fights to rise above. It sort of feels as though its evolved
from the family films gendure. Like most of everything else, they've
kinda gotten better with each new movie. They do seem to have now
finally struck just the right balance.Anyway brilliant movie, best of the rest.
			
This movie is amazing.I love it.I highly suggest others go see it.It's that simple.In my own opinion, I think that the Harry Potter movie's grow with the
audience. I don't think this movie (Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire) is for younger kids. It's an amazing movie, but I wouldn't take a
little kid to see it. This one has definitely matured. I'm so excited
for the movie to come out on DVD. I'm waiting impatiently for the next
movie to come out. I hope Harry Potter and the Order of the Pheonix is
awesome as well and matures like all of the other movies have.
			
I went into Gof expecting a treat and what i saw was a whole lot more.
Wow, this movie was brilliant. The gangly 11 year olds we saw in the
first movie have grown up, Daniel Radcliffe is blooming into a bloody
good-looking boy. Emma is gorgeous too, while Ron maintains that same
cheeky humor and I found some of the most funny scenes were the ones
mainly focusing on Ron.My one main complaint is the fact that they missed the Rita Skeeter
animagus scene, as that scene is a key point in book five when they
have to blackmail her to write in the Quibbler. It will be difficult to
navigate around that now.My father and I were in hysterics when Ron comes in completely pale
after asking out Fluer ("and... she was walking and... i like how they
walk.... and then she turned away, and.... i saw her from the back...
they look nice from the back.. and i asked her out...") and when Ginny
says "well, he screamed it at her, it was quite disturbing actually."
And the study scene hall was brilliant too. I like the fact that maxine
is actually /taller/ than Hagrid, i imagined in the other way around in
the book, did i miss some information there? It's a bit of a shame that
Ron swears that one time as that single word ruled out an entire
audience, but hey.All in all that was truly a 'magic' movie, spectacular special effects
nd the suspense is masterful.
			
In issue 107 of Total Film, in an article about 2005's summer
blockbusters' commercial success, it was said that if Harry Potter and
the Goblet of Fire had been released during the summer, we would have
witnessed the ultimate box-office war: Potter vs. Star Wars (Revenge of
the Sith was the most successful movie among those listed in the
magazine). That article's author was right: it would have been a huge
battle, since both HP4 and ROTS are the best episodes of their
respective franchises (actually, ROTS shares the title with The Empire
Strikes Back) and both deal with more mature situations and characters,
as evil is about to make its triumphant return. And in the case of both
movies, the PG-13 rating was justified, the darkness factor being
doubled compared to previous installments (in the case of Goblet of
Fire, we've also got a few puberty-related gags and dialogues which
aren't exactly suitable for everyone). But enough with the Star Wars
comparisons, let's talk about the teen wizard's individual merits.The most important thing is perhaps the new director, Mike Newell, who,
knowing that it would be impossible to adapt the entire book, chooses
to ditch most of the early section (chapters 2-5 are entirely missing)
so that he can focus on the core of the movie: the Triwizard
Tournament, a competition between wizardry schools in which Harry
(Daniel Radcliffe) is selected as the Hogwarts champion. This raises
suspicions because a) he is too young to compete, and b) he did not put
his name in the titular goblet, a magical object which selects the
contestants. Add the fact that Voldemort's mark has started showing up
again, and it is pretty clear this might be the teen wizard's most
unusual year thus far.Because of the action/thriller-style plot, Newell does not just skip
the introductory chapters, he also leaves most of the funny bits out,
with the exception of the Yule Ball and the previously mentioned
teenage-gags, proving he hasn't lost the sense of humor audiences
learned to know in Four Weddings and a Funeral (minus the frequent
swearing, of course). However, fans needn't worry: unlike Alfonso
Cuarn, who directed the third Potter opus, Newell hasn't cut subplots
that will affect the sense of the main story, making Goblet of Fire the
most enjoyable installment in the franchise. (I didn't actually realize
several subplots has been left out until I came back home after the
viewing).The other important element, as always with the HP saga, is the cast:
the original actors are still convincing and use all their screen time
extremely well(particularly Jason Isaacs, Gary Oldman and Alan Rickman,
their roles being downsized to cameos), and the new entries are good
too: Miranda Richardson is brilliant in her comic turn as
gossip-journalist Rita Skeeter (as opposed to her villain in Sleepy
Hollow), David Tennant is remarkably effective as Death-Eater Barty
Crouch Jr.(I'm curious to see what he'll be like as the new Doctor Who
next year), and a special mention is required for Brendan Gleeson, who
plays new teacher "Mad-Eye" Moody, part funny, part creepy, all
weird...But of course, there is one character in particular everybody's been
waiting for since the saga began, one whose presence shouldn't be
anything less than hard to forget: Lord Voldemort. And memorable he is,
played with smug unpleasantness by Ralph Fiennes. Having previously
sunk his teeth in disturbing roles in Schindler's List and Red Dragon,
he knows exactly how to make the best of his limited yet precious
minutes, endowed with the same unsettling charisma that defined
Christopher Lee's Saruman and Ian McDiarmid's Emperor Palpatine (shoot,
another Star Wars comparison!), with whom he forms what seems to be the
trinity of great 21st century screen villains.A perfect entry in one of the biggest franchises ever, Harry Potter and
the Goblet of Fire ensures the magic is kept alive, and it leaves David
Yates, the director of the fifth movie, with a big challenge: make a
film that can live up to this one.9,5/10
			
Since the Potter movies came to the theater, I've been watching them,
and collecting the DVD's, and reading the books the second they were
available for sale. While I enjoyed the different directing style of
the third director, I felt some of the magic was missing from that
movie that was evident in the first 2 movies. Cauron seemed to be going
for a more realistic look at the grounds and castle, but that seemed to
take away from the mystique of the magical aspect of the movies.
However, the 4th installment was a wonderful combination of both
realism and magic, which was really quite breathtaking at times. The
emotional element of this movie was real, and the character of Harry
was really humanized more than ever before. I would watch it 1000 times
in the theater if I could, and when it comes out on DVD, I will be
first in line to take it home. A must see for any Potter fan, this one
is the jewel in the crown so far. I wish Mike Newell could direct them
all, he would give Spielberg a run for his money.
			
The greatest of the "Harry Potter" series of movies, but the saddest,
also. I will keep seeing it on and on, without getting bored not once.
The actors are great and the special effects extremely well made. A few
changes from the initial story-line in the book, but not too many,
which makes "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" one of my newest
favorite movies ever.Worths all the money! I have yet a little problem with how Voldemort
was realized, I've been expecting something more hideous, but works
fine like this too. I have been extremely pleased about the way the
dragon fight scene was realized, the details are wonderful, such as the
dragon ruins the roof of the towers, and the fire he spits. I also
loved the way the "Lake task" was made, although I wish those creatures
were looking a little more different, and as far as I know from the
book, there were males and females, not only non-defined ones.
Howhever, this movie can keep you with the "heart in your neck", as we,
Romanians, use to say. I am also amused that they used my country's
name, Romania, as the country where they took the dragons from, and
made me laugh, thinking that this country looks like the country of all
possible monsters, thanks to Dracula and other nasty things met in the
movies.Some of the things that kinda bothered me were: the way Dumbledore
acts, because seeing him so nervous and angry kinda scared me, knowing
that the book Dumbledore was always calm and calculated, after all, he
wasn't a great wizard if he was always so easy to disturb. I didn't
like at all how Cho Chang looks like, I would have found a better
looking young Asian lady, because this one looks so.... normal, has
nothing special, nothing to pay attention for.Hermione's (aka Emma Watson) acting seemed to me the worst ever of the
4 films, because, such as Dumbledore, she is so tense, nervous and
almost all her replies are like shouting out loud at somebody, like she
is about to lose control every single moment.I don't care about the Dobby and Winky stuff, I didn't like them
anyway, as for the Quiddiche games, I don't care either, so they didn't
affect my opinion.I am sorry, though, for the fact that they didn't show Rita as an
animagus, thing important for me. The fake Moody was too evident with
the tongue flick, but hey, it's a movie for kids, mostly, after all.I was also expecting something else from Madamme Maxime, I was
expecting something big, but also a strong woman, I mean, fatter, but
this one was like a very tall ugly witch. And at the beginning she
walks like the circus big-legs-guys, I am not sure what's the English
name of those things you walk on them, wood made of, and you are very
tall ... She walks like she got no knees and somebody has to keep her
hand to help the actress walking or she will fall.Generally, I won't change my feelings about the movie itself, because
from all 4, this one almost made me cry from time to time.
			
In the Fourth install meant on film of the Harry Potter saga, the
feeling of this movie differs from that of the first three. In the
Prisoner of Azkaban you could tell that the series was starting to get
a dark feeling. This continued into the Goblet Of Fire. When
Harry's(Danial Radcliff) name comes out of the goblet of fire he is as
surprised as everyone else. Jealousy and resentment follow when his
friend Ron Weasly(Rupurt Grint) believes that he somehow figured out a
way past the age line that Dumbledor had put around the goblet to stop
those under 16 from entering. During the first task he takes on a
dragon and tries to capture the Golden Egg. He does so with a very cool
bit of flying. For the second task he must go down and save Ron from
the Merpeople. And the third task was to get to the Tri-Wizard cup in
the middle of a maze. When himself and a fellow tournament competitor
reach the cup at the same time. They decide to take it together. When
the cup turns out to be a port-key they are transferred to a village
where they watch Lord Voldemort return. The other competitor is then
killed and harry battles with Voldemort and manages to get away once
more.Through the first three films there was an underlying comical part in
the films. In this one it is there but only just. It was an excellent
movie and i cant wait for the order of the phoenix
			
My son has grown up with the books, and I've always brought him on
opening night to each of the first three movies (which we also have in
our DVD collection.) He just turned fourteen in October which was
apropos for the release of this movie. Of course again, having been
enchanted by the first three films, (expecially the last Cuaron
sequel,) I again brought him to opening night. Wow, being 48 and a big
lover of the LOTR movies, I was absolutely enthralled! All of the
characters were so much more fleshed out. Radcliffe, Watson, and Grint
have grown so much as actors as well as just, well grown! I think
that's why so many more adults can access this film on a more common
ground. Sometimes we forget what it was like to be a kid, but we never
forget puberty. NEVER!!! The themes and dangers were more adult: The story itself is much darker
and involving. And of course the unveiling of the evil Voldemort packed
all of the emotional wallop it was supposed to convey. I loved Richard Harris as Dumbledore so much, it was very hard for me
to accept Micheal Gambon in the role. However, in this film he really
conveyed a much more complicated and interesting character. No more
omnipotent; he seemed much more vulnerable and human. His deep
connection and fear for Harry was much clearer and well defined. Since
I could no longer hold out reading the next two books in the series, I
can definitely see how this character arc veers seamlessly into the
next two films.Brendan Gleeson, GREAT!! As were all of the supporting actors as usual. And what can one not say about the wonderful special effects! I could
go into details but that would take five pages or more. I can't believe
just how far we've come sometimes in CGI. This film combines live
action with digital animation INCREDIBLY and WONDERFULLY!!!I can't wait for the next one!!!! We'll be there on opening night
again! I don't know how it will top this one, but I still can't wait!Bravo!
			
I went to catch the Malaysian Premiere a few weeks ago and I have to
say it was more than just FANTASTIC!!! The special effects was
definitely the best effects the Harry Potter Saga had ever shown.I have
been a die hard fan before this and to tell the truth I was expecting
it to be quite low since tons of parts had been cut.Clearly,I was
wrong.Mike Newell did a fine job.The actors had definitely grown into
very very good actors.Daniel Radcliffe did a superb job with his
emotions and action.Emma Watson is now a beautiful young lady and
Rupert Grint did amazing face expressions.The jokes were very funny
there was definitely chemistry between Watson and Grint.The new casts
like Stanislav Ianevski,Clemence Poesy,Robert Pattinson and Katie Leung
are also applaudable.Ianevski is perfect for Viktor Krum with his
accent and body while Poesy and Pattinson were good actors and
exceptionally good looking.Poesy carried Fleur Delacour like a true
veela,perfection and poised.Leung,although a small part,played Cho
Chang very nicely.Stunts were all amazing and the sets was
Magnificent.Look forward to Yule Ball sets and 1St TASKS's stunts.Definite Glory!!!!!
			
Have movie audiences been spoilt this year? We sure have! Continuing a
long line of immensely enjoyable films at the big screen, the fourth
instalment of the series is far and away the best, and considering the
class of the last one, that is some achievement. This time around the
director is for the first time a Brit, Mike Newell. Newell's
appointment raised questions about whether the film would have the
visual impact to impress movie fans, in the wake of the previous movie
and of course recent fantasy epics like Star Wars and LOTR. All worries
though were not needed because Newell knocks this one out of the park. This year marks the tri-wizard tournament, hosted by Hogwarts. The
tournament sees three schools competing against each other by sending
out a single champion from each school. The selections are made using
the Goblet Of Fire. Names are put into it and drawn out. The three
champions are drawn but in a bizarre twist the Goblet fires out a
fourth name, Harry Potter, despite the fact he's too young to enter.
The whole school, including Harry's best mate Ron, think Harry has
cheated somehow. However despite being too young the Goblet is a
magically binding contract and so Harry has to compete in the three
deadly tasks. All the while we have the re-emergence of Voldemort
casting an eerie presence over the film. Also the Hogwarts prom night
is on the horizon leading to the first awkward adolescent crushes of
the series thus far. Yes Harry and his mates are indeed growing up and
Newell doesn't want to pull any punches. When the film has to be nasty
it is nasty, and when it has to have hormonally charged teenagers
acting smitten it does so realistically. These guys are 14 years old in
the film and like me and others when that age, are horny little buggas.
Suddenly the guys are becoming gawky and awkward around the girls and
Hermoine is sprouting into a young woman, and catching the eye of Ron
and rival school competitor and quidditch God Victor Krum. The film
actually has sexual tension and a fair old dose of innuendo in it so is
quite daring. Not to mention Harry himself gets sexually assaulted by a
ghost!The film really captures the essence of being that age, whilst also
keeping the adventure side suitably dark. This film really is dark and
some people may find it too dark for a kids movie. However I now think
along the lines that the Harry Potter movies are turning into more
adult movies. Certainly the last one was dark and didn't appeal to kids
of 12 and under as much as the candy coated first two films, but Potter
4 will probably alienate the kiddies. This film was pretty scary I have
to tell you. I nearly crapped my pants several times and I urge you
never to watch this film in a theatre or room with too many young
children in because the smell would be unbearable. Newell is clearly
making a film he'd like to see and being an adult he needs to be
challenged viscerally and this makes for a great movie. This really is
a top class fantasy film and Peter Jackson would be proud. Visually as I mentioned this looks stunning, the cinematography is
superb, the film looks Gothic at times, while we are given more focus
on the actors. The camera gets right into them and stays for longer
than previous instalments. This now means there is immense pressure on
the kids to deliver acceptable performances and they duly delivered.
Emma Watson, although a more peripheral figure this time is excellent,
really coming along as an actress and will certainly have a bright
future, while Rupert Grint as Ron is the same and really delivers a
great turn. However up until now the one actually always considered the
weakest of the three, Daniel Radcliffe, really steps forward and
delivers a superb performance of maturity, that really goes hand in
hand with the character of Potter, who has to learn to grow up fast.
Newell clearly has spent time with these kids, and it shows, especially
with Radcliffe who is given a testing role and doesn't put a foot
wrong. Of course as with previous Potter movies we are blessed with an
outstanding ensemble cast. Returnees Michael Gambon, Maggie Smith, Alan
Rickman and Robbie Coltrane are all top class. Then we have the always
reliable and entertaining Miranda Richardson as Rita Skeeter. Current
Dr Who David Tennant makes a creepy appearance to but the two standouts
are firstly Ralph Fiennes who appears towards the end of the film as
Lord Voldemort. He is cack your underpants scary. Fiennes is taking
this really seriously, he wants Voldemort scary, he wants him nasty, he
doesn't want any hint of the pantomime villain. When Harry comes face
to face with him we know the boy will have to do something special to
avoid dying. Fiennes though is eclipsed by Brendon Gleeson as Mad Eye
Moody. Gleeson is superb as the dark arts teacher, who is clearly one
sandwich short of a picnic. It's a great role and certainly a
performance of both menace and quirk that could see him recognised by
the Oscars.Someone who'll definitely be getting a nomination is John Williams who
continues this years fine form from Star Wars 3 and War Of The Worlds,
to deliver his best score yet with this film. It's atmospheric, creepy,
majestic and very rarely falls back to the memorable Potter themes.
This is not a movie for repeating theme tunes the music has to creep in
and out to match each scene, bringing in the recognisable Potter jingle
with choice and subtlety. It goes without saying Williams could have
three nominations this year! Outstanding film and the most exciting of
the year. *****
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was an excellent movie. There was a
great plot and great special effects to go along. The cast, for the
most part, did well on their parts; the new characters (namely Rita
Skeeter, Mad-Moody, and Voldemort) were especially well casted.The story is about Harry Potter in his fourth year in Hogwarts where he
has to enter the triwizard tournament, a deadly series of contests
between elite wizards. The Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher,
Mad-Eye Moody, gives Harry Potter advice on how to win the tournament.
In the end Mad-Eye Moody's advice was intended to be given to Harry so
he would be killed by Voldemort. Mad-Eye Moody also ends up to be a
different person because he drank the polyjuice potion.Fans of Harry Potter would really like this if they aren't expecting
things to be perfectly like the book. It is impossible to make a movie
completely true to the book, and if one considers that fact, this movie
is excellent all around.
			
i absolutely loved this movie. from the beginning it moves quickly and
is full of action. as an interpretation of a (about) 700 page book,
this movie gets the main parts across in an efficient and non-confusing
way, which can be hard.the special effects of GOF are excellent, especially during the water
scenes and the maze. the directors and CGI people really captured the
world of the book.also, the addition of perhaps more humor than in previous movies
helped. this is such an action packed movie that the humor helps it
move, so that you don't notice until you step out of the theater.of course, people will say that so much was left out from the book, but
there was just too much. i think the movie had the important parts and
portrayed them beautifully, and i recommend this movie to all harry
potter fans.
			
This movie was great!!!!!!!! My sister and I saw it together! Shes in
love with Harry Potter as much as me! I think everyone would really
like it. If your into the magic and you love sometimes a little bit
scary but a beautiful movie. The scenes are just so pretty and most of
the time so colorful. If you haven't seen the movie yet you have to hit
the movie theater and see it as soon as possible! If you've seen the
other Harry Potter movies and now see this one, the characters have
grown up so much. The music is so soft and then gets loud sometimes
when magic occurs. PLease if you didn't see it yet go and see this
wonderful movie that you will love forever!!!!!!
			
This installment of the Harry Potter series combines brilliant visual
effects with an excellent script. The humour helps balance the overall
darkness of the film, but it would be nicer to see some brighter
colours. I would have liked to see some more of Cho, and possibly find out a bit
more back story. For anyone who hasn't read the books, she will seem
like a blow-in, which I suppose she sort of is. Moaning Myrtle's
advances on Harry in the bathtub seem quite a bit out of character
(isn't she supposed to be a shy little thing?), but I can certainly
relate!The dragon scene from the first task is too drawn out. They don't
really need to stray from the stadium, as I am sure they would have
been able to incorporate plenty of near blows inside the small arena.
There could also have been some danger to the audience, which could
have helped with the total feeling of the scene. I was disappointed to
not have any so-called obstacles in the maze, such as the sphinx and
the Skrewts. I can understand how the normal maze worked though,
testing their endurance and not just testing their skill. The second
task was basically good, but I thought they could have played more of
Harry's insistence on rescuing the others as well as Ron.Overall, an excellent adaptation of the movie, although the absence of
Quidditch was a bit disappointing. If they make the trip to go to the
World Cup, we should at least be allowed to see some of the match.Everyone will see it anyway, but I think this time it's worth the time
and money, and not just for Harry Potter obsessives.
			
I just saw the latest movie and I love it. If you haven't seen the
latest movie, go see it. If you hate the Harry Potter series, then
don't go see it. But if you love to watch the movie(s), go see it. But
if you are just curious the Harry Potter character, watch the first
three movies before you go see Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
Because if you don't, then you don't know what's really going on. This
movie is the fourth movie in the installment of Harry Potter series.
You can watch the movie, but you probably would get confused about the
story plot once you get further into the movie. But good work on the
part of the director, producer and the actors in the movie, portraying
the characters of the book series. You also feel the actors portraying
the character's feelings really good and you just feel that there is a
lot of good and a lot of bad in the movie. You just don't know at times
whether or not it's good or bad feelings.
			
OK, besides the fact that: 1. They didn't show the Veela at the World
Cup. 2. The Death Eaters didn't torture the Muggle family. 3. Harry
wasn't supposed to get knocked out. 4. No one fled to the woods when
the Death Eaters attacked. 5. Beuxbaton was suppose to have girls and
boys. 6. Fleur never talked like in the book. 7. They didn't show
Hagrid talking to Madame Maxime in the rose garden, or Harry and Ron
listening, or Fleur and Rodger getting it on in the bushes. 8. Hermione
wasn't suppose to cry about Ron, but walk silently up to the girls'
dorm. 9. Dobby was suppose to give Harry the Gilly Weed, not Neville.
10. They didn't show Winky, or any of the house elves, and they didn't
mention S.P.E.W. 11. They didn't show any of the creature's in the
maze.And that's all I have to complain about. Other wise, IT WAS BLOODY
BRILLIANT!!!! WICKED!!! Absolutely AMAZING!!!!! Good points: 1. They
put in humor and seriousness. 2. Fred and George were hilarious. 3.
They chose great actors and actresses for the parts. 4. Wicked special
effects. 5. The movie followed the book.OK. That's all I've got to say. BLOODY BRILLIANT!!!!!!!!!!
			
I had pretty high expectations for this movie. I went to see it the day
before Thanksgiving with my older sister and younger brother who have
pretty much read all the books. I must say, even though it wasn't as
scary as I thought it was going to be, that didn't stop me from loving
the movie. In fact, I loved it so much, sometimes I forgot it was
supposed to be scary. The special effects were great. The story was
excellent, as were the performances by the actors and actresses. My top
10 favorite characters from this movie were of course Harry, Ron and
Hermione, Alistor "Mad Eye" Moody, Hagrid, Cedric Diggory, Fluer
Delacour (I hope I spelled that correctly), Lord Voldemort, Albus
Dumbledore, and Viktor Krum. Moody was absolutely hilarious, especially
when it came to "teaching Malfoy". Ron was a character who often had a
kind of sense of humor that was dry and at the same time warm. (Spoiler
Alert!!) I liked the scene where Harry and Cedric come back to the
arena after the graveyard scene. It was portrayed very well. It was so
sad I wanted to cry. Cedric was a cool character and he was very nice
despite all the popularity he was getting after the champion selection.
Fluer was a good character. I was afraid for her sometimes, (Spoiler
Alert!!) particularly when she received her dragon for the first task
and the last task, the maze. Viktor was very well-mannered. I wasn't
phased by what happened to him in the maze. It wasn't his fault. Hagrid
and the whole thing with Madame Maxime was quite funny. Albus
Dumbledore was able to show a side to him we didn't really see before:
nervous, anxious, confused, and frightened. And last but certainly not
least, Lord Voldemort. My, my, what a character. I loved Ralph Fiennes
as Voldemort. He commanded my respect and attention in this film. As
the director stated in an HBO first look special for Harry Potter and
the Goblet of Fire, Ralph Fiennes is "immensely well suited" to play
this character. He was creepy and a great form of evil. By that I mean
I actually liked him being evil. Even just the look of him sent
enormous satisfaction of the character into my body. I couldn't wait to
see him again when I went to see the movie again two days later with my
best friend and his family. To summarize this, I came out of the
theater both times very pleased and very anxious for the film to come
out on DVD. I can't wait for this to come out on DVD.
			
I gave Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire a 10. I thought it kept you
on your seat wondering what was going to happen next. the harry potter
movies just keep getting better and better. i ex specially like the
final round of the wizard competition.This movie also leaves you
wanting to know what is going to happen now? did he tell them
everything from the grave yard? i love movies like this and hopefully
their are others who do to. Hermione looked really nice in the movie
and you can see as they grow up through out all the harry potter movies
so far. The books are even better, and since the movie follows the book
to a tee it's perfect.
			
Absolutely terrific. Voldemort looked incredibly evil but at the same
time, wonderfully magical.I must say, Daniel Radcliffe (Harry Potter) has come a long way. Not
only has he matured as an actor, but his expressions and his variating
tones were AWESOME.Emma Watson (Hermoine) has always been an amazing actress. I think she
is the best person to play Hermione. I couldn't see anyone else playing
the role as well as she does.Rupert Grint (Ron), well, in this movie he's more HILARIOUS then
ever!!! His dim-witted remarks and scared appearance give him charisma.The adult actors are great, as you know. But some how the children
outdo them. The feeling you get when the child actors are speaking is
exactly what J.K. Rowling was aiming forA terrific movie, but if you do not like the sight of blood, do not see
it.
			
This was a great movie. Not only was this a great Harry Potter film,
but it was just a great one all around. I think if I knew nothing of
Harry Potter I would still love it. It think it was the best so far.
Most definitely. The others were good, but this one stayed the truest
to the book. It wasn't as rushed either. The others seemed almost
slapped together just trying to fit as much in as possible. This one
flowed so beautifully and gracefully. Not to mention the fact that the
trio are really growing as actors. I am especially impressed with
Daniel Radcliffe. Ever since the movies began he as improved with each
succeeding movie. Rupert Grint is no exception either. He has really
seemed to discover Ron in this movie, what makes him tick and what
makes him who he is. Emma Watson who began as my favorite has seemed to
not improve as much as the others. She is still plagued with the
misfortune of overacting. That is not to say, however, that I did not
enjoy her performance. It was such a beautiful film and I cannot wait
to see where Ralph Fiennes goes with his character of Voldemort. The
scene in the graveyard was downright frightening and it will only
become more so as the films progress. So, all in all, it was a fine
piece of cinema that everyone must go see right away. I thoroughly
enjoyed it.
			
GoF was jam packed with entertainment. It had a lot of sweeping over
landscapes, information was missing, and inaccurate (dragon) but it is
the public's demand for fast pace action that demanded the dragon
should be free to roam. I was disappointed that we did not get to see
Sev showing Fudge the Dark Mark in the Hospital Wing and Sirius with
the Weasley's but they had to be cut because of time limitations. We
did get to see the mark on Crouch Jr though and it was very cool! I did
like the scene with Sev pulling up his sleeves to tap Ron and Harry,
even if it didn't happen in the books. The boys really improved with
their acting! Emma was good too, but I didn't see the amount of
improvement the boys had.
			
Harry Potter is a series of events which amaze me its similar to the
lemony snicket series but has more excitement for example the
tri-wizard tournament were harry has to battle a dragon with just a
broomstick and a wand! Hermione and Ron seem to be a good role model
for children nowadays. I have become so attracted to the series i have
all the books and all the movies apart from 'Harry potter and the
goblet of fire'. The books may seem different to the films but the
books are around 400 pages and more and would take too long to process
in a movie. I gave this film a 10 out of 10 because the graphics and
the realness of all the characters and creatures. Children or adults
should love it!
			
Whilst it is impossible to cover everything J.K. Rowling fits into her
magnificent books, the 4th HP movie was the best yet. The teenage angst was captured perfectly, and there are a number of
very funny scenes - as well as some scarier moments. For those who are
familiar with the story the expectation of what's next to come will
enable younger viewers to see it. If your little one hasn't had the
book read to him/her I would probably get a babysitter - as the finally
climatic scenes in the graveyard with "You-Know-Who" are a little more
harrowing that we've seen before.All in all I thoroughly enjoyed the movie and will probably go again on
the weekend. 10/10 (it just whetted my appetite to re-read the books)
			
People say that the fourth movie is bad because so much was left out-
but wouldn't you still be complaining if everything had been left in
and it was six hours long? If you want to read the subplots, read the
book. Some things in books can't come across in movies that well.
Thoughts, emotion-only scenes, for instance... And subplots are great,
but honestly books are always better than movies.Now that I've gotten that across! This movie is AMAZING. The effects,
the acting... And of course, Dan, Rupert and Emma are great again.
Emma's part was a bit over-dramatic this time, but that's just a minor
flaw. I thought it was interesting that this is the darkest movie so
far, and yet it's the funniest. The end was fantastic and dramatic and
perfect.Getting into that.... (*SPOILER* for those who haven't read the book
before seeing it in theatres, although wtf is with that, read the book)
I thought Voldemort was perfect, perfect, perfect. I had been SO
worried they would mess him up, do it wrong, do something stupid... but
he was EXACTLY how I've always imagined him. Amazingly, it was joy that
leapt into my heart when I saw him form... not fear. well, not until
after I saw the movie a second time and was less giddy about seeing it.END SPOILER anyway I think everybody should see it because it's
freaking awesome, PS I love Katie Leung's accent, its pretty.
			
this movie is not only the best harry potter by far, but also the best
movie i have seen all year. i actually cheered for the characters
(especially harry) throughout the whole thing. this one is even up
there with the lord of the rings trilogy. in fact, i was so surprised
at how emotionally drained i was at the end, Harry's acting was just so
good. it was as perfect as a movie that is based off of a 734 pg. could
be. this has certainly brought my excitement back to the franchise,
(after Prisoner of Azkaban, which was mediocre in my opinion). This
director (who was offered to cap the first hp) has definitely captured
the excitement and the atmosphere of
'you-don't-have-any-idea-of-what-comes-next' that J.K. Rowling
masterfully crafted in her novels.
			
I have been waiting for this movie for a year. It is th fourth adaption
to the Harry potter series. It is the greatest one yet. It starts with
Harry at the burrow then to the Quidditch world cup. then their on the
train back to Hogwarts and then the arrivals of Beaxbatons and
Durmstrang. then the next day the choosing of the champions. And then
on to the task. their is also the Defense Against the dark arts
class.then at the end of the movie its got the return of the villain
VoldermortRalp Phiennes. the fight and then he return to Hogwarts and
alerts the crowd. It is very sad at the end but the whole movie is very
intense. It is excellent film.
			
I admit that I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series- books & films.
I loved the previous 3 films but I thought they left out some important
points in the last one. There is a lot of information to cover from the
book and I think they did a great job fine tuning it to this brilliant
work of film mastery. The scenery and incredible graphics took my
breath away. I get excited every time a Harry Potter film starts and I
hear that music. The films are well worth the wait each time. Note to
parents, this film is a bit darker and more mature, so if your child is
not old enough to read the books on their own, I suggest this movie
will be a bit too scary for them.
			
Overall, this movie was really a giant leap forward. The previous three
had mainly been fillers on what happens in the world of magic and the
introduction to key characters, i.e. Sirius Black, Ron and his family,
the school's staff and grounds. Also, the acting hadn't been up to par
and there were all sorts of problems with the 'maturing' of the actors.
Because the actors have sort of stabilised, the movie contains some
brilliant acting and contains very real scenarios that are prevalent in
many people's lives, such as girls and death. The leap from good magic
to the darker side of magic in this movie is awesome for the majority
of Harry Potter fans, who understand that these books are not just for
children but for adults as well.10/10
			
Having seen this film I was impressed with everything about it. The
special effects, acting, music, locations etc were brilliant. I
thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend anyone who hasn't seen it to
do so. However, what annoyed me was the omission of certain bits from
the film. Understandably, due to time constraints- keeping the film a
manageable length, they could not include everything. I saw the stadium
scenes in the trailer, and with these looking so spectacular, was
hoping for a little more of that. However they barely focused on the
Quiddich match at all, leaving out little details here and there such
as the house elf Winky and her wrongful punishment for crimes she had
not committed. We don't see her at all. In the book she comes with
Barty Crouch JR hidden so he can watch. However he becomes free of his
fathers constraints and it is he who conjures the dark mark hoping to
scare both muggles, witches, wizards and especially those Death Eaters
present who did not suffer in Askaban for Vodemort, like he did. He
remains at large due to everyones belief that he died in Askaban some
years previously and the fact that Winky was caught with the wand that
did the spell. She covered up for him by removing the wand as he lay
stunned and hidden from view. At Hogwarts, there is great speculation
about the triwizard tournament and the contestants. Nosing around for
store is one Rita Skeeter, journalist, busybody and gossip for the
Daily Prophet. Inexplicably she is able to get great stories from
inside the school despite being banned by Dumbledore. How does she do
this? It is never mentioned. She sees harry collapse in Divination and
declares him unfit for even attending school let alone the tournament.
She catches Hermione with Krum and proclaims them to be an item, noting
Hemione's taste for Quiddich players- him and Harry. We see, in the
film, Hagrid and Madame Maxine talking about themselves but this scene
remains unfinished. In the book we see Harry and Ron stuck outside
listening to them, make a horrible discovery, that Hagrid is a half
giant and so must she be. She denies it of course knowing that giants
are fearsome, mean and violent and she'll get a reputation as being
that to, or at least people will hate her or withdraw their children
from her care. However, Harry and Ron are not the only ones listening
in and the next day the front page of the Prophet has a full page
article about Hagrid and his half giant status. How did she find out
thinks Hemione who soon discovers the answer- she is an Animagus- that
is, she can turn herself into a beetle and fly around picking up juicy
tid bits about Hogwarts. Anyway. Go see the film and enjoy.
			
I own the other 3 movies. And I will own this one. I have to say that
this movie is by far the best one yet. The visual effects are stunning,
and I found that the movie stayed more to the plot of the story in this
movie, much more so than in the first three. One thing, however, is
that we are beginning to be able to see the ages of the characters not
matching up to the characters in the book. I am anxious to see how the
director deals with this problem. It is unfortunate, but they did have
to cut out a pretty hefty chunk of the story line, but nothing to
really impair the movie. Some character development was left out, but
again, nothing to hurt the movie as a whole. If you have not yet seen a
Harry Potter movie, and want to see just one to see what they are like,
see this one. It is absolutely amazing and I can't wait for the future
movies (and last book in the series).
			
I saw this movie last night and I had previously read some of the
reviews. They either said that the movie wasn't that good or it was the
best one yet. I went into the movie not expecting it to be the best
movie just so I wouldn't be disappointed. After 10 minutes of watching
to "Goblet" I knew that this was going to be my favorite movie of the
year!!! The movie didn't follow the book exactly but they put in all of
the major parts and the parts that they did take out weren't that
important. Dumberdore wasn't his calm self either but it didn't ruin
the movie like some other reviews said. Even though I have read the
book numerous times, my heart was still pumping in many occasions!! The
acting was great too; Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson
have gotten much better since the first movie. Mike Newell did a great
job directing as well. What more can I say? I LOVED the movie and I
hope that all of the other Harry Potter lovers will enjoy this movie as
much as I have. Go out and watch it as soon as you can, it is
definitely worth it!!! And even if you aren't a Harry Potter lover
(don't know why anyone wouldn't be) you should still go out and see
it!!!
			
***Contains spoilers*** Still here? If you haven't watched or read the
book don't read any further....Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire's director is ace. He managed to
make me cry after Harry and Cedric (*dead*) come back to Hogwarts and
I've only cried during games and books. Never movies... (Well, I've
also cried in Lotr Rotk but LOTR's not a film it's art) That was the
first film to manage making me cry. Not tearry, I'm talking about
sobbing.. And when the scene ended. I stopped. Directing magic...After that it was the fact that despite it's short length you really
felt as if the movie was going for hours and this was a good thing
after the rushed movie version of HP#3.I also liked a lot that Deatheaters looked like members of the KKK only
clad in black. That's a nice way to teach children that racism in any
kind isn't 'cool'.Big pluses: Emma Watson whose acting has improved loads and tons.
Angry!Dumbledore, Snape in the library and the line "Potter, what's
your hurry?" <-priceless :) Disappointing facts: Dumbledore didn't
explain why the wands connected, Hagrid never revealed being a giant,
No Bill& Charlie and no Animagus!Rita Skeeter... Sniff... Oh and Emma's
dress. Why pink? Hermione+pink= no way.
			
Harry Potter - Goblet Of fire is the best movie yet! The special
effects and CGI were brilliant. In this fourth adaption of JK Rowlings
famous book series, Harry Potter's fourth year at Hogwarts is darker
than ever as Lord Voldemort is about to rise again but as well as
facing Voldemort, he will compete is the most dangerous competition
yet, the Triwizard Tournament. He must also put on his dancing shoes
for the Yule Ball awaits. Dark and difficult times lie ahead soon Harry
must choose between what is right and what is easy.The Film is good but does move very fast. Mike Newell has done his best
to fit a 700 page book into a 2 1/2 hour movie.So grab the popcorn and get some coke and let the magic begin!
			
Finally, after having waited for this movie for months, I saw "Harry
Potter and the Goblet of Fire", as soon as I could!First of all, ALL Harry Potter fans  and especially, fans of the books
 must take into consideration that they mustn't start counting the
differences between the book plot and the movie plot  it will ruin
everything and I believe nobody wants that. Judge it as a movie, not as
an accurate adaptation of the book. Being a huge Harry Potter fan, I
used to complain about the alterations of the plot, but unfortunately,
keeping every single detail would result in a 4-hour movie!Now, my comments. The first events happen really fast, in my opinion 
the dream, the preparation for the Quidditch World Cup, the Quidditch
World Cup itself and the Dark Mark scene. The last one was a really
great scene but didn't last very much, either.The arrivals of the foreign students happen equally fast, but they are
impressive. The infamous scene where Dumbledore pushes Harry onto the
wall when he asks him if he put his name in the GOF is indeed a bit
strange, we wouldn't expect such violent reactions from Dumbledore, no
matter how worried he is.The 1st task is incredible (the dragon is REALLY scary), as well as the
2nd one. The Yule Ball scene doesn't last very long, but I truly liked
the emotional depth they put into it, in the scene where, when Ron gets
jealous of Krum and tells Hermione off, she cries and blames him for
ruining everything. It was a beautiful scene, showing that the heroes
are now teenagers and their emotions and behaviour get intense.The 3rd task is frightening but not more than the graveyard scene.
Really, the latter justifies completely why the film has been rated
PG-13. Most people won't feel very comfortable watching the scene where
Wormtail cuts his and Harry's hand, although we don't see those precise
moments, but Harry's face and reactions. Voldemort is terrifying  but
you still can tell from his face who's the actor playing him. I really
liked the scene where he unmasks the Death Eaters  so that people who
haven't read the book can understand that among the DEs there is
someone we 've already seen in the movies. The "Priori Incantantem"
scene is really touching, especially where Lily talks to Harry and
Cedric's ghost asks him to get his body back to his father.I nearly cried when Harry gets back to Hogwarts and he and Amos Diggory
cry over Cedric's body. It's a really depressing scene. The ending is
nothing really special.The young actors' performances have really improved and it's great to
see that and the new ones (Robert Pattinson, Clemence Poesy, Stanislav
Ianevksi) are very good, too. The adults (Miranda Richardson, Brendan
Gleeson) and especially the villains (Ralph Fiennes, Jason Isaacs) are
truly AMAZING, they did a great job!To sum up, the "Goblet of Fire" is a great movie, with lots of humour
(Ron's role and the Hagrid-Madame Maxime love story are the best!), but
it's also frightening, touching and most of all realistic, showing
perfectly how it looks like to be a teenager. Mike Newell did a
fantastic job.The "Philosopher's Stone" and the "Prisoner of Azkaban" had been
nominated for Academy Awards but didn't get any. The "Goblet of Fire"
deserves at least one  the special effects are amazing!10/10. One of the best movies of the year and the greatest Harry Potter
movie so far! Definitely worth watching!
			
i saw the film yesterday and thought it was brilliant. i haven't read
the books but have all the DVDs released so far and i know people say
"the films not as good as the books" but i beg to differ. the way they
portray everything, all the detail, imagery, effects, absolutely
wonderful. the films are well worth watching!! i was shocked to see
when Fred and George were not old enough to put their names in the
goblet of fire, they look over 20!! the underwater scenes were
magnificent.just think of all those young actors acting underwater, an
enormous amount of effort must have gone into that. Andmaybe i'm being
a little cynical, but i was disappointed when Ron swore, i wasn't
expecting that!! great film though, can't wait to see it again!
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was by far the best movie I have
seen in an extremely long time. The performances were extraordinary and
moving. Not having read the book first and just seeing the movies, I
have to say that Goblet of Fire was the best out of all the Harry
Potter movies. It made me laugh, it made my cry, but most of all it
made me intrigued. I enjoyed the movie very much, and I'm not speaking
as a fanatic of the series, but as movie goer who enjoys watching
generally good movies. I gave the movie a ten because I believe it
deserved a ten. It was amazing: the special effects were awesome and
the acting didn't seem like that of young actors and actresses, but of
experienced and talented artists. I enjoyed the movie very much and I
recommend it to everyone.
			
This is -- IMHO -- the best of the series so far.While much will be made of the "darkness" of this film, it must be
remembered that the characters are growing up as is the audience for
them. There are a few levitation scenes (those 'boo' scenes that make
the audience levitate 6-12 inches off their seats), and there is a tad
more violence. Fortunately, these scenes are frequently leavened by
humorous scenes and/or bits which take the edge off. Still, I would no
more take a child under 8 to see this film than I would read them the
book it came from.Speaking of the book, the director did a great job compressing 700+
pages into 2 1/2 hours. Regrettably some material had to be deeply
abbreviated (such as the Quiddich World Cup subplot) or jettisoned
entirely as was the subplot involving Hermione trying to 'save' the
'poor, oppressed' house-elf workforce of Hogwarts. No Dobby this time.Another area that bothered some, but not me, was the snarkyness of
Harry and Ron. It must be remembered that they are going through
puberty at this time and subject to typical young male adolescent
behaviors. Kids get sullen, snarky, and their hormones run absolutely
amok. Those of us who still recall that we were once that age can
relate, as did several 15 year olds I overheard chatting after the
film.The only thing I was less than pleased with was Michael Gambon's
portrayal of Dumbledore. He has an unfortunate tendency to chew the
scenery ... a lot. His overreaction to Harry's name being selected by
the Goblet was way over the top. The producers would do well to look
for a Dumbledore more like the late, much lamented Richard Harris. I
suggest Peter O'Toole.All things considered, however, the film ran well, with few, if any
pacing problems and left the audience moved and looking forward to the
next episode.
			
I've seen the movie three times so far, it is by far the best movie
yet!! I was a little disappointed that the dream scene occurred at The
Burrow instead of on Privet Drive. I think the scenes with the Dursleys
are very important for the set up of both the books and the movies, and
I wish they had included those. I liked the way the scenes with Barty
Crouch Jr. played out, I thought those were great. The scene with the
Dealth Eaters were awesome, much better than they were in the book. The
challenges for the Tri-Wizard contest were really good, and much more
interesting than in the book! Dumbledore was a little scary at first,
but he mellowed out in the end. All in all, I think this was by far the
best movie!! They managed to include most of the important parts of the
books, and that's good enough for me!
			
I was very exited for this movie, because a love the other 3, Askaban
was my favorite and still is. Goblet of Fire has a nice story, but in
the movie the story got a little to confused, the effects was nice, the
dragon rocks and the battle between harry and valdemort is priceless.
But why I'm not very happy with this movie? Mainly because the acting
of the 3 kids was awful, they were so bad that I want to die. And where
the hell went their magic? the thing about this movies that was so cool
is that they always are together no matter what, and in this movie they
seem far away from each other, sorry Potters fans, but I got out of the
theather with a leg an a arm missing, the movie doesn't delivers for
me.
			
First, let me say this. If you're looking for the movie to "be" the
book, pull your head out. It isn't gonna be. It never is, it can't. You
can do stuff in movies that you can't in books, and vice versa. So for
all you "Harry Potter" fans that are whining about it, grow up. It's a
rendition of the movie. Someday you'll get your way and you can have
them redone, but it'll be your budget and you'll get to figure out what
to cut so you can keep your job. All in all, I'd say this was an
excellent film. Incidentally, I've read all of the books too. Several
times each, actually.Second, if you're looking for the movie to get darker "in a fun way" as
one comment reads, I'd recommend pulling your head out but it's in so
far you may as well just push it the rest of the way. This is a dark
story. By book 4, it's not "fun" dark anymore. Book 5 gets worse. And
book 6 worse yet. I imagine the last one will be downright scary. Not
for young kids. Enough for your pretty dreams of fun scary. Go back to
your smurf cartoons, that pesky Gargamel is looking for Smurfette again
and just might get her! Third, from another comment, Dumbledore didn't
grab Harry around the neck and shake him. Get your eyes checked. But it
was a very scary sequence, and I thought he acted appropriately.
Remember that while Harry is just a student, the situations he's
involved in are life-and-death for the WHOLE WIZARDING WORLD. I fully
expected Dumbledore to act a little nervous. Especially since it was
Dumbledore's own magic that was supposed to stop this thing from even
happening - and he'd had a previous student that did things that scared
Dumbledore too, didn't he? Tom Riddle what? It was also necessary to
show how everyone was shocked and not just a little freaked out at the
fact that HARRY's name got put in the goblet, and the director had
limited time and people to do that with. Certainly Dumbledore was the
ONLY choice in the situation he was in, he was in charge - can you see
Snape sidestepping Dumbledore to confront Harry? How about McGonagall?
Remember that only teachers were present (well, teachers... and
Crouch).Fourth, to the guy that complained about computer graphics, "ho hum,
did that"..... The future is going to suck for you. Really. Get over
it. What did you want, a real dragon? I suppose you've got one? Or
maybe they could cartoon him in like the dragon in Pete's Dragon.
That'd be cool. Or maybe a group of guys in a dragon suit! Yeah! OK,
no. Computer graphics are the most realistic you're gonna get, so take
a chill pill and until you come up with something better just deal with
the fact that technology hasn't caught up to you and your prissiness.The director did a fabulous job of making the situation as tense as it
needed to be. A student died, and he didn't pull punches on the fact
that he died WITH HIS EYES OPEN. That was a really good addition
because it just added to the stark reality Harry is facing at the end
of the book.There are problems, clearly, but I'd say this is probably the best
Harry Potter movie to date. Very, very pleased with it, and glad that
it's grown up.
			
This movie was the best yet!! JKR just keeps getting better, I couldn't
tear myself away. Already can't wait for number 6. The movie was as
realistic and true to the book as i had imagined and expected it would
be and JKR didn't disappoint. The only thing i wish for is that the
movies go for as long as they need to include everything in the book on
screen. I'm still waiting for the release of the 6th book and hope it's
longer, and more packed full of new adventures and mysteries for a long
reading. The visual effects imitates my imagination as i was reading
compared to the movie, and it can't get any better than that. Anyway
guys it's high time i leave you so you can go and see GoB numerously
like i have. Fair well and happppy watching. Sarah oxoxox
			
I must premise this review by noting that I have not seen any of the
previous Harry Potter movies and had never had the desire to do so.
Still after seeing the trailers and hearing all of the tremendous
feedback, I went to see Goblet of Fire with no idea of the storyline,
no idea who any of the characters were and left the theater HOOKED! I
was glued to my seat throughout the film's entirety and was thoroughly
engrossed with each and every scene. The acting was superb, the young
cast going head to head with such veterans as Maggie Smith, Alan
Rickman, Ralph Fiennes, and so many more. Not only visually appealing,
the storyline and character development were masterful. I have to
admit, I have caught Harry fever, albeit four films late!!!
			
This movie is excellent, even if the time line depicted is a little
crunched. It is darker than the other three, but also has many light
moments. The comedic sections are very funny, while the more serious
parts cannot be mistaken for anything else. It is definitely not
straight from the book, but is close enough that a reader knows what is
going on. However, some characters are not in the movie which have
fairly large roles in the book. They may have been cut for time, but a
lot of people may not have cared how long the movie was. All in all,
even though there are some disappointing parts, this movie is great and
I would see it again. (Actually, I'm going to)
			
Better than all the Godfathers put together! Better than Superman,
Batman, Spiderman and the Green Latern put together! This film made me
want to live again. Seriously, I was on the edge when Danny Radcliffe's
powerful hands pulled me back and shook me to my senses with his
astonishing range and emotional pull. Not to mention so many astounding
French New Wave flourishes. I think this is going to win more Oscars
than Spartacus, Titanic and LoTR combined! Oh Yeah!p.s. Danny Radcliffe is hotter than a really hot freshly baked apple
pie Just like grandma used to make 'emp.s.s. see this film The more you see it the more money Danny gets. Oh
yeah!
			
i would just like to say that i have seen this movie and i reckon it is
amazing. definitely the best one yet. Emma Watson looks gorgeous in it
and all the acts are played well. i hope that the next film(order of
the phoenix) will be even better than the the goblet of fire. there
were several places in the film i enjoyed a lot. the main one being the
end of the film when Voldemort makes his return, the part with the
dragons at the first part of the Triwizard tournament and the part
where Hermione entered the dance about half way through. she looked
gorgeous. however seeings the last few of the films where intended for
children around the age of 8 an up and then this one comes out on
cinema as a 12A i was disappointed and a bet a lot of children where as
well. overall i absolutely loved the film and i cant wait for it to
come out on DVD. oh by the way if u haven't already seen the film go
and see it asap.
			
Four years ago, if someone would have mentioned Harry Potter I would
have said, not that childish crap from Britain again. I admit that I
didn't even get into the series until seeing Prisoner of Azkaban last
summer.Sorcerer's Stone and Chamber of Secrets were children's films. Prisoner
of Azkaban changed everything for the better and the latest
installment, Goblet of Fire raises the bar to unexpected heights.For those who have read the book, it's 734 pages. That's 1 and 2
combined plus a little of Azkaban. I knew that this could not and would
not follow word for word. Plot lines would need to be cut. The content
that dragged the film along eliminated.One can look at this 157 minute film and say that was long. I sat
through all three Lord of the Rings films and Titanic and every other
epic and think GOF is terms of running time is just a hop, skip and a
jump.Editing was crucial and for the most part they tweaked what needed to
be tweaked and got to the most important points. Basicially this film
revolves around Harry Potter and the Tri-Wizard Tournament and the
three, technically four tasks (if you include the Yule Ball like the
book does).We really don't get to see the competition (Cedric Diggory, Fleur
Delacour and Viktor Krum) do much, but the story isn't about them. It's
about Harry and his trials and tribulations. So the tasks do seem short
in that sense.We also do not get to see many of the classes. Just a DADA class. It's
like Hogwarts took a year off and committed to this tournament. We get
very little of the regulars in Malfoy, Hagrid and Snape. Even the new
characters, though well performed get too little screen time with the
exception of Ex-Auror Alastor Moody.Another complaint I have is that the clothes are too Americanized and
too modern. This is supposed to be set in 1994-1995 and yet the
students are wearing trends from 2005 without question.But looking that aside, the film is incredible. The CGI, especially the
Hungarian Horntail in the first task is unbelievable. You can actually
believe that there is a dragon and not something rendered off an
editing studio.This film opens so many windows, many already known through OOTP and
HBP, but also for the series as well. Dan, Rupert and Emma are better
with age. I may have doubted the casting four years ago, but not now.
They are completely focused and it really shows in the last and this
film.I'm just glad that the franchise got over the hump of the first two
movies and after GOF, June 1, 2007 cannot come soon enough for Order of
the Phoenix. 10/10
			
I thought it was amazing i especially liked the part where Harry went
under the lake to fetch Ron. I also liked the Yule Ball. I think Victor
Krum is fit!!! The beginning was okay but they missed tons of it out
because i never saw the Quidditch World Cup play anything, all it did
was show Victor Crum!!! The end was very scary but i knew Harry wasn't
going to die because there are other books as well to be made into
films!!! Can't wait until the next ones come out!!! Voldemort doesn't
look to happy to see Harry and i didn't like it when Cedrick Diggory
died... It was quite upsetting to see his father find out hes . i don't
like madeye moody either he scares me so much with his rolling eye.
			
The tradition is not broken - the 4th Harry Potter movies is the best
one yet, full with terrific action, dazzling plot twists, stunning
visionaries and typical ironic British sense of humour. Dan Radcliffe
is great. I have always liked how he portrays Harry Potter, but in the
4th movie he is simply amazing. If he is so young and can shows so well
the emotions of his character, he has a bright future ahead of him. I
wish him well. He deserves it. But the other actors were very good,
too. As a Bulgarian I can't help, but feel proud with our boy Victor
Krum. He looked like a tiger in this movie, dark and dangerous. And the
dragon, oh, the dragon! Finally someone to show how a dragon should be
made! His chilling fight with Harry was extraordinary. My only
complaint is about Voldemort. He looked too disgusting in my opinion.
On the other hand this is what Voldemort is - a wizard, who thinks
himself great, but actually is a pathetic cruel creature, which takes
pleasure only in suffering. Overall, the 4th Harry Potter is the best
one yet and tied with "The Revenge of the Sith" as a movie of 2005.
Kudos for Dan Radcliffe, Mike Newell and the others, who created the
magic!
			
My husband and I saw this movie over the weekend with our 3 kids, ages
2,3, and 6. We thought the younger two would sleep through it since we
went to an 11pm show. Not true, they all loved it and watched the movie
to the very end. I felt that it did the book justice. Everything I
hoped they would put in was in. The only thing my oldest noticed was
that the Harry Potter theme wasn't really in this movie. Hopefully, it
will be in the next movies, for, even though the theme doesn't really
affect the movie, I would agree with my daughter that it would be like
watching Star Wars, or Superman, or ET without their themes; something
is just missing. All in all, wonderful movie, worth seeing.
			
If you've come to see thriller,romance,action,and some drama you're in
the right place.Don't wait till it goes out on DVD!This is the perfect
movie to watch on the silver screen.It's loud,it's live,it's totally
breathtaking.It by far beats it's predecessor POA.Cuaron shed all of
the back story yet still managed to keep with the plot but it doesn't
have Goblet's balance of laughing,crying, and scary moments even though
Goblet's way darker.If your'e a die hard fan of Harry Potter I'm sure you would have read
tons of reviews(I have!)and you'll know this Harry's got hormones and
it's darker.But there is much more to it than that.Prepare to be amazed
at the epic scale of it;the Quidditch World Cup scenes were amazing.Not only would you notice the hormones raging between Harry and Cho;that three letter word is suggested through out the whole movie.But it
doesn't go over board with it.Durng the scene between Moaning Myrtle
and Harry in the bath my fellow film-watchers were wolf whistling all
around me.This has to be one of the most amusing and intriguing movies of the
lot.I was relieved to see it given justice.POA disappointed me so much.But there is a down side to all the great acting and special-effects.If
you don't follow J.K.Rowling's novels you'll be perplexed in the
duration of certain scenes.Some important information was skimped or
completely cut out.For example the scene with the amazing Gleeson in
the scene where he's scaring Neville half to death.They didn't explain
that this was the cause for his parents near demise.In all my twelve years on this Earth I have never cried so much in a
film.The scene when Harry came out of the maze gripping Diggory's body
was a true tear-jerker.I was snivelling all the way out of the cinema!To wrap it all up, what you should do now is log off,call up your home
girls and make sure you see that movie!
			
I'm a die-hard fan of J.K. Rowling's magical "Harry Potter" series, and
I have enjoyed each of the four Hollywood films that have been based on
her novels, to varying degrees. Chris Columbus' two films were good,
but it was Alfonso Cuaron who elevated the series to artistry, and Mike
Newell follows Cuaron's lead.Cuaron's poetic style and intimate camera is gone, replaced with "Star
Wars: Episode III" epic sweep. Everything in this film is big, loud,
and energetic, reflecting the many changes sweeping through Harry's
world, and the cataclysmic struggle that all informed viewers know lies
ahead. The Triwizard Tournament is the centrepiece of the film,
consisting largely of the three tasks, with the Yule Ball wedged in
between; all leading up to the Little Hangleton graveyard, perhaps the
single greatest scene in all Rowling's canon.As the series evolves, it's young stars continue to thrive. Understated
and effective Daniel Radcliffe, bumbling everyman Rupert Grint, and
energetic, mannered Emma Watson have all become their characters, and
it would be a tragedy were any of them to miscarry before this series
ends. They're backed up, per usual, by the whole British Screen Actors
Guild, doing the damnedest to steal their individual scenes. Michael
Gambon is a powerful Dumbledore, Dame Maggie Smith an intelligent
McGonagall, and Alan Rickman a suave Snape; newcomers like Brendan
Gleeson do great work, although the presence of David Thewlis' Lupin is
missed.To all involved, our thanks.
			
We all know that movies are not as good as the book, but this movie
decided on first 30 minutes on the stuff in the book and the rest of
the time it was hurtling you through the Tri-wizard tourney. I know the
book is long, and it would be impractical to do all the stuff in the
book, but come on, at least use some of the stuff. Also people who did
not read the book might have had trouble with character recognition.
One last thought, bath scene with harry and moaning Myrtle was kinda
weird. This movie is more orientated towards the older kids and
teenagers. The graveyard scene did, in fact freak my little cousin out.
Also, the comedy scene at the ball with the Prof. Flitwick getting
passed along above the crowd was out of taste with the flow of the
movie.
			
I'll be honest I wasn't really a fan of the other Harry Potter films in
fact I wouldn't recommend 1 or 2.Mike Newell has done something Chris
Columbus and Alfonso Cuarn couldn't do,he has successfully created a
Harry Potter film.The screenplay is perfect(A candidate if not winner
for best adapted screenplay if I ever saw one) It successfully takes an
all most 1,000 page book and captures all of it's elements into a 2 1/2
hour movie. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is NOT a children's
movie,it very much earns it's PG-13 rating. Parts of it are in fact
darker than Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy.Michael Gambon
has completely filled in Richard Harris' shoes as Dumbledore.For the
first time we see the Dark Lord Voldemort as an actual threat to
Harry.He is played by the brilliant Ralph Fiennes,and he looks
hideous.Fiennes has created another brilliant villain,he was definitely
a wise casting choice.Our young stars are maturing and their
performances are the best of the series.Harry Potter is thrilling and it doesn't feel dumbed down into a kid
friendly film like the others do. It doesn't want to be a completely
adult film just to be one it is one because this is what the story
calls for.Newell should be the director for the next,his presence will
be missed in the Order of the Phoenix film.
			
It wasn't true to the book entirely, but you can't expect that of a
book that was around 800 pages long! It made an excellent movie!
Although it was very long, none of the time in the movie was wasted or
pointless; everything was important. The director and actors did a very
good job of explaining things about what was going on for people who
have not read the book. My only problem with it was that it had
unnecessary aspects for which it was rated PG-13, such as random
cursing, which didn't seem very Harry Potterish. Other than that, I
would recommend it to anybody. If you like action, but aren't sure if
Harry Potter is your "scene", this would be a great movie to get you
hooked and to make you anxious for the movie for The Order of the
Phenox to come out! Very highly recommended!
			
This movie is obviously from beginning to end the greatest harry potter
movie yet. With a compelling story to tell and new characters it is far
better than expected. I even enjoyed the comedy and normally i'm not
the person to laugh easily. Not to mention that Emma Watson has
blossomed into a beautiful young woman including the other young women
who make for compelling love interest between Hermione and viktor krum.
This movie is sure to be an enjoyable experience for all ages harry
potter fan or not. I myself am a harry potter fan and was only angry at
how harry was not shown at the dursleys this year which I later found
out was due to scheduling conflicts with the actors who play
Dudley,uncle Vernon,and aunt petunia. I'm sure even if you hate the
books you'll love the movie.
			
The fourth installment of the harry Potter series was by far the best
out of the four! Never fails to impress me more and more, every time a
new HP movie comes out its better than the last. If your not a fan and
you don't know what the movie is about, I wont inform you on anything
go see it, you wont regret it.I went to see the Goblet of Fire opening night, as soon as the doors of
the theater opened, the massive line of people waiting outside ran like
they've never ran before. I have never seen such mania, except for
maybe the Harry Potter books. Just goes to show it must be good right?
if so many people go crazy.Go see it, you'll love it.
			
What's more frightening? Tackling a fire-breathing dragon or asking
someone out on a date? Yet another improvement on its predecessors,
Goblet of Fire is the funniest, most exciting, most emotional and most
frightening Potter instalment yet. Radcliffe, Watson and Grint deliver
their best performances thus far, showing a firm grip of the much
darker and more emotionally challenging material here. Newell and
Kloves ensure that the powerful material contained within its complex
storyline is never lost; but they also manage to perfectly capture the
angst and insecurity suffered by our adolescent heroes with a wicked
sense of humour.The ever-expanding ensemble are at the top of their game here, with
top-notch performances from Tennant, Pack, Gleeson and Pattinson (I
know, right?). But stealing the show has to be the Dark Lord himself,
as Fiennes - with a little help from the CGI team - delivers a turn as
Voldemort that marks a definitive transformation to the series. It's
gonna be a rough ride from here on out.Compressing a 600-page book into a film less than three hours long is
never going to be easy, so the most faithful readers may not be totally
satisfied with the absence of some material. For the rest, Goblet of
Fire is simply awesome.
			
I was riveted from the opening sequence to the closing credits. The
special effects were amazing. The growth of these actors from children
to young adults is truly something to see. Sure there were some aspects
of the book that had to be cut out due to time constraints, but I don't
feel that the missing scenes impaired the final product at all. I'll
admit that I did miss the rest of the Weasley clan. I was looking
forward to meeting the actors who would play Charlie & Bill. I even
missed Percy! And just where was Molly? She was supposed to be there to
support our boy Harry. Congrats to everyone involved and I hope that
they continue to do justice to this wonderful series of adventures.
			
I've now seen this film twice, and I'm debating on whether to go see it
again. (I just watched The Prisoner of Azkaban again; formerly my
favorite, it now pales horribly in comparison.) The Goblet of Fire left
out the not terribly important bits, left in the incredibly important
bits, and only slightly tampered with story lines and scenes. You feel
for Harry and the others in a way you haven't been given the
opportunity to do in the past. The cinematography is incredible. The
acting has improved considerably. The twins are hilarious, the lines
come out naturally, and in the end, you really feel like you are
watching the book. The only disappointing thing about this movie is
that it is only 2 & 1/2 hours long.
			
This movie has it all: love drama death friendship and terror... This
is a movie everybody should see... So what are you waiting for... Get a
move on to your cinema... Ooh Radcliffe and Grint are hot in this
movie. We are at the fourth year of school and things gets more exiting
than ever when Harry is chosen to be the fourth person in the triwizard
competition. This means that harry has to face more danger than he has
ever before. And he has too do it alone. Hermione gets her first
meeting with love when she is taken to the yule ball by Krum.. Ron and
Harry gets in a figth but in the end nothing can ruin their friendship.
so all in all this is the best of the potter movies yet.
			
It it the best film of the Harry Potter series. The beginning of the
film looks like Mike Newell would like to run through the book, but
further on he calms down and the story grows up. Funny scenes and big emotionally moments - especially in the end - let
this film be the best of the year 2005.The young actors grow up from film to film and present the viewer their
best work ever.Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a must see for every Harry
Potter fan and especially for those, who were not open for the magic of
Harry Potter. After watching this film everybody will be a Harry Potter
fan.
			
Finally, the fourth Harry Potter movie has arrived. I have been
wondering for months what is would be like, and...wow. I'm impressed!!
The actors have improved dramatically, although I have always thought
they were good. It is possible to see the differences between each of
their characters. The ideas transmitted in this movie continue to be
loyal to the book: Friendship, courage, loyalty, love. Although this
movie is much more dramatic and thriller-like than the other three, it
does not diverge from the main point: A wizard teenager growing up(with
a few added problems, like the fact that Voldemort wants to kill him).
I must congratulate Mike Newell on his direction of this movie. It's
not too fast or too slow, it is exact. Mike Newell, J.K Rowling, the
crew, and everyone who helped with this movie, have been able to
demonstrate how Harry, Ron and Hermione are real teenagers, with
feelings, thoughts, and, of course, jealousies(as is apparent with
Ron). The tasks are amazingly shown. The viewer can almost feel the
nervousness that Harry goes through throughout his fourth year at
Hogwarts. The three main actors must be congratulated separately.
Rupert Grint(Ron) is able to continue being comical and, at the same
time, to act more serious, concerned, sorry or angry, as is necessary.
Daniel Raddcliffe(Harry Potter) is able to act his part amazingly well.
He is able to show his "love" towards Cho Chang in an obvious, but not
overreacted way and, at the same time, he is able to act scared,
nervous, happy, angry and/or sad during the entire movie. Emma
Watson(Hermione) is, in my opinion, one of the best actresses in the
film. She is able to transmit Hermione's thoughts, feelings, ideas,
and, specially, her actions incredibly. It is easy to understand what
she is saying and it looks as if she really does feel what she is
saying. There is something about the look in her eyes during the
different scenes and her body language that enhances clarity ti her
character. She doesn't just recite the lines she has memorized. She
FEELS them!! This is what I call a real actress. All of the actors in
this movie are able to do this, but Emma Watson is exceptional.
Congratulations J.K. Rowling. Mike Newell, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint,
Daniel Raddcliffe and everyone else who contributed in any way to
making this movie so incredible. Oh!!I almost forgot; little children
might not want to watch this movie, as it is a bit scary and we don't
want them having nightmares, so we?
			
Well as serious as this movie was supposed to be it was awesomely
funny. The action was a little short but the special effects were excellent.
The acting was MUCH better than the last 3.Yes some of the editing went awry and some parts are not understandable
the whole thing kept you on the edge of your seat.A must see for all. (Not very young kids) If you've read the book you
will be disappointed (It's best if you don't compare the 2)Mike Newell Did a great job and filled the boundary between both movies
wonderfully.It was all fantastic and the DVD will probably be good as well.As for Harry Potter 5, I wonder how it will live up to these standards.
			
Maybe I am just a fan.. but I was on the edge of my seat... The acting
was excellent; the adaptation held it's own; the emotion was high and
appropriate to the plot. Sure there were holes I think for those who
are not fans of reading the books... but I loved it! Very scary at
parts.. wonderful changes in the characters.. like Dumbledore for the
first time losing control.. well played.. very well played.. what a
performance. The only thing that I can say that would be remotely
negative is that Bartimus Crouch Sr. comes off like a child molester..
I read the books of course to I knew the implication was not that in
anyway.. but for someone unfamiliar, they might wonder at his motives
and why Moody says.. Trying to lure him to an apprenticeship.. It funny
to me as a reader.. but unclear to someone who is not.. BUT WOW,..
fantastic.. different... wonderful.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is an exciting and well made movie.
Because of the size of the book, the decision was made to focus on
Harry and his challenges, including the one with budding romance, which
meant a great deal of trimming from the storyline of the book. Director
Mike Newell's vision of this chapter of the continuing Harry Potter
saga is flawless as he applies just the right touches to give the
viewer the sense of danger and darkness along with a masterful
sprinkling of humor amid both serious and embarrassing moments. Over
all the movie is excellent and the special effects masterful. 2 thumbs
up!
			
The fourth movie is easily the best of the Harry Potter series so far.
It is very roughly unedited and at first viewing that takes away from
the quality of the movie. However, having seen this movies twice I am
very impressed with how much the child actors have matured and stepped
into their roles. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is no longer
simply a children's movie it is an excellent adventure flick for the
whole family to enjoy. I really enjoyed the dynamic between the trio as
they face personal problems that are common with growing up and dealing
with puberty and the challenges of adulthood. Hopefully the gaps of
this movie will be filled in the DVD edition. I would have liked more
on screen time between Dumbledore and Harry, there is almost none.
Since Dumbledore is Harry's father figure there should be more time for
them to bond and share fears.
			
I am in two minds about this movie. Don't get me wrong, it is a truly
magnificent movie with absolutely brilliant Special Effects and all,
but it was somewhat a let down throughout. A lot was cut from the film
and, while I can cope with that and get over it, the whole film seemed
rushed. The scenes were shorter with less detail and seemed to skip to
the next scene too quickly for my liking.Having said this however, the fourth installment of Harry Potter is
really really great! Even if the scenes were short, they still
delivered all of the action of the books. I swear, my heart was
pounding in many of the scenes and I was closer to tears than I have
ever been in a movie or book when a certain character was killed.
Brilliant acting was displayed on screen and I thoroughly enjoyed all
of the light moments which were littered throughout the film.I have one piece of advice to you all: Do not wait for this movie to be
released on DVD! It will not have the same impact and the spookiness of
the graveyard scene in particular must be seen on the "big screen" at
least once. I give it ten out of ten for the simple reason that is
impossible to make a movie that does serious justice to the book it is
based on.
			
I LOVE this Movie!!! I have now seen it three times and have fallen in
love. Every Potter movie is more deep than the last.To All those who think Michael Gambon was a hyper Albus Dumbledore, I
respectfully disagree because he only raised his voice at Harry once
and that was after the Goblet spat Harry's name out. but, however, he
did go off on Harry a little bit then, and I don't remember Dumbledore
being like that in the book. he seemed calm. had Richard Harris been
much healthier and still alive, he would do that scene calmly. You
know, dark times are looming and even the most magical and even-keeled
headmaster is human 1st. and Wizard 2nd..meaning magic may not be able
to stop them from being scared.I respectfully disagree with all who said Daniel Radcliffe and Emma
Watson overacted their parts!! What Daniel is portraying is a stressed
Harry who is forced into a dangerous tournament; fighting dragons,
encountering vicious deepwater creatures and mad maze of hedges; all
the while going through something magic won't be able to eliminate and
that is PUBERTY!!! That pkg. includes: crushes, P.O'd best friends
etc.!!!Now, Emma Watson, as Hermione Granger, is worried about Harry and the
Triwizard Tournament. who would not be worried if one's closest friend
is battling dragons, deepwater creatures and lunatic mazes?? Not to
mention being ticked at Ron for getting overly jealous about Krum. And
if she was not acting, Emma would make Hermione boring...so...tough
vomit!!Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort (Voldy) is so superb. had the Voldy I
imagined down to a science..with a scary image and voice. the
interesting thing is there is a quality about Voldemort that strikes me
as a man who would eat organic foods and practice Feng Shui and yoga
and tai chi, etc. (if you strip all that evil) Madame Maxime, is just
who I imagined. tall, big and soooo in loooove with Hagrid. Now I
admire the hell out of Steve Kloves for doing the hard task of
condensing a 700-page book into a 2 1/2 hour movie. I would have loved
to see blast-ended skrewts and the other stuff in the maze. I have
always enjoyed the Dursley's getting their comeuppances compliments of
Harry Potter and those wild Weasley twins (Dudley eating Ton Tongue
Toffees) But...a Potter fan can't get everything they want in a Potter
movie without it running the risk of being too long and run-on. All the
most important parts were beautifully portrayed. It is a Harry Potter
purist's right to complain, but the next time they feel a complaint
brewing, they should imagine themselves tryng to condense those fat
books into 2 1/2 hour movies!
			
My 2 eldest boys and I went to see this last night. INCREDIBLE! I was
on the edge of my seat and wasn't bored for a second. EXCELLENT
adaptation of novel and (as always) exciting to see what I had in my
imagination cast onto big screen. The Tri-Wizard Tournament scenes were
amazing! I was seeing parts I had forgotten from the book. Wow, this HP
movie is the best yet. I was just so impressed this time. I am at a
loss for words. Or am I? Ugh, anyway, I don't get to see many movies
since the births of my babies in the last two years. I am SOOOOOO glad
I made time to see this one at a theater. I can't wait to buy this one
on DVD in April! Ciao...
			
The fourth installment of the ever popular boy wizard Harry Potter,is
in a word,Stunning.Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire is the best film
in the series,and also the best action/adventure/thriller of the year.I'm not going to say what the film is about:the whole world already
knows about it,what I'll write is what I thought of the movie.OK,so Alfonso Cuaron may have done a Harry Potter movie with details
that make "Azkaban" more than a mere pop-up book:Its a richly crafted
world of wonder.But In "Goblet",there is not much of details.But there
is Human Drama.Its a film developed so skillfully in people's
emotion.It brings a great sense of danger and ordinary life.And
yet,there is Teenage life.There's even humor in the film,and of course
by time,there is sexual tension.One thing I really noticed is how the
film really took its turn by comedic moments.So in other words,its
almost a grown-up comedy.The acting is really good,and Radcliffe has bloomed into a more
confident actor,so when he returns from the Graveyard with one of the
champion's body in his arm,it'll evoke tears of sadness.Watson is also
good as Hermione,she in this movie feels more like a mother figure of
Harry.And finally Rupert Grint,is the one who gives his best
performance to date by his facial expressions. Ralph Fienes,Brendan
Gleeson,and Miranda Richardson are the newcomers to the series as
Voldemort,Mad Eye Moody,and Rita Skeeter.All of these newcomers give
their 100% percent at acting.The task of the triwizard tournament are amazing!But of course,my
personal favorite task is the Maze,since anything can happen in there.Sure,you might think they have destroyed the film by cutting out so
much,but once you think about it,they'v done a "bang,bang,bang" motion
picture.Its never boring and the action comes alive in each of these
tasks.If you start thinking about it,The Dursleys was some kind of
symbol that made the films more childlike,but this time,they'v cut it
out and replaced it by no other than a death and the ultimate plan of
evil.Once you see the end,Hermione says "everythings going to change",and
Harry just gives her a simple "Yes",like some sort of comic relief that
goes in the final scene,but it also means the last shred of hope that
Harry has in the future,and that as long as Harry,Hermione,and Ron stay
together,they'll be forever strong and their maturity bolds them into
much more emotional,powerful people.Its like they loose their innocence
from now on,stepping into the darkest Harry Potter territory of the
series,the territory JK Rowling expertly portrays into a world they'll
have to keep up with fear and despair,but as always,with hope in their
lives.EXCELLENT!
			
Being a devoted fan of the books, I feel obliged to go see each film as
it comes out, but to be honest the first three as everyone knows are
not amazing. Prisoner of Azkaban was a lot better than the first two,
but still not amazing. Goblet of Fire was awesome!!!! It was scary, and
passionate and just amazing. A lot of things from the book were not
included in the film versions of the others, but this one was so much
more accurate to the book!! With the pensieve and what Harry sees in
it, and particularly Neville's reaction to the Cruciatus curse!! It was
just wikkid. And the guy playing Krum is hot too. And Ralph Fiennes is
fabulous. And Pulp are in it!!!! It didn't drag at all, they've really
used the 2 and a half hrs, i couldn't believe id been in the cinema for
over 2 n a half hours when it ended! Mad Eye Moody looked JUST as I had
imagined from the book, so did Crouch's son. And Amos Diggory's
reaction at the end!!! It was heart rending!!!!!! So yeh, go see this
film!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
			
I loved this movie it was the best one so far and the funniest! For
those of you that don't want to see it for the fear of spoiling your
view on Harry's World don't worry it won't it will just broaden your
thoughts on what you think of it. I have to say Voldemort looks wicked
awesome and Ralph Fienes is Awesome! Harry, Ron and Hermione have grown
so much in the past films and continue to. Harry is finding love and
Ron is trying to hide from it. Hermione is finding love in a shall we
say weird place.Once again this movie is great and is very faithful to the book and
many lines are pulled right from the book. The movie is very dark and
even if you have read the book it is still very surprising and scary at
times. Even though they sped through things like the Quidditch World
Cup and Voldemorts Return it is still a very good movie. the movie is
two and a half hours long but you can sit through it. i saw it last
night and was blown away and am anxiously awaiting the release on DVD.
I am a HUGE Harry Potter Freak and hope all of the movies are this
good.
			
Like most other Harry Potter fans, the fourth book is my favorite. I
love every single detail and rabbit trail Jo has in the book, but when
you think about the fact that every page in a book translates into one
minute on the screen, i'm okay with having a 165 minute movie instead
of an almost 800 minute movie. As much fun as it would be to see it
all, we all waited on pins and needles for this movie, and to put every
single thing in would have taken much longer. I was highly irritated
with the way Dumbedore was abrasive and very short with Harry. They
could have handled casting a bit better, I don't think Clemmence Posey
was the best Fleur. She definitely looked the part, but there was no
explanation about the veela. Overall I think the movie was amazing.
Definitely should be watched by HP fans and non-fans alike.
			
This is the best movie in the world!! OMG...I can't believe how much I
loved it I'm going to see it for the second time tonight and this is
only within on week!! I can't wait until it comes out on video so I can
watch it 50 million times.I think that the special effects were really
good!! It was so good I can't even explain. I also thought that the
challenges were so good they looked so real. The movie should always be
rated PG13 it makes it so much more interesting. The darkness and the
small scariness that was really awesome and added so much more interest
to the film. Thank all the actors, actresses, director, producer, JK
Rowling, and all the other people who helped create this masterpiece.
It is the best thing in the world.
			
I just thought that this movie was the greatest! Sure it didn't contain
all what was included inside the book! But come on its a movie...Do you
think that they would make a 4 to 5 hour movie? I highly doubt that
will ever happen! So all you people who think it should be just like
the book..Get lost? No offense but with a book as long as HP, I don't
think they will ever make the movie as long as the book.And contain
every little thing in the book. But all u people who haven't seen
HP(Harry Potter) or even read it..You'll love the movie!So everyone i
suggest you SEE IT! Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is the best
Harry Potter yet.And its also one of the best movies out there! I think
the movie crew did Awesome! I give it two thumbs up!WAY UP!
			
Goblet of Fire starts of with a snake coming out of a skull, slowly
passing the angel of death. Straight of the start you know this is
going to be a dark film. The PG-13 rating is not an understatement.
There are some scenes that will haunt young children. Although anyone
above 12 is safe enough to watch it. Enough about the ratings and
themes. Big question is...how was it? Well it was sooo
disappointing...no i'm joking. It was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!! A few flaws but
it was awesome!!! Mike Newell clearly knows the Harry Potter universe
and i hope he comes back for the last film. The acting was absolutely
superb! Daniel Radcliffe was amazing. How he improved so much i do not
know but he will amaze you.They did cut a lot out but the essentials are in it. The 3 tasks, Rita
Skeeter, The Yule Ball, The FINALE (wink wink) and even prefect's
bathroom scene! The special effects have gotten better as well. The
cinematography was top notch and so was the movie score. Patrick Doyle
had big shoes to fill in and boy did he fill them! Only complaints i
have are that some questions are left unanswered but thats issues with
the book. Go watch it!!!
			
I saw the newest Harry Potter movie on a Saturday afternoon around 3:00
pm I think. I don't remember lol. I was thinking of couple things
before the movie started, acting, special effects and the directing of
the movie. Halfway through the movie I thought it was just alright
until I saw the true acting when Harry, Ron and Hermione were all
fighting. You could think it was a big emotional scene. That's what
people look for in these movies (also action.) The directing was
outstanding. Mike Newell showed lots of the Castle in this movie (some
things were changed though which no one really cares.) Special Effects
were cool. Special Effects were 100% perfect in this onebut the other
special effects in the last 3 were okay too. The music was
outstandinglike always, John Williams is always at his best with the
theme,Patrick Doyle also did outstanding job when it comes to movies
like these. I rate this movie 10 out of 10. Now...I can't wait to see
the next one.
			
Wonderful special effects and sets make this film a great event worth
watching. Part of the fun is how much the series allows you to be part
of the characters' lives. Such as, how they are becoming obviously,
more mature. I highly recommend this film. Another fun part of this
film series is how different ideas and objects are introduced. The
school is the same, but there are new characters which we learn about
as we watch. The fantasy of a person flying in the air with a broom is
enchanting, however, it is just that, a fantasy. The sadness I felt as
the story unfolded was a little unsettling, but it was just a story, of
course. The costumes were, as usual, great, and Maggie Smith was
wonderful as one of the professors. The other actors were fabulous in
their roles. Have a great time watching!
			
great effects! can't wait for the 5th movie even though the book wasn't
really good. the movie was great ! the first task was the coolest. but
there where some stuff in the that didn't show in the movie. i think
this was the best one yet. can't stop thinking about it. i want to
watch it again.Ron Weasley was very funny. Harry was really cool in the
first task, Hermione looked really good in the Yule ball. The last task
was kinda spooky. voldemort looked really weird he doesn't have a nose.
wormtail looked really stupid, he didn't even act like he hurt when he
cut off his own arm. wel i guess i had better go now bye bye!!! can't
wait any more.
			
We watched the day after the first showing of this movie (Nov. 16, that
was the 1st day of releasing here in the Phil, so we watched last Nov.
17) and i didn't expect the movie was totally different from the
Prisoner of Azkaban! And it was awesome and impressive! I love the
cinematography, the effects, the whole movie! Even the other three
Triwizard champs, they new casts even suited on their roles, like
Clemence playing Fleur, Stanislav being Viktor and Robert as Cedric.
And even Cho Chang! I'm glad Katie Leung portray the role and not Heart
Evangelista.... he he To sum up, i would likely to rate it 10 even 11!
he he....
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is like the best movie ever. Daniel
Radcliffe is like so good in the movie. It was kind of confusing but it
was still the best one yet. Anyone who doesn't go see it is crazy. And
anyone who thinks it stinks is even more crazy. Emma Watson looks so
pretty when she goes to the dance. Ron finally tells that he like
Hermine. Rupert Grint looks so ridiculous when he goes to the dance. It
is so sad when Cedric dies. It is kind of sad when that girl says no to
Harry. She was like so stupid i would have said yes any time any day.
That guy with the glass eye is so weird. Dumbldor is like so extremely
awesome.
			
After viewing this movie in theaters, after all of the speculation and
guessing, I must say the one and a half year wait was well worth it.
From the beginning of this movie, from the thundering scores of the
brilliant Patrick Doyle, to the rich, dark scenery, I knew this was a
completely different Harry Potter film. As it opens with a very creepy nightmare, so faced paced it seemed
almost surreal, but still frightening, the juicer part of the movie
begins. Now, I am not going to go and explain the entire plot, for most
all of you have viewed it, but I am going to point out all of the parts
that make this movie very special.First of all, the acting in this film is top notch. My personal
favorite was the brilliantly insane Mad-Eye Moody portrayed flawlessly
by the talented Brendan Gleeson. He was the one that stole the show for
me, although I know everyone is buzzing about Ralph Fiennes's
characterization of the warped, malevolent Lord Voldemort. To me, his
performance didn't stick out very much, but perhaps I was still getting
over the shock of his gruesome appearance. My favorite actress to enter the Harry Potter series is the endlessly
capable Miranda Richardson, whose Rita Skeeter is so seductively
annoying you just want to smack her. Pity she has such little screen
time, but I think they did a very good job of jamming her in every
scene possible. The second female I thoroughly enjoyed was the gut
busting performance by Shirley Henderson as Myrtle who is moaning for a
new, different reason. The new kids on Potter Street, the champions,
were all in all very good, especially Cedric Diggory and his father,
who gave a very raw, tear jerking performance near the end. More
mentions of newcomers include Roger Llyod-Pack, as Barty Crouch, who I
found to be an interesting depiction of such a big politician (Has he
gone through puberty yet? He's like a soprano!), and his son, played as
a complete madman by David Tennant. These two characters have so many
layers in the book; I pitied Barty Jr. soooooo much. He was such a
neglected child, and his father was a emotionless hack. But in the
film, they skim this over, which was what I found most disappointing,
the lack of humanity which is depicted so well in the novels.Moving on to the original actors, boy is the trio good! Daniel
Radcliffe who had a fair few very pathetic scenes in the past, is
really shaping up to be an able actor. Rupert Grint is the most natural
child actor I have seen for a very long time. (I've seen a lot, I'm in
the theater industry.) Emma Watson is excellent, but is sometimes too
dramatic where it is unnecessary, such as the quivering voice in DADA.
The twins are finally completely canon, which makes adds one missing
star to my review. The adult cast is fabulous; Maggie Smith and Alan
Rickman were born for these roles. Timothy Spall is very frightening in
his role, almost more so than Lord Voldemort, and Sirius was a
succinct, passable cameo by Gary Oldman. Some hilarious scenes with
Robbie Coltrane and the very talented Frances De La Tour, one of the
two perfectly cast headmasters beside one not so perfectly cast one.
So, while we're on the subject of casting headmasters, WHO HIRED
Micheal GAMBON? A very talented actor, but portrayed very wrongly. I
don't mind him screaming "HARRY POTTER!" at the top of his voice, but
please, put some personality into it, buddy! I disliked his scenes very
much.Why am I blaming him? Because the excellent screenplay by Steve Kloves
didn't mess up any other characters. Mike Newell captures the essence
of all of the other actors. It must be him. I say, please try to put
back that PoA twinkle Mike!All in all, this is the best possible job I think they could have done
with a two and a half hour movie. Not everything could make it, and
this is the first one where I thought the only things thrown away were
the unnecessary plot lines. Plenty of action, romance, and comedy make
this the ultimate Harry Potter movie. Mike Newell put a lot of heart
into it, you can tell. The Britishness really shows, so I am happy to
hear there is another Brit coming for the fifth. Harry Potter has grown
up, and so is the quality of the films. 10/10
			
All the Harry Potter movies are very good, but this is by far my
favorite. The acting was as great as it has always been, the special
effects were brilliant, and all the tasks were done very well. One of
the major improvements I found was the humor. "Goblet of Fire" is
funnier then the first three movies put together. The fourth movie is
also more mature then the first three, as is the book. It's
interesting, not to mention hilarious, to watch the characters turn
from children into young adults. Daniel Radcliffe has given his fourth
outstanding performance, and has also become a great deal more mature
himself. "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" deserves four stars and
10 out of 10 points! It was an absolutely brilliant movie!
			
OK this film is good... very good. it is simply stunning to look at,
the visual richness is breathtaking in places.the acting, from some of the younger stars in particular, is not worthy
of any Oscars shall we say but, looking back over the other films so
far you can easily see the improvement of the young stars with age.
They all seem to carry of their roles successfully, with a fairly
accurate amount of teenage awkwardness and the newcomers fit in quite
well look out for the gorgeous Robert pattinson(Cedric diggory). The
more adult actors all help pull the film together, a special mention
for Brendan gleeson who is great as mad eye. oh and another special
mention for David tennant (soooooooooo gorgeous).but, one can't help feeling that there are many things missing,
especially if you've read the book, i can understand that they had to
do it this way to get it in on a reasonable run time but, you can't
help but, feel let down.all in all it is a great film and i would recommend it to everyone, may
i just mention that it is that bit darker than the others so parents
with young children beware.oh and all these rumours that are going round... having watched the
film the word f**k does not occur. Ron says p**s but, thats about it.so yeah go see it and enjoy.
			
Months before the movie came out I knew that molly weasly was not going
to be featured in this film and was disappointed. So much was cut from
the book. It would be extremely confusing to someone who has not read
the book. So if you have not read the book I suggest reading the book
before watching the movie. Long book yes...but if you have time on ur
hands and are a fast reader like myself you should be done with it in
about a week. It took me 3 days :P. I was also upset that they cut out
the scene where Sirius Black and Harry met up in dumbledores office
after the maze. I was really looking forward to that scene. The only
scene Sirius had was when he appeared in the fireplace. They really
sped up though the whole movie and didn't explain much through it.
Perhaps Order of the Phoenix will be better *crosses fingers*. Read The
Book if you have not already done so before seeing the movie.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of fire was a spectacular movie that was
well written and also well carried out. This is Mike Newal's first
Harry Potter Movie. The movie does stray rather far from the book It
still finds a way to carry the original plot forward Just as J.K
Rowling wrote It. If you came to see Quiddich you will be disappointed
as there are no matches in the movie. The actors have come a long way
since the first three movies and might surprise you with acting the
Excedes expectations. All of this comes together for a movie that is
well written, well acted and well carry out that makes this a movie you
will want to see again and again. An A for sure!
			
It was amazing.O my gawd!!!!!!! It is definitely the best Potter movie
thus far. I was very pleased how they dealt with the length of the
book. There is so much to put in one movie. I had no idea that they
could pull it off so well. Obviously, there is a lot of information and
sub plot lines missing, but that is to be expected. Honestly, the movie
made me want to re-read all the books again for the umpteenth
time!!!!!!The opening moves along quickly as does the storyline throughout the
length of the movie. There are very few slow moments really at all in
the movie; yet as a viewer, you still can find time to take a look at
the wizarding world around you and take it all in.I was very pleased
with the cemetery scene and the emotions it provoked. Talking about
emotions, Ron and Hermione are already figuring out the obvious mutual
attraction between them. Also, there are more humorous moments in this
film compared to the other three (the Malfoy/ferret scene and plenty of
fun moments with all the dancing and so many more).One of the first things you notice about the movie is how much all the
actors have grown up!craziness... I feel Dumbledore has lost his spark
a bit though; it was not one of Michael Gambon's finer moments, but all
is not lost. The rest of the cast seems to be in top shape! Overall, it
was great! And I know you are probably going to see it anyway if you
have seen the last three...so go now!It is all about Harry growing up
and you-know -who coming back!
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is the best Harry Potter film of
the first four. The tone is darker, the acting is better, and so much
more. There is only a small minimal problem that is no surprise. This
time around, Harry enters his fourth year at Hogwarts. His name got
entered into the Triwizard Tournament and he must compete. Little did
he know that the tournament will lead to eventual trouble with a wizard
who been gone for thirteen years. The acting is better in this film.
Radcliffe is more appealing as Harry. Watson overacts a bit too much,
but she did OK. The supporting actors like Gambon and Rickman are
fantastic. I also liked the music in this film. It has a nice sound to
it. The only problem is that some subplots were left out. I wished to
see the Dursley's, Dobby and Winky, Charlie and Bill, the visits to
Hogsmeade and Sirius, and the midnight argument with Moddy and Snape.
Other than that, this film is sooooo much better than any of the other
films. If I could, I would rate this film a 15/10, but I rate it a
10/10.
			
First off, i am a huge Harry Potter fan. I read the books constantly
and i love watching the films, i am one of those strange Pottermaniacs.
So this film was very important to me as it was one of my favourite
books.I managed to persuade my mum to take me to the first showing of this on
the release day. I booked the tickets several weeks and i then spent
the rest of my time wondering what the film was gong to be like. From
the moment the lights went down to the end credits, i was mesmerised.So the basic storyline is that Harry has to compete in a special
tournament (The Triwizard tournament) when his name comes out of the
Goblet of Fire, which is a big cup full of fire. The trouble is, Harry
doesn't know who put is name in it, because he didn't. The tournament
has three tasks which test the witches/wizards.The film has jaw-dropping special effects, the likes of which i have
never seen before. The dragon in the first task is truly amazing. The
book was done to great accuracy, but a lot of key moments were missed,
the Quidditch world cup match wasn't shown which was a disappointment.
Every scene that did appear though was very much to how i imagined it.
The actors were all superb in their big or small roles, especially
Brendan Gleeson as Moody.The film truly grabs your heart and your mind and takes you on a ride
like no other Harry Potter film before it. It truly lived up to my
expectations. However......there is one problem. The directors seem to
be making the films at a length so that they are durable for smaller
children. This can destroy the point of adaptions and ruin a franchise.
The films need to be made longer, and if need be, split into two parts.But don't let that ruin this completely spellbinding film, because it
is fantastic and that is coming from a true Harry Potter fan. You
really must see this one.
			
Acknowledging first that I am a big fan of all three other _Harry
Potter_ films to date, I strongly believe this is the very best of the
lot. While I do miss the house elves, seeing Harry's 'family' in the
Muggle world, and many other interesting details, characters, and
scenes that weren't adapted from Rowling's fourth book, I feel the
director and screenwriter did an admirable job of pulling hundreds of
pages of text into a movie less than 2 1/2 hours. Beyond that, the
action scenes, such as the extended version of Harry outsmarting the
dragon in the movie, are wonderfully constructed and shot. And the
amazing foreboding of the climatic scene in the graveyard leads to a
masterful translation of that quintessential moment in Harry's life: he
finally gets to 'speak' to his loving parents but only a point when his
life is at its greatest risk, when he doesn't even get to say goodbye
again in the swirl of light and darkness. The young actors are getting
better ever time out and their supporting cast keeps adding more
talented actors. This is an all time great adventure fantasy film.
			
Well I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan and I read GoF probably 6 times
before this came out. Overall this was a great movie. There were many
things I loved about this movie. For Voldemort, Mad-Eye Moody, Cho
Chang, and Cedric Diggory, they picked extraordinary actors, they were
exactly like I had imagined them. Even though it wasn't in the book,
the scene with Ron and Professor McGonagall dancing was very funny. I
loved the scenes with the 3 tasks, they were done exceptionally well
and they were great! But in contrast to the things I liked, there were
also some things I didn't like. For example: The beginning was very
confusing to people who haven't read the book. They don't know who the
old man was (the old man was Frank Bryce by the way, the Riddle
family's gardener, but the Riddles had been mysteriously killed, and
Frank Bryce now looked after the house). They also changed the whole
Quidditch World Cup scene to where almost nothing happened like it
should have, and the house elves were completely cut out! But they
couldn't put in everything! For how long GoF is (734 pages I think, not
100% sure, that number is off the top of my head) they did awesome and
I give it a 10!
			
First let me say that I have seen all four of these movies. and By far
this was the best Film out of the four. I was not much of a Harry
Potter Fan till I saw the first two But this one turn me into a
believer. I love it so much that I bought the hardcover 6 pack. After
reading the Book I see a few things were missing but overall it was
still a very Good adaption. Though the Dragon Scene plays out better in
the Movie then it was written in the book. And the Maze scene is not as
exciting as it written in the book. There are some key elements missing
from the books that is explain in the dialog of the movie so you have
to listen carefully to everything that is said But overall it is still
a 12 for those who have not read the books. Now I own all 4 movies and
I can hardly wait for the 7th Book. I would like to still give it a 12
out of ten but I have to drop it back to 10 since I read the Book
			
The best one I've seen yet. A quality film. Loved every minute of this
film and can not stop watching it over and over again. It was just
magical!! Rupert Grint, Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson all did the
film proud and each one deserves credit for how big the films have
become especially Rupert as he is not usually credited as a main
character compared to Emma and Dan when he should be because I believe
that without all three in the films they would not be able to produce
the right impact. I am glad to see that they have all signed up for the
next film and only hope they sign for them all as they are all great
actors. I wish them all the best of luck and hope that one day I may be
able to meet them to congratulate them in person for already gaining an
illustrious career
			
This movie was killer. I know that there are people out there that get
all agitated because certain things get cut out and whatnot. But that
doesn't make the movie any more or less good. This movie was the best
on thus far. In fact, they only get better with each one. The first two
were good, but they were very kiddie-friendly. With the characters
becoming teenagers, the stories have matured and become darker. Yes,
there are things that are cut out, but this will always be so. If
you've read the book, forget all about it while watching the film. Just
view the film as if you had never heard it before. You will find that
it is a remarkable film. The characters are as dimensional as they need
to be. The story is told well. And who really cares if Dumbledore
shakes Harry. It's not in my character to shake people, but if it were
me, I would have beat Harry down. Yes, it's out of character, but it's
not out of the question. This film is great. Go see it if you haven't
already. If you have, go see it again. If you have read the book and
keep comparing it to he book, go back and see it over and over until
you can view it without comparing it to the book at all. You will find
that this is one of the best films of 2005. Now I can't wait for OotP.
			
This Harry potter movie was the best out off all of them. The dream
that harry has at the start of the movie about he-who-must-not-be-named
was in his old house was an awesome. And where there at the Quidditch
World Cup and the death eaters come. They destroy the whole camp but
they left out were harry runs into the woods. Then the dark mark
appears in the sky. When harry and his friends return to Hogwarts there
is a tournament called the Triwizard Tournament and Harry's name gets
pulled out off the goblet of fire. Ron and Harry's friendship is
challenged as Ron thinks harry putted his name in the goblet without
telling him. Once Ron sees harry faces his first task then Ron realizes
that he could never have done that. They have to go to a ball called
The Yule Ball and Harry asks Cho Chang but she has already going with
Cedric Diggory Harry's main competition. And Ron accuses Hermione of
being with the enemy. And on the last task they go through a maze and
Viktor is bewitched and he tries to hurt harry but Cedric saves him and
as the run together to the Triwizard Tournament cup, Cedric gets
trapped by a vine and harry saves him like Cedric saved him. And as
they grab the cup together they get sent to another place. A graveyard,
were Voldemort returns and kills Cedric. Harry and Voldemort fight a
dangerous and harry's mum, dad, Cedric and the housekeeper come out of
Voldemont's wand and appear as ghost. the ghost hold Volemont off as
harry grabs Cedric's body and the cup and he comes back to the crowd at
the start of the maze. And it was mad,eye moody who had done all this
but he wasn't mad, eye moody he was a death eater. He tried to kill
harry but Dumbledore rescued him just in time.I think it was really sad that Cedric Diggory died because he was so
hot.
			
The book for this movie was so long that it obviously had to be cut
down a fair bit, this was a tad annoying because people who don't read
the books might be a bit confused -but other than that it was really
enjoyable. It was so funny, i was laughing at least once in every
scene!...so be careful when you're eating your popcorn and stuff. The
cg effects were really good and most were believable, Also for girls or
guys if you want, Daniel Radcliffe looks like hes grown up quite a
bit...you'll see what i mean when you see the movie! I really recommend
you see this at the movies-i know someone who hates Harry Potter but
still thought the movie was good! So yea see it!
			
Why do you people compare the Potter books to the films? I mean they're
totally different things. I thought that Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire was the best Potter film so far. Whoever thought that the film
wasn't long enough or that they missed a lot of the book, FINE but I
suggest you have a go at directing the film yourself and then we'll see
how you could turn a 636 page book into a normal lenght film. As a huge
fan of both the books and the films I think that you could enjoy them
both without comparing them. I mean in the Goblet of Fire, Radcliffe's
performance at the grave yard was absolutely stunning. I could almost
feel the pain and fear myself. He just proves he's a real actor with
every Potter film that comes out. Grint's just perfect for his
character and Watson is so bossy, you can feel Hermione in her. To
anyone who hasn't seen the film yet, I suggest you do because it really
is a truly fantastic film and don't compare it with the book.
			
This might be the best of Harry Potter movie that came out.This was
Harry's most toughest year.Harry deserved to win the tournament because he helped save Fleur's
sister.He helped Cedric on the third task.He tried to save Fleur but he
was to late.At least he tried to help.It was sad at the end when Cedric died. And I
can't believe that Voldemort came back!!!.He looked ugly.:)Harry and Cedric were good friends.I thought by the trailer that they
will be mean to each other.That was the best movie I ever saw so far.
			
It's a very good movie in which the special effects are great and the
actors seem really in touch whit their characters.Although the ending
was a bit unusual because i thought that Harry will remain with Cho,
Ron will remain with Hermoine and Lord Voldemort will be stopped but
even so this is the best Harry Potter movie out of all the other three
movies.I think that in comparison with Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's
Stone,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and Harry Potter and the
Prisoner of Askaban this is a lot better and without a doubt a very
larger success than it's other three predecessors.Now I can't wait to
see what Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix will bring because i
wanna see what happens with Harry and Cho,Ron and Hermoine and what
happens to Lord Voldemort.
			
It was more "to the book" than the third movie, and was very funny-
mainly because of Rupert Grint, James Phelps, and Oliver Phelps.
Although the Ron-Hermione relationship was not highlighted as much in
this movie, the movie was still great. Each member of the trio has
become a better actor. There were only a few unnecessary moments that
were inappropriate for younger children. Although the movie is about
two hours and forty- five minutes, the length is not noticeable,
especially to a true Harry Potter fan. The movie consists of constant
entertainment- there was never a dull moment. At all times, the movie
was either action packed or laugh-out-loud funny. I highly recommend it
to all.
			
First and foremost, this is NOT a kids' movie. This is a story about a
boy who is the target of a very ruthless, very violent, and very
frightening killer. As Harry grows older, his problems grow more
mature-themed, and Goblet of Fire is the major pivoting point. To
parents who think they can just send their kids off to the theater for
a cute little Harry Potter movie, be warned that you'll probably want
to see it yourselves first before making that decision. This movie is
scary. There are scenes of torture, mutilation, death, implied gore,
and a bit of sexual innuendo ("What's got your wand in a knot?"). This
movies is rated PG-13, and is about one slip of a mermaid's hair from
being rated R. When I saw it in the theater, the outside doors opened
at least three separate times so a parent could remove their child from
the movie's influence.And you should be able to tell by the opening scene. The first shot is
of a pile of skulls in the dark with a rather large snake slithering
through them. The dark palette is carried through the entire movie,
with the most color existing in a magical fireworks show near the
beginning and in Ron's new robes. Except for these ten to fifteen
minutes of footage, the entire movie is extremely drab, and for the
most part dark.However, for those of you that have read and enjoy the books, you will
not be disappointed. Many sections of the book were cut, as had to be
done for the movie to work. But Newell knew what he was doing; the
important parts (that is, the parts I remember from when I read the
book years ago) are still there. Also included are many direct quotes
from the book, a rarity in novel-to-screen conversions. No important
events were cut, added, or altered, and virtually every character is
played well.Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint are definitely figuring
out how to act, and give a performance that is a huge improvement from
the first movie. With all due respect to Richard Harris, Michael Gambon
should have been the first choice for Dumbledore. Brendan Gleeson plays
an extremely convincing Moody, and Miranda Richardson perfectly
portrays Rita Skeeter's self-obsessed annoyingness.Overall this movie is excellent. I give it a 10 out of 10 because there
is absolutely nothing feasible that I can think of to improve it. Just
beware that this is NOT a movie that you'd want to use as a babysitter.
Remember that it's PG-13 for a reason.
			
It's the Goblet of Fire with a very competent director and a fine cast.
The result is a terrific movie -- fast-paced, gripping, scary, even
occasionally heart-rending. After the first two dismal Chris Columbus
efforts, and the good-but-not-great Prisoner, Harry Potter has finally
come into his own on film. I mean this generically about the movie --
the actor, Daniel Radcliffe, continues to serve largely as the straight
man for the wonderful characters and scenes around him. Whether or not
he's capable of more remains unknown, as Director Newell has shrewdly
kept him within his normal, passive range and thus made more of the
outlandish, magical, unpredictable, sometimes terrifying world he
inhabits. A note of caution, however, there are scenes that could
frighten young children.
			
I laughed, I cried, I was scared and I was thrilled. By far the best HP
movie I have had the privilege of seeing.They did such a great job of nailing the characters as teenagers. Lots
of teen angst and lots of teen humor.Harry has to face such great odds as everyone tortures him over
something out of his control. Seeing Voldemort in real life was absolutely the coolest. The special
effects and the way the creatures come to life is astonishing.I a sure everyone will love this movie and you should be careful taking
the young children to see it. They WILL be scared. The dragon is a
little more vicious than you would think.
			
This movie was amazing. It was the best by far. Also, unlike Prisoner
of Azakaban, it actually included most of the important parts. The
length was just perfect, it could actually go longer. There are only two things that i do not like about this movie.They are 1) Dumbledore- he just isn't as regal and stately as the first
two movies Dumbledore. He is more of a hippie that is trying to act
dignified instead of being that way. But, then again, i complained
about that after the last movie.2) Mad-Eye Moody- It wasn't the actor nor the acting. That was great.
It was how they made him look. The eye annoyed me. It wasn't supposed
to look like that. Other than that, it was amazing and all the teenage girls (including
me) in the theater swooned when Daniel Radcliffe is in the bath. He's
Been WORKING OUT!!!!! Also, Cedric is looking fine!
			
This movie was fantastic; in fact I think so far it is the best of the
series. After some disappointment with Prisoner of Azkaban I was
holding my breath going into this movie, but it not only met but
exceeded my expectations. It is not an exact copy of the books which I
know did disappoint a few people I know but I also understand there is
no good way to make a 734 page book into a movie and keep a movie
audience interested, esp., when a portion of your audience doesn't
necessarily read the books. However I think people need to remember
that this movie is an adaptation, which means it takes the major plot
ideas and uses them for a different medium.The kids did a great job in this movie, it is so much fun watching them
grow as actors as the movies progress. Emma and Daniel both turned in
winning performances and I am convinced that Rupert was born to play
the role of Ron Weasley. Another thing I loved was that Oliver and
James Phelps were in the movie more and that they were acting more like
Fred and George in the books than they have in previous movies, taking
bets on how the Tri Wizard Tournament would turn out and tormenting
Ron. I also noticed that Bonnie Wright and Matthew Lewis played a
larger part in this movie; hopefully this means we will see their parts
increased in the next few movies.The movie did a great job of capturing the humor as well as the darker
side of the book. The Yule Ball was beautiful, the icy theme, and Emma
looked gorgeous. The tension between Ron and Hermione was just as I had
imagined it when reading the book.Going into the movie, the scene that worried me the most was the
graveyard, but this did not disappoint. They kept the terror that goes
through that scene without watering it down. Ralph Fiennes did an
excellent job as Voldemorte; he was just as creepy as I pictured him in
the books. I am also not ashamed to say the end of this scene and the
beginning of the next one (when Harry returns to Hogwarts) as well as
the end of term speech Dumbledore gives, brought me to tears, which
while that part of the book is sad, the book did not manage to get that
response from me.I highly recommend this movie.
			
My favorite scene in the movie is when Snape (Alan Rickman) Wacks,
Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint) several times over their
heads. Another scene that I liked in the movie is when 'Mad Eye'
(Brendan Gleeson) changes Malfoy (Tom Felton) into a ferret. I will
always remember that scene as "Draco The Amazing, Bouncing, Ferret." I
think if they had Julie Walters as Molly Weasley in this movie it would
have been jut a tad bit better. They missed an important points in this
movie, like for example, Harry giving his money to the Twins for their
joke business or Sirius being at Hogwarts after the 3rd task. Am I the
only person here that realized that they used a different actress for
Angelina Johnson?. They messed up where Fred (James Phelps) Asked
Angelina (Tiana Benjamin) out to the Yule Ball. In the the book he
asked her out right in the middle of the Gryffindor common room, In the
movie he asked her to the Yule Ball in the Great Hall. The Phelps Twins
do an amazing performance as the Weasley Twins in this movie portraying
them just as I imagined in the book. I rally like the scene when
McGonagall (Maggie Smith) teaches everyone how to dance. You have to
see the movie to get what I liked about the movie. Angelica Mandy does
a perfect Gabrielle Delacour, just as I imagined.
			
I am a little disappointed by this installation of the Harry Potter
series. I have not read any of the Harry Potter books, but I completely
enjoyed the first three movies. With "Goblet of Fire", I found myself
confused, especially towards the end of the movie, because I did not
know the significance of everything that was going on. I have had to
seek out my nephew who knows all the books by heart to explain why
something happened. I still enjoyed the movie, and I liked the darker
tone of the film compared to the other 3 movies. I will have to either
read the book or wait for the next movie to fill in some of the gaps.
Maybe the fact that the book had a lot of subplots that needed to be
cut out to fit into one movie took away from the cohesiveness of the
film. So as a non-reader of the books (that is my loss), I give the
movie a lower score.
			
Note: There aren't that many spoilers. There is only one. I don't even
think it is one. I just want to make sure I don't ruin the movie for
anyone, by one slip.Dan Radcliffe is amazing.In the first three films, he was OK, but I was
blown away by his improvement. At a certain crying scene at the end of
the film, he does a great job. A lot better, when he was crying in PoA.
In PoA it was like he was just crying for the sake of crying and he did
badly at it. Here you care about him and he's amazing. Also, Rupert
Grint is great. Emma is great. Ralph Fiennes was awesome. Only he could
have played Voldemort. Mad-Eye was played well. I wasn't expecting the
eye to look like that, but I'm not complaining. Miranda Richardson was
great and I could tell she was having fun in the role. I can't wait to
see the next movie. David Yates better do a good job.
			
OMG!!!!! Harry Potter and the Govlet of Fire is the best movie i have
seen in years!!!!! It really was everything i hoped it to be and
more!Everything was bloody fantastic! The Triwizard Games, the Yule
Ball and Voldemort! It was brilliant from start to finish! The boys are
cuter, the girls are prettier and they have acted their arses off in
this movie!No i really mean it, everything was top notch! The Best
scene has to be all 3 Triwizard tournaments! The dragon kept me on the
edge of my seat, with fire coming here there and every where it was
like you were there in the air on your own fire bolt! And the other was
Lord Voldemort coming back... It was scary i was actually shivering...
And there is even a scene that will make your eyes run... Cedrics dad
in denial about his son being dead... I cried ill admit it i cried my
eyes out! This film is well and truly the best! I didn't want it to
end!It has everything,the right actors,CGI,script and the director has
done a fantastic job of bringing it alive to the big screen! Well done
Sir! (Director Newell- Four wedding and a funeral)Sam May (A devoted Potter fan!!!!!)
			
Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire is great. It's definitely on my top
5 films of the year list. Having never read the book I just went into
the film and took it for what it was. My wife on the other hand has
read all the books and was saying that this book which the film is
based on wasn't very good. So I guess my expectations were not to high.
I was wrong. This is the best Potter film yet. It's funny, exciting,
well written, well acted, and sometimes just down right creepy. This
time around Harry is entered in a tournament that his school, Hogwarts
is hosting called The Tri-Wizard Tournament. This is a dangerous
tournament, that even the best and brightest wizards that attended
Hogwarts have lost their lives in. Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) is
terrified as well as his two best friends Ron (Rupert Grint) and
Herminee (Emma Watson). Harry enters the tournament an extreme
underdog. Goblet Of Fire is just fun, plain and simple. The movie is
awesome. We also get to see what big budget CGI looks like when it's
done right. Something George Lucas should have done when releasing the
new Star Wars films. The Harry Potter films are everything and more
than these new Star Wars films should have been. Don't get me wrong I
loved Revenge Of The Sith but Phantom Menace was terrible and Attack Of
The Clones, though better when I've seen it again, still lacks in
quality. The Potter films have everything the original trilogy had.
Character development and a great story. When Harry is fighting for his
life against a deadly dragon you feel scared for him. When Herminee
yells at Ron you feel mad at Ron as well. When Ron feels dumb for doing
something idiotic you feel embarrassed for him. This is what made the
original Star Wars trilogy characters great, and the same formula goes
into the Harry Potter films. That's what makes them classics. The only
issue the films can run into is the three main characters aren't
getting any younger, and this could pose a problem. In January they
begin filming the 5th movie Harry Potter And The Order Of The Pheonix.
I imagine the filming of the 6th film Harry Potter And The Half Blood
Prince will begin shortly after that. J.K. Rowling has begun writing
the 7th and final novel in the series, so that should be adapted to the
screen rather quickly. I just hope it doesn't get rushed, but in the
same vein I don't want to see anyone else play Harry, Herminee, or Ron.
Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire is great. Once again a wonderful
world of imagination comes to life before your eyes. These films will
be held in the same light as the original Star Wars trilogy. Just
great, great, movie making. On a scale of 10 I give Harry Potter And
The Goblet Of Fire a 10. This film, unlike the last 3 is rated PG-13,
and it deserves it rating. It's much darker and could scare little
kids. The tag line to the film is "Everything Is About To Change." Yes
it is and believe me folks when I say, Change is good.
			
I have just gotten back from the theater, and I definitely think that
the movies are getting better and better. I'm 14, the age of Harry and
his friends, and i find the movie very real and something i really can
relate too. I mean, the books are obviously, fantasy, but it's about
characters that you know and love so much and them being not perfect is
part of what makes Harry Potter so great. I'm not saying that the first
two movies weren't good, but i think it just doesn't have that key
aspect that the 3rd and 4th ones do, but especially the fourth. In the
first ones, I would say, "Wow, well there's something that will never
happen to me!" but in the fourth one, some of the things in there have
happened to me and those around me. But, of course, what also makes
this movie absolutely amazing is, of course, the acting. I have to say
that I was immensely and pleasantly surprised when i saw what great
actors/actresses this trio has turned into. Especially Daniel
Radcliffe. I'm not saying the others aren't brilliant as well, but he's
the one that is holding this whole movie on his back. He, of course, is
the actor who plays Harry Potter. He did a job very well done. And, of
course, the special effects. Everything was so nicely done. When
Voldermort returned, you could see his backbones and ribs, and every
bone move when he was re-born, and it was all done with the computer.
And the dragon was absolutely magnificent. All the scenes of the tasks
are so tense and so suspenseful even when you know it was just a green
screen. Much better than i could ever dream of acting. If you just give
this movie a chance, i guarantee you, you won't regret it. And if you
do, well, you can email me with complaints. I'm my user name @yahoo.com
(aka, muffin_muffins@yahoo.com)
			
We middled-aged Harry Potter fans loved it, but the nine-year-old
godson fidgeted throughout. It has lots of exposition and dialog, and
the action sequences were downright dark and creepy. Mr. Fiennes, as
Voldemort, will give me nightmares for years to come.The romance angle was charming, and Hermione has turned into a gorgeous
young woman, doing a Cinderella turn in the ballroom scene. Master
Radcliffe shows off his torso in a naughty bathtub scene with the girl
ghost. Clearly, these three kids are going to be a bit old when it
comes time to play 17-year-olds in Movie 7. Only some extraordinary
witchcraft in the make-up department will allow these young adults to
come off as teenagers in a few years' time.Already, it was a bit of a stretch to buy Harry as only 14 years of age
in this one, but it wasn't impossible, so this outing was by far the
most successful rendition of Rowling's words. I'd call it a
masterpiece.
			
I have seen all 4 of the Harry Potter movies, and they keep getting
better and better. By far, this one is the best. You may already know
the story, but for those who don't here it goes: Harry has been entered
in the Triwizard Tournament. He doesn't know who entered him, so he
just faces the tasks at hand. I won't go any further. The special
effects were dazzling, and the story was just perfect. Potter fans
everywhere will enjoy this film. I can't wait for the next movie in
2007. It may be a long wait, but it will be totally worth it. This is
the first Potter movie that has gotten a PG-13 rating, and I can see
why. Kids younger than 10 may find some scenes too scary. So parents,
take your older children to see this new film, and enjoy it!
			
Easily the best of all the Harry Potter movies. I don't know if that
was due to material or direction, but definitely best acted. Not
comprehensive of the book, but who could expect it to be?! Most
certainly the most humorous of the four films. Visually beautiful as
well. I don't think I've laughed so much even though it is dark
material. Might be too frightening for very young viewers, use your
best judgement. Only Hp film I wanted to immediately go back and view
again!Very much worth the money to see, eagerly anticipating the DVD! Very
well done!
			
Absolutely brilliantly done movie. Despite the absence of a few plot
lines from the book (which had to be removed for film length
requirements), the movie flows well and very, very quickly through the
storyline of the book. Though Newell won't be directing the 5th movie
(the directors are starting to look like the Defence Against the Dark
Arts teachers in their shifting frequency) because he didn't want to
deal with wrapping the 4th while starting pre-production on the 5th, I
certainly hope he'll find time in his schedule for the 6th.I liked Cuaron's redirection with the 3rd movie, but I loved Newell's
work with the 4th.If you're a fan of the series, I doubt you'll be disappointed...all of
these actors have grown into their roles and are much more comfortable
with the characters now. The new additions for the fourth film were
natural, possibly due to the fact that they didn't have much in the way
of speaking parts...
			
This movie was great. I walked out of the theatre and was nearly
willing to walk back in and see it again had it not been 10pm. The
acting in this movie felt top-notch to me. I feel that Dan, Rupert, and
Emma have all immensely improved in their acting abilities, giving a
much more natural feel to the performance. And of course, the
supporting cast was excellent as always, especially Miranda Richardson
(Rita Skeeter) and, as always, Alan Rickman (Snape). Now, before I lay
out my complaints with this movie, let me start by saying that I am an
immense fan of the books and have read each one numerous times. I am
all for having a five hour movie that further encompasses more of the
book, yet I have come to expect the reality that such a treat will most
likely never come (Although an extended edition, like in the Lord of
the Rings series would be great). My main gripe has to do with the time
of the movie. Yes, two and a half hours is a long running time,
however, for this movie, an extra half hour would have been plenty to
overall round out this film. In several scenes, it was noticeable that
the actors had rushed their dialogue. Classroom scenes and various
non-plot related scenes, the ones that give the books their flare, were
missing. And finally, a major part of the book, at least in my mind,
was the Quidditch World Cup, yet, where was it, if somewhere besides
that short clip of nothing happening. The least they could have done is
a five minute scene of highlights of it. Besides these gripes, minor
compared to the remainder of the film, I would whole-heartedly
recommend seeing this film. Now you'll have to excuse me, for I am
leaving to go watch it again.
			
I know that there have been some bashers of this movie saying that it
sucks because lots of stuff was cut out. Well, GOF doesn't suck. It's a
great movie, and the vast majority of you will love it. The things the
filmmakers cut out, I didn't miss too much. The entire thing clicks
together as a great movie. When you go to it, don't expect to see a
great adaptation of the book, expect to see an amazing film that blows
the other 3 HP films away. Now, for some specific stuff.Acting: The trio have REALLY grown as actors. They were superb.
Breandon Gleeson as Mad Eye Moody was outstanding. The rest of the cast
was great (I don't understand the Michael Gambon Bashing. I do prefer
Richard Harris, but seriously, what are we going to do about it?) Ralph
Feinnes was great as Voldemort (who does come off pretty freakily)
Overall, excellentDirecting: Mike Newell has made a superb film out of a superb book. He
rocks.Effects: WOAHGreat Scenes: The scene where Moody is messing with the spiders. This
is one of my favorite scenes from the GoF book, and it was great on the
screen. All of the 3 tasks were great. The entire Yule Ball thing, I
swear Mike Newell pulled this out of my head and put this on screen, it
was PERFECT. The graveyard scene: same exact case. Overall: A-. By FAR, BY FAR the best of the HP films. If you're worried
about it sucking, then don't. It doesn't. The first thing I thought
when the film finished was, "Hell, I gotto see that AGAIN!
			
"Goblet of Fire" made some people eat their words. "Harry Potter" is
not just a kiddie franchise. "Goblet" is mature, adult (but not in
porn-like adult), and scary. I don't think PG-13 (or 12A for
Brits)films are meant for the kiddies.My first reaction to hearing the news of the running time was
basically, "It's impossible. They can't fit it all." And they couldn't
fit it all, but one has to think about what they're saying. In any film
adaptation of any book, especially Harry Potter, one has to separate
the books from the films. Harry Potter has its books, and it has its
films, so the important thing to remember when seeing this is deciding
if the atmosphere and the spirit, not the facts, of the books are
there. And with "Goblet", they atmosphere and spirit were in every
shot, with every note of the score. Overall, "Goblet" was the best
"Harry" film yet.Since the point of my review is to persuade people into seeing it and
liking it, I will only talk about the good points, which outweighed the
bad. Patrick Doyle is now the new composer filling in the shoes of
beloved-by-Harry-Potter-fans composer, John Williams. While Doyle
hasn't composed any memorable themes for "Harry Potter" yet, his music
is the key to creating the atmosphere of every scene. The opening tune
is really captivating, and features a minor-key version of "Hedwig's
Theme" and the music in the scene in which Cedric dies made the scene a
lot more emotional than what it could have been without the music. But
I still give props to the actors in that scene as well.Mike Newell has brought more out of the characters than J.K. Rowling
has transferred to the pages of the book (but J.K.R. still kicks
literary a$$)I thought that in this new film, Snape and McGonagall were
very funny, Snape in a darker way. I also loved the scene in which they
were speaking with Dumbledore after Harry was chosen for the
Tournament. Neville was quite funny, and also, Mike Newell made his
part larger to foreshadow a slightly closer relationship with Harry in
the fifth film. When Neville moaned, "Oh, my God! I've killed Harry
Potter!" the theater was in uproar. Props to Maggie Smith, Alan
Rickman, and Matthew Lewis! Plus, who could forget the new, more human
Voldemort portrayed by Ralph Fiennes? His makeup was really
weird/creepy/awesome, and his personality was so much like the book. He
talked quite smoothly and calmly, but in a malicious fashion. The only
time he expressed anger was when Harry escaped, which was perfect!
Props to Ralph Fiennes and to Mike Newell for making him that way! And last, but most definitely not the least, actually the most
important, sort of, Dan, Rupert, and Emma, the golden trio! Many can
remember in the first film when Harry's main reaction was something
along the lines of "Oh my God, what the crap!?!??" and a lot of wide
eyes and open-hanging jaws. As he slowly gained a personality, ahem,
and finally had one in the fourth film, Dan made sure to give it his
all, or at least it's evident. He has brought a lot to Harry's
character in the fourth film, such as comedy and emotion. Referring to
the Cedric death scene, or the part when Harry takes his body back to
Hogwarts, I recall that I said that the music made it more sad. I sort
of have to eat my words, because despite the music, Dan could have made
it sad by itself. It's hard to cry on cue, people, and being one who
cracks smiles during crying scenes and stuff like that, I did not crack
even a small smirk. Dan is one of the most talented under-18 actors all
over the world. Also, Emma brought much more to Hermione than
snobbishness and smarts. She actually had herself a boyfriend, sort of.
Once again, Emma stunned us. Lastly, Rupert was really funny, as
always, but made so many people gape at his anger, especially his "Piss
off" comment. Excellent job, Dan, Rupert, and Emma! So what are you
sitting and reading this for? Go see "Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire" right now!!!!!!
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire reviewed by Sam Osbornrating: 4 out of 4Mike Newell is decidedly the right man for this job. Christopher
Columbus' work on the first two Harry Potters was rightly put by Terry
Gilliam as "simply pedestrian". Alfonso Cuaron's work on the previous
film, although satisfying, felt too alive and energetic for the
literary elegance that must inhabit Harry's world. Newell, however,
nails the bolt straight through the bull's-eye with Potter's fourth
venture onto celluloid. The film documents, quite simply enough, the famous Harry Potter's
(Daniel Radcliffe's) fourth year at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry. His friends, Ron and Hermione (Rupert Grint and Emma
Watson) return expectedly, along with a volley of new students from two
other wizarding schools brought in for the infamous Tri-Wizard
Tournament. The tournament calls for one champion from each school to
compete in three tasks of harrowing adventure, fighting to win the
all-lauded Tri-Wizard Cup. Things turn awry, however, when the Goblet
of Firethe magical device that decides the competitorschooses Cedric
Diggory (Robert Pattinson) and Harry Potter to compete for Hogwarts.
But rules are rules, and soon Harry's off to the first task. Also
troubling Harry is a recurring dream that displays a half-formed Lord
Voldemort (Ralph Feinnes) with Wormtail (Timothy Spall) and a
mysterious third party discussing dark, evil plans. In the earlier films, some of the largest complaints were piled against
the acting. Some thought, with some justification, that Ron, Hermione,
and Harry were all cast because of their physical likeness to the
parts, failing to show true acting prowess. By now, however, they've
matured. The three have all developed nicely into blossoming,
successful young actors with powerful skill. Along with nailing all the
lines, the three all exude great physical comedy. One of the finer
segments of the film focuses upon the awkward energy of school when a
dance--The Yule Ball--is looming in the future. All three of our heroes
deal with asking a young lady or being asked by a gentlemen with
charming adolescent drama which, in another world less fantastical and
endearing would be melodramatic. Here, however, the tiny explosions of
conflict break up the Tri-Wizarding action nicely and are performed so
well that's it's a delight to simply sit back and enjoy. Lord of the Rings would be hard put to compete with the adventure The
Goblet of Fire offers. The first task of the tournament, in theory,
appears simple: retrieve the golden egg from the arena. Hagrid the
Gatekeeper, however, soon alerts Harry to the fact that a dragon will
also be present in the arena, charged with protecting the precious
golden egg from the competitor. What ensues is an incredible feet of
CGI magicians' handiwork. The scene takes Harry on a tormenting broom
ride, dodging the fiery breath of the fierce dragon and escaping to the
shingled roofs of Hogwarts' towers, leaping across them to avoid the
fatal claws of his scaly enemy. These fantastic action scenes continue,
bringing Harry into the watery depths of a frightening city of mermaids
and later, into a towering labyrinth of hedges for the tournament's
final task. We're treated to stunning shows of CGI wizardry as well as picturesque
real-life sets. Early on, the group heads to the 422nd Quidditch World
Cup (a segment that fans of the book will find rushed due to time
restrictions). Their mode of transportation to the event, interestingly
enough, is an old, beaten boot called a portkey. The camera takes a
first-person view as the group sprints towards the footwear, sliding
briskly through the grass, the sun silhouetting those running and
darkening the rough outline of the portkey in a shot of kinetic,
brimming beauty. There's a myriad collection of shots with similarly
high value throughout the film, keeping us interested not only with
Harry's startling adventure, but also with the film's opulent visuals. With each director, the Harry Potter's world has undergone dramatic
transformations in its visual presentation. Some noticed in the last
film that Hogwarts turned into a kind of rugged, crumbling castle lost
in the cold of the wilderness; whereas one year earlier in Columus'
film, Hogwarts was a magnificent edifice among a neatly-plotted spot of
land. Columbus took magic at a minimum, and Cuaron let it run amok.
Newell, however, finds the perfect chord to strike between the two,
opting for a kind of fantasy world interwoven with calm reality and a
joyous dosage of magic. It feels Harry has finally found his rightful
home in Newell's cinematic reality, which, thankfully, seems mostly
parallel to the world spun in Rowling's novels. Some will complain, as they always do, of segments from the novel being
snipped from the final cinematic product. But The Goblet of Fire runs
at 2 hours and 38 minutes, and unlike the previous films, feels rightly
paced. Any more and the film might drag. Any less and it would
assuredly feel rushed. My only complaint would be in the casting of
Dumbledore, now played by Michael Gambon. His performance is hard and
cold compared to warm, light-headed character from the books. A silly
criticism, yes, but fans of the books will notice just the same. Other
than Dumbledore, however, casting is spot on; especially with the
all-important choice for Voldemort. Simply put, Ralph Feinnes is
electric. I feel the Harry Potter series has finally risen to the artistic level
of phenomena the books have repeatedly achieved over the last decade.
This film, if I may so boldly state, is equivalent in quality to Peter
Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy. Yeah, it really is that good.
			
From the time I sat down at the theater until the time the lights came
back on and I was exiting the theater, I was riveted to the screen. And
so were both of my children, ages 4 and 7. We are huge Harry Potter
fans, and this was quite an engaging movie for us. I loved the addition
of characters, and the wonderful action. This movie seemed more real,
with more down to earth characters. I would recommend this movie to
anyone, no matter the age. It was an all around excellent way to spend
a Saturday. Exceptional quality, and it was very nice to see a movie
where children actually paid attention, and you did not hear anyone
talking. Everyone was riveted to the screen. We are looking forward to
the next installment of this wonderful series!!!
			
I'll not toss in any details which could spoil the "seeing it for the
first time experience"... but we walked out of the Theater and all
wanted to turn around and go back in. We're going back tomorrow.It is as fast as they say... and the book purists may not like it. But,
unlike POA, where you effectively had Alphonso's version of JKR's
book... in this one you have JKR's version. There was no taking out of
the book only to add something which never existed (though there was
some "expansion" in some areas).The basic soul of the story remains intact and well played. Ladies,
bring your hankies.
			
OK, I am a HUGE harry potter fan - I go to the parties, I stay up for
the new books/movies, I've read all the books over 40 times, I had a HP
themed party for my 25 birthday...and I have always enjoyed myself.
That didn't change with this movie - for the most part.I was completely enthralled with almost every aspect of this film. The
acting improves every time, the special effects were amazing, and -
even knowing what was going to happen - I was on the edge of my seat
for half of it. This movie is - to me - more than just worth
seeing...it is one of the MUST SEE movies of the year (a comment that I
don't say often). OK, that being said - I want to express some
disappointments.First off, I know that book four is huge, and as such it was almost
impossible to fit everything in; but, even still, they cut some
intricate parts that have me wondering how they are going to be able to
tie together the fifth movie. There were no house elves, no SPEW, there
was a huge hole with the whole Ron/Hermione/Victor issue - in fact, it
seemed that she would go for Harry throughout the movie - and, on top
of all that, Barty Crouch was just randomly dead...no explanation, no
story line, nothing, we just saw him dead in a field - that was it. And
those are just a few of the things they left out. My biggest objection
however, was Gambon. I have mode always said that I didn't like Sir
Gambon as DD, I never have - he just doesn't do it for me. But in this
movie he was angry - almost violently so with Harry for most of the
movie. That just ISN'T the DD that those of us who have read the books
have come to know and love, and you end up losing some of the movie
just trying to figure out why he is behaving that way.However, all of that aside, whether you are a die hard HP fan like
myself, or if you are just beginning to get into the books/movies, you
must go see this movie! You won't be disappointed.
			
I have just walked through my front door from seeing Harry Potter and
the Goblet of Fire and oh my goodness is it a spectacular movie! Its so
extremely emotional in all different ways. I don't think I have ever
been hit so hard with emotional changes so fast, and I LOVED it! I
laughed, I got excited, scared, tense, nervous, and I even cried! I
know what your thinking.. what kind of nerd cries in a Harry Potter
movie?? Well you all better be ready for the emotional roller coaster
your about to ride because its unbelievably excellent. This has always
been my favorite book of the series, but is now, by far, my favorite
movie! So please, everyone, go see it, because you will not be
disappointed.I Also would like to comment on how VERY effective Cedrics death was on
the viewers. The way Harry would not let go of his body after they
traveled through the Portkey was sooo sad. Thats when the tears started
to develop for me. Also while his dad was screaming and crying for his
son, I wanted to cry really bad, but I didn't. When I buy this DVD and
watch it at home alone, I'm gunna ball my eyes out. When I read the
book I almost cried as well. Don't get me wrong, this isn't a sad movie
overall, just this one part hit me hard, for I am a very emotional
person.
			
I have just returned from a packed theater being among a very mixed
crowd of both young and young-at-heart.What an excellent movie. This film had the darkest side we have seen of
Harry's life thus far. Even though time constraints cut out a lot of
the book, it still rang true to the writings of J.K Rowling.I believe it was perfectly rated. This film is not for young children,
even for those who have enjoyed the first three. For those parents who
did take their 6 and 7 years olds, I kept hearing them next close by,
after a scary part, commenting to the children or reassuring them. So
if parents want to enjoy the movie, leave the young ones at home. See
it for yourself first, then decide if it is appropriate material for
the younger ones.Now we must wait for another year and a half for movie number five. I'm
not sure what will come out first, book seven or movie five.
			
Possibly spoilers - But more of a warning....Personally, I would say this movie compares to the first in being one
of the best HP movies. As far as special effects it takes the cake. I
will spoil no more, just that small children may not be a consideration
for those thoughtful parents. There are some deaths and some very rough
curses (so be warned). The movie itself was entertaining from the
start. I gave it a 10, or at least a 9 1/2 for HP movies. For all
movies combined I have other favorites so I would say it surely would
hit a 8 in my book.... Even remote HP fans should watch this movie.
Specially if you disliked #3 or any of the others. This movie should
redeem those particular Harry Potter fans. It always gets to me that
Richard Harris died, and Michael Gambon took over. I never real thought
it was a good choice. But he does play a very good Dumbledor. Granted
as most know, Dumbledore in the books seems a little more caring than
Gambon can pull off. Anyhow, enough ranting. I have a Home Theater
setup with a 120" screen. I rarely go out to see movies. But this is
one that I could recommend, to actually get out of the house and watch
at a theater. Bare in mind that a THX Certified theater is where it
should be watched.
			
Year four has begun at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry and
with a few new characters on the scene one can only imagine what a
breathtaking, white-knuckle ride this is. As a reader, I was waiting
for Goblet of Fire to simply to live the thrills I have read about
since the 4th grade. As a movie fan, I was waiting for this film for
the plot, the new direction, the acting, the effects and the just plain
out brilliant screenplay writing that brought to life the
fantasy-come-true that is Harry Potter.This new year, Harry (Dan Radcliffe) is faced with grave challenges
beyond good and evil, right and wrong. This new film is much more
mature and gives us a whole new way to see Harry and his friends. They
aren't 11 year-old kids anymore, and their age reflects the choices
they have to make. Harry is suddenly and unwillingly entered into the
Triwizard Tournament. This tournament is a series of three tasks that
three young wizards still in school will compete in for each respective
school. Because of serious injuries and death that took place during
the previous holdings of this tournament, a new rule is enforced,
forbidding anyone under the age of 17 to enter. Our main character was
looking forward to a year of sitting about and watching someone else
get all the fame and glory for once.But we wouldn't have a film then would we? Harry is entered without his
knowledge and is named the SECOND Howgarts Champion. This proves to be
very trying to Harry's nerves. From hateful schoolmates who believe he
wants to hog all the glory, to Dragons, to Merpeople, to "Mad-eye"
teachers who are just a tad out of step, Goblet proves to be not only
more exciting, but much more comical. The jealous and clumsy-clueless
best friend Ron (Rupert Grint) is over anxious with finding a date to
the 'Yule Ball', a ball that is held each time the Triwizard Tournament
takes place, on Christmas Day. Not mention the obvious feelings he has
for the undoubtedly charming Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) who has
moved beyond the trio to fresher meat; The boys school Champion and
all-star quidditch player Victor Krum. The bubbling about girls and old
foes such as Draco Malfoy bring out the normality of the character's
teen lives so much that all the quirks an outsider would find
distracting eventually dissolve away into what can be considered
normal.But if the petty teenage drama's don't keep you wanting more, why then
look into the world of evil that is much more front and center in this
film. Voldemort is getting stronger by the day and the Quidditch World
Cup goes crazed when followers of Voldemort send his mark up into the
sky to cause pure panic. A Tournament judge is found dead and all the
while Harry is having dreams of his enemy plotting to kill him.Dan Radcliffe delivers a stunning performance completely filling out
the Harry that Rowling envisioned and non-reading audiences can enjoy.
Interperting every reaction exactly how Harry's emotions are described
in the novel makes the audience want to root for him that much more.
The thrilling plot is wrapped up with a climax that becomes pivotal to
the next movies; Lord Voldemort returns. Climbing out of a cauldron and
Killing the other Hogwarts Champion, Cedric Diggory, only makes the
legendary graveyard sequence that much more on the pg-13 side, not to
mention his cat/snakelike appearance with horrible red eyes and two
slits for a nose. But the appearance of Harry's parents and Cedric when
Voldemort and Harry's wands connect in a duel prove to be heartfelt and
riveting, and not so much the mushy gooshy that all fantasy and action
films have to have to satisfy the audience, as it was a need for a
motive for Harry to survive.All fans of the novel will be satisfied with the film, despite missing
characters and scenes. Goblet takes it one step further and allows the
audience to see that darker times lay ahead, and there's not always
going to be a happy ending, but there can always be a hopeful one. The
bravery and loyalty our Champion displays makes the film all the more
heartfelt. Brilliant performances for such young actors, a great plot,
wonderful effects, comical moments, and capturing thrill ride makes
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire," the best 'Potter' film so far.
			
This is by far the best harry potter movie!!! it is a mix of
everything!! humor horror suspense and its even sad!! i definitely
recommend it to all of you no matter what age you are! the actors are
great and its great to watch them grow and change on screen. i love
harry potter and the goblet of fire!!! cant wait till the next~~ ooh
and i really think that jk rowling needs to write the next book cuz I'm
without any harry potter to read and that makes me sad!! harry potter
is inspirational to me and i love him and the books and movies! i saw
it at midnite and I'm seein it again in a few hours! i cant wait harry
potter rox my sox i will always love it no matter what even when I'm
old and wrinkly!
			
...this is by far my favourite of the four movies! Not only of the
Harry Potter series, but it's my favourite film of all time!!! The
third film was great too, but this one was perfect!!! The music was
fantastic, I prefer John Williams's soundtrack, but this films one
didn't disappoint me in any way. All of the actors acting is
brilliant!! The film was also scary, so younger kids beware. The parts
that were left out of the book were cleverly weaved around to make the
plot workable. My favourite part of the movie was possibly the first
task. The dragon chase was scary and amazing. I highly recommend this
movie to all!!! The films seem to get better and better with each film.
By the seventh film, my life will probably be complete.Enjoy!
			
Omg!!This was the best one yet.The book is still my favorite but you can't expect anyone to fit a 700
something page book into a two and a half hour movie. What Newell did
managed to get in was absolutely awesome! In the past movies, I thought
the Weasley twins weren't up to book standard, but this movie goes all
out for them. Dan,Rupert, and Emma have grown so much in their acting
skills, very impressive. No matter how many times I've read to book and
how well I knew the ended, I cried in the graveyard scene. Very well
done!!The only complaint I have is Gambon's portrayal of Dumbledore. He
kind of scared me in this movie, which is completely separated from the
picture I have in my head from the books. I just don't see J.K.'s
Dumbledore bellowing and grabbing people(particularly Harry).On the
whole, AWESOME!!!GO SEE IT!!!
			
When I was about to see it I was worried, very worried. I had read on
beforehand of what was gone, and I was prepared, but as the title came
I could not breathe (my leg couldn't stop shaking either).Well, truth be told I enjoyed the movie immensely, and there were no
dull moments. The music was fine, but I did enjoy the Yule Ball music
the best. Every scene was used to full effect, and I enjoyed especially
the fact that we saw several places used in the third movie.There was much more humor in difference to the third, that was
especially dark, but this one managed to blend in all. It was rather
quick paced at some time, but it managed to capture you even so. Each
task where presented very nicely, and I felt that many of the
characters were more used here. In this one we could enjoy Fred and
George's humor, which has been sorely missed by myself. So watch it, it
is worth your time!
			
This movie was so much better than the last! I felt that nothing
crucial was left out like the last one. I think everyone who has read
the books needs to see it. The special effects were awesome too. The
dragon scene was so cool and so lifelike. Also the underwater scene
with the mermaids was pretty cool too. Oh and the funniest part was
when Malfoy was turned into the ferret. You will have to see it for
yourself but its hilarious! At the ball, the teenage angst between
Parvati, Ron, Hemione, Harry and the other Patil sister was amazing.
You could almost feel it. I definitely recommend this movie. People,
see it!
			
this film is brilliant! its the best of all 4 so far!!! The action and
the music just bring the magic to life!! definitely worth watching at
the cinema rather than waiting for the DVD. its not exactly like the
book the film is some what different. but after watching the film today
its made me want to go read the book again!! go see it and experience
the magic 4 yourself:)the film is put together really well and the
actors cast for there individual roles portrays the characters just how
you vision them in the book, characters of the film has to cederic
diggory or hermione granger there outstanding. the only bad thing about
the film is dumbledores dodgy changing accent!! just go see it!
			
I've only read the first book of the Harry Potter series so I believe I
can say that I am not a huge fan nor an acid critic, and therefore my
opinion is not biased. When the first Harry Potter movie came out I
thought it was just OK. Movie number 2 was released but did not really
impress me, in fact I found it a bit boring. Movie number 3 and then I
really started to feel that I was on a fast moving train. Now, Harry
and the Goblet of Fire is a lightning bolt! Best movie of the series so
far. However, Emma Watson does not appear to improve her acting as much
as everybody else. She appears way too melodramatic. Overall, an
excellent movie however not recommended to younger audiences.
			
well all i have to say is that this is the best potter movie and the
best movie of this year....watch it u wont regret it... make sure to watch it more than once... i
watch three times already...it's that good...just watch it... 100% sure that u will love it am giving this movie a
perfect 10!!...here...harry has will go to the quidtich??? world cup...
then he will have his first love...who is cho chang of course...then he
will be chosen as one of the triwizard champion mysteriously...he will
have to battle very very dangerous task... which will not onli drain
him physically but mentally as well...first he will take on a
dragon...well thats all i am writing...this film is amazing...go see it
now...and this movie is the funniest of the series..and the most
darkest!!!
			
best movie i've--probably--ever seen!!! indeed, the movie does the book
justice, and ...i'm speechless. it was wicked, and i was awestruck the
whole entire time throughout the movie, and i'm dying to watch it
again! great acting, great emotion--all of Harry's emotions and Ron's,
Hermione's, all of theirs--their emotions came out, and i give thumbs
up to the director and actors-- i actually just got back from watching
it, and i couldn't wait to tell you all what i thought!!!!!!!!!!!!! its
seriously killing me to have to wait for the next movie!! i can't stop
raving! ha-ha, i love it, love it, love it! and Cedric's scene broke me
to tears--ha-ha, the book did too, but what the hell, right?
***recommended!!***
			
I just saw the harry potter and the goblet of fire, on the first day,
thats today and first show for that matter:-). All i can say is that it
was one of the most brilliant experiences of my life. The cast & crew
have done an amazing job of creating the magic of the harry potter
series. Everyone in the cast have done an amazing job of portraying
their characters. The screenplay was excellent, considering there is a
lot of magic involved with the triwizard tournament involved. I would
not mind watching it a number of times continuously.The movie was just
perfect. I am sure every one of you will enjoy it as much as i did.
After seeing this awesome movie, i am already waiting for the next one
to come out. Finally, I would like to applaud all involved in the
making of this awesome magical movie.
			
I just came back from seeing the movie and I just have one word for it:
AMAZING! A lot of things were changed from the book, of course, but you
are able to understand the story. It goes rather fastly as to not make
a five-hour-long movie, but none of that messes it up. The special
effects, the actors' performances, the music, EVERYTHING makes this
movie the best I've seen in many years. I insist that you convince
everyone to go with you and watch the movie, even if you have to see it
20 times, it'll be worth it. And yes, Daniel does appear fully
shirtless for about three minutes, girls, don't worry. But EVERYONE has
got to see it, no exceptions, and buy the DVD the moment it's released!
			
This movie was so incredible it is hard to even know where to start.
First the adaptation of this book was so wonderfully done, everything
that was important or worth knowing from the book was mentioned. The
actors are growing and so are their talents, making anyone fall so
deeply involved with these characters. The visual effects, well
spectacular is the only word that comes to mind when describing anyone
of the marvelous scenes. Mermaids, dragons, enchantment all around,
only some of the few wonderful things one can expect to see in this
film. The suspense that exists in this film, more than any of the other
films grabs at your attention through the whole movie and never lets go
even to the end. The sarcasm and wit of the film stands out so much, it
makes the film enjoyable for the adult as well as the child. Mike
Newell kept right along with the dark theme that one saw in the
previous Harry Potter film, but takes it to much greater depths. This
film had every emotion ranging from humor, to fear, then jealously, and
sadness, and most of all satisfaction at the terrific job done to this
film. I will definitely see it a few more times because it was so far
the most memorable movie I have seen all year. Well done to everyone
involved with the film, and anyone who has yet to see this movie, don't
wait this movie is so excellent it will have you writing a comment on
it.
			
This film is truly remarkable. Fabulous clean edits, good use of
colour, a brighter and more cheerful look than the last, but a dark
story all the same. It deserves its 12a rating, as there are some
scenes that even I found disturbing. Fiennes Voldemort is truly
terrifying, but harder still it is to see Cedric Diggory die. Moving
most of all is the scene in which Harrys parents come back to him in a
beautiful vision, the moment at which my eyes watered! This film has
everything- romance (cho was very well cast and Likable), edge of your
seat thrills (the maze) and heart wrenching sadness. All the actors
have come of age, including character Harmione who has stopped whining
(appears that in this film, thats Rons job). JK will be delighted to
see the book so well framed, but a word of warning to fans of the
literary Potter- there's no Hogsmeade and very little Sirius... for he
is star of the next movie. This installment of the saga will go down as
the greatest, mark my words. Simply beautiful.
			
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" is without a doubt the most
exciting book of the entire series, and Mike Newell's film adaptation
certainly does it justice. Maybe it's because I'm biased (after all,
it's my favorite book), but not to sickly exaggerate, it seemed to do
so much more than parallel the book in adventure and detail, that it
was hard to blink or find the motivation to reach for the popcorn.
Being a mere two-and-a-half hours, there were obviously some parts that
were cut, such as much of the Quidditch World Cup, S.P.E.W. (including
Dobby and Winky), Hagrid's and Madame Maxime's story and Rita Skeeter
being an Animagus, but it would've unnecessarily slowed the dramatic
pace the rest of the movie was going. The acting, in general, was
marvelous, especially the main trio, Moody, and the Weasleys. The
marginal exceptions were Dumbledore, and ... dare I say it, Lord
Voldemort, although that might be a bit harsh on Michael Gambon and
Ralph Fiennes. Yet the normality of Voldemort and the dullness of
Dumbledore still slightly dampened the superbly written ending; but all
in all, this film is definitely worth waiting hours in line for.
Already anticipating the DVD!
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire just came out here yesterday and I
was one of the first to rush to theatres and see it. I've always been a
big fan of the books, mind you. I'm one of those who wasn't too happy
with 1 and 2, but loved 3. Now that I'm done with the introductions...One word: Awesome. The movie was spectacular in every way. The CGI was
absolutely brilliant! The acting was ten times better than in PoA. I
was impressed, especially with Daniel Radcliffe and all the newcomers
like Ralph Fiennes (almost unrecognizable here, as Voldemort), Katie
Leung, etc. Rupert Grint was okay, but I'm sorry to say that Emma
Watson annoyed me because in every scene she seemed to be in hysterics.The script was very well done. This time, more characters were given
time to shine. Characters like Fred and George (who were hilarious) and
Neville had much bigger roles. The lines were witty and the movie was
able to pull of being dark and action-packed, as well as comedic at
times.There were lots of changes from the books, but in my opinion they were
handled very well, and I wasn't annoyed. Many characters were cut, but
the script was able to work around it. It was pretty unexpected seeing
the new stuff that was added.All in all, it's the BEST Harry Potter movie so far. It has a lot of
action, comedy, and even drama (one scene in particular made a lot of
people cry in the theatre). My only complaint is how OOC Hermione seems
to be in this movie. I blame Emma Watson. blech.
			
i have to say that Emma is lovely...and the movie is great, mike Newell
really did an excellent job, way better than Columbus and Cuarn.the
visual effects are amazing and the sequel under the water will take
your breath away.the next director will have to do a miracle...the new
characters are great, specially Fleur (Clemence Posy), she is from
beuxbatons and she is so pretty she is one of the wizards that will
compete at hogwarts on an exclusive competition with Harry, Cedrico and
Krum, and voldemort who in this movie is played by Ralph Fiennes. so
go, run to see this movie because(i'm not saying that just because i'm
a fun)it is the best movie of the year way better than the prisoner of
azkaban, so what you waiting for? Gooo....
			
this movie was way better than all of the other ones. and for those of
you loyal enough to know that the third movie was the next thing up
from rubbish will be happy to know that this one knows how to be loyal
to the book and still be different. it's just right, I knew Mike Newell
would do it!! there wasn't anything that I could say "they should have
done this" to. I love the content of the film, the acting in the film
and the directing of the film. I would go back and see it a thousand
times. people were cheering with joy after the movie was finished. this
movie touched every emotion, as it should have. I left the movie
theater and started screaming because it left me feeling so satisfied.
there are parts that are a bit scary, but overall I give this movie the
highest rating and my props to Mike Newell.
			
This long awaited entry in the Harry Potter saga is the first really
fully realized film which stands on its own merits of terrific story
telling,the fine acting of an ensemble of some of the best veteran
actors on screen today and the continuing transformation of Harry, Ron
and Hermione into young adults is charmingly portrayed and never
cloying. The CGI effects serve the film beautifully but never take
over. The direction and pace of this film is perfectly done.To my mind
Mike Newell solves a problem that Peter Jackson never quite solved with
the Lord of the Rings trilogy, which were always headlong, breathless
races against time. 'Goblet'never feels rushed and 150 minutes is the
perfect length for this film. The climax is very satisfying because it
is not a big bang; by allowing the three co-stars a human moment of
recognition of their own changes to be the last word in the film rather
than a pyrotechnical climax, Newelllets us see who these people are
becoming and sets the stage perfectly for the next entry, The
Half-blood Prince. This is a must see for fans and non-fans alike, I
give it a 10!
			
This movie had everything a potter fan wanted and MORE. ah this new
director hit it on the spot. the cinematography Amazing. The actors are
brilliant. Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson SHINE in this movie. their
acting has come a long way and this movie proves it. i recommend it to
everyone. I'm going to see it again tonight. we need to make this one
the best yet. its worth the 10$ to get in the 11$ to eat. the annoying
people in the background! nope just kidding you guys. i wont post
spoilers on here but i have to say robert patterson is amazing as
cedric diggory and katie leung is wonderful as cho. all the haters you
cant hate anymore shes brilliant.I was disappointed there was no
Winky/Dobby elf interaction but this movie for its 2:30 min pulls in a
great start and finish.
			
As a graduate student in education, I have found Harry Potter to be
excellent pieces of literature to utilize in the study of different
topics featured in social studies. Not only does Harry Potter provide
teachers with suitable material to teach about discrimination (Civil
Rights Movement), slavery (The Civil War), and genocide (Holocaust),
but he also allows children to digest lofty concepts that would have
traditionally been left to the college professors and adults.Critics of Harry Potter need to understand that JK Rowling did not
create the series with the intention of keeping to the children's
literature circuit. It is obvious, when studying the Harry Potter
series that she had more than a simple story in mind. With her
background in languages, she has developed a hero that is Christ-like,
and a story that is more biblical than Christian nay-sayers would like
to admit. To ignore the popularity of Harry Potter based solely on the
ticket sales and its position on the best seller's list would be doing
this incredible epic a disservice.I will forever defend Harry Potter (the books and the movies), because
I have seen students who would never think of picking up a book, read
during their lunch period while their friends socialized and
gossiped...thanks to Harry Potter. Rowling has created a fantasy world
worthy of Tolkien; her masterpieces must be recognized for the amazing
educational value they hold for children and adults alike. To say they
are ONLY for children defies what Rowling intended for her books to
be...they are the books of our generation that will forever mark our
society's history.
			
I just recently saw the Goblet of Fire at a screening,and all i have to
say is WOW! It is so awesome to see the trio finally growing up. They
have managed to keep the story alive and the action going. The new
actors did great as their roles. The best scene in the movie is the
sequence in the graveyard scene. I loved it and i cant wait till the
5th movie. This has to be the best movie I've seen this year. It has
story, action, humor, and drama. I loved this movie and this surpasses
the past 3 in almost every way. This has got to be one of the best
series ever to be captured no just on books but in movies as well. I'm
going to go see it again on the 18th. Go see it you'll love it. 10/10
			
I had the privilege of seeing the newest addition to the Harry Potter
movies last night. I must say it was an awesome movie. Definitely the
best of the Harry Potter movies so far.ACTING: In general the movie had very good acting. The trio gave us
excellent performances. The adult actors were good too.SPECIAL EFFECTS: One word. Awesome!! Absolutely incredible special
effects. They've gotta be one of the best special effects I have seen
in a movie since The Lord of the Rings trilogy.DIRECTION: The director Mike Newell, in my opinion did an excellent job
at directing this film. Right now he is god to me. Good job Mike and
good luck in the future. Keep up the amazing work!!!!10/10
			
This film is one of the best in the series. At this time, the chosen
boy Harry Potter will have to fight with several enemies. While you can
not call someone tot- prepares his plan.Harry somehow becomes a
participant in the Triwizard Tournament. Harry environment considers
him as a deceiver.Harry tells Sirius that in a dream saw Voldemort
.Sirius asked Harry what he saw. Harry tells sleep. Sirius tells Harry
that the last event was not an accident.In comes a new school teacher
for Defense Against the Dark Arts Mad-Eye .Dambldor Requests Mad-Eye
Follow Harry. Actor Brendan Gleeson is a jewel of a film and one of the
best actors.
			
Directed by Mike Newell, the fourth installment to the Harry Potter
series finds Harry wondering why his legendary scar which happens to be
the famous result of a death curse gone wrong is aching in pain, and
perhaps even causing mysterious visions. It is the fourth installment
in the Harry Potter film series, written by Steve Kloves and produced
by David Heyman. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter,
alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger respectively. The story follows Harry
Potter's fourth year at Hogwarts as he is chosen by the Goblet of Fire
to compete in the Triwizard Tournament, a highly dangerous competition. Before he can think too much about it, however, Harry boards the train
to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where he will attend his
fourth year of magical education. Shortly after his reunion with his
best friends, Ron and Hermione, Harry is introduced to yet another
Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher: the grizzled Mad-Eye Moody, a
former dark wizard catcher who agreed to take on the infamous "DADA"
professorship as a personal favor to Headmaster Dumbledore. Of course,
Harry's wishes for an uneventful school year are almost immediately
shattered when he is unexpectedly chosen, along with fellow student
Cedric Diggory, as Hogwarts' representative in the Tri-Wizard
Tournament, which awards whoever completes three magical tasks the most
skillfully with a thousand-galleon purse and the admiration of the
international wizard community. As difficult as it is to deal with his
schoolwork, friendships, and the tournament at the same time,Harry
doesn't realize that the most feared wizard in the world, Lord
Voldemort, is anticipating the tournament, as well.The main characters are maturing, and the filmmakers are likewise
improving on their craft; vibrant special effects and assured
performances add up to what is the most complex yet of the Harry Potter
films.Mike Newell handily takes the directing reins and eases his young
cast through awkward growth spurts into true young actors.Added to
that,the special effects are first rate but I think it's always going
to be about the characters. And there are a lot of great characters in
this movie as it is a more mature story and its young stars prove they
have the acting skills to grow with their characters.Like a fine wine,
Harry Potter continues to improve with age as each succeeding film
version of Rowling's books seemingly surpasses the last.
			
Harry Potter dreams of an elderly man, Frank Bryce, who overhears Lord
Voldemort discussing plans with Peter "Wormtail" Pettigrew and Barty
Crouch Jr. Frank is then killed by Voldemort. The Quidditch World Cup
allows Harry to take his mind off his nightmares until followers of
Voldemort known as Death Eaters terrorize the spectators' campsites
after the match, and Crouch Jr. summons the Dark Mark, a sign showing
that Voldemort is returning to power. At Hogwarts, headmaster Albus
Dumbledore introduces ex-Auror Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody as the new
Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. In their first Defence Against
the Dark Arts lesson, the students learn of the three Unforgivable
Curses. The Imperius Curse causes absence of free will, the Cruciatus
Curse causes unbearable pain, and the final curse, Avada Kedavra,
causes death. Dumbledore announces that the school will host the
Triwizard Tournament, in which one wizard from each of the three
magical schools competes in three challenges. The champions are
selected by the Goblet of Fire, a magical cup into which the
candidates' names are placed. Fred and George attempt to enter using an
aging potion as no one under 17 can enter. This fails miserably. Cedric
Diggory, a student from the House of Hufflepuff, is chosen to represent
Hogwarts, Viktor Krum is chosen to represent Durmstrang Institute, and
Fleur Delacour is selected to represent Beauxbatons Academy of Magic.
The Goblet unexpectedly chooses a fourth champion: Harry. As Harry is
underage and should have been ineligible to compete, Hogwarts teachers
and students grow suspicious, and the feat drives Ron and Harry apart.
The teachers want Dumbledore to pull Harry out of the tournament, but
the four champions are bound by a magical contract and therefore
Dumbledore has no choice and Harry must compete. For the first task of
the Triwizard Tournament, each of the champions must retrieve a golden
egg guarded by a dragon. Mad-Eye advises Harry to use his talent for
flying to overcome the dragon. Harry enters the first task and summons
his broomstick to retrieve the egg, which contains information about
the second challenge. The students are soon informed of the Yule Ball,
a Christmas Eve ball held during the Triwizard Tournament. Ron and
Harry have trouble finding dates to the ball and when they find out
that Hermione is attending with Viktor Krum, Ron becomes jealous. In
exchange for previous aid, Cedric provides Harry with a clue that
prompts him to open the egg underwater. With help from Moaning Myrtle,
he learns that the second task entails the retrieval of "something
precious" to each of the competitors from the nearby Black Lake, where
there are mermaids. While preparing for the task, Neville Longbottom
provides Harry with Gillyweed, enabling him to breathe underwater for
one hour. Harry is the first to arrive at the location, and finds Ron,
Hermione, Cho Chang and Fleur's sister, Gabrielle, in suspended
animation. Finishing last after attempting to free Ron and Gabrielle,
Harry is awarded second place for "outstanding moral fiber", behind
Cedric. Following an exchange with Mad-Eye, Ministry official Barty
Crouch, Sr. is found dead by Harry shortly after the second task. While
waiting in Dumbledore's office, Harry's curiosity leads him to look
into Dumbledore's pensieve, causing him to revisit one of Dumbledore's
memories. He witnesses a trial before the Wizengamot in which captured
Death Eater Igor Karkaroff, the current headmaster of Durmstrang,
denounces a number of Death Eaters, including both Severus Snape and
Barty Crouch Jr. While Dumbledore vouches for Snape's integrity, Crouch
Sr. is horrified at this revelation and disowns his maniacal son,
sending him to Azkaban. Upon returning to the present time, Dumbledore
tells Harry that he is searching his memories for a clue as to why
extraordinary events have taken place at Hogwarts since the start of
the tournament. In the Triwizard Tournament's third and final task, the
competitors are placed inside a hedge maze; their challenge is to reach
the Triwizard Cup. Krum, acting under the Imperius curse, incapacitates
Fleur and attempts to do the same to Cedric. Harry stops Cedric from
attacking Krum, and the two run for the cup. When Cedric is trapped by
vines, Harry frees him and the two claim a draw and grab hold of the
cup together. The cup, which is a Portkey, transports the two champions
to a graveyard where Wormtail and Voldemort are waiting for Harry.
Wormtail murders Cedric, traps Harry, then performs a ritual that
rejuvenates Voldemort, who then summons the Death Eaters (which
includes Draco's father, Lucius) and bids them to witness a duel
between their Dark Lord and his nemesis. As Harry, who is tortured by
Voldemort, fights him, a connection called Priori Incantatem occurs
between their wands. Harry's wand forces Voldemort's to disgorge the
spirits of the people Voldemort has most recently murdered, including
Harry's parents, Frank Bryce and Cedric. Harry is briefly protected by
the spirits and escapes with Cedric's body (as his request) using the
cup. Upon his return, Harry tells Dumbledore and Minister for Magic
Cornelius Fudge that Voldemort has returned and is responsible for
Cedric's death. That's the plot, and it's an amazing movie, full of
action, adventure, and more, highly recommend.
			
Here is another awesome installment of the Harry Potter films. We are
now at "year #4," and Hogwarts is hosting their annual "Triwizard
Tournament" with two other magical schools: Durmstrang Institute of
Bulgaria and Beauxbatons Academy of Magic of France. But after the
"Goblet of Fire" had chosen the representatives, the goblet had
mysteriously chosen a fourth competitor - Harry Potter! Now Harry is to
compete in the dangerous competition in the Wizarding world. That is
all I could tell you folks.Like I had said it is another awesome installment and perfect to go
with the other "Harry Potter" films. And just one note: I had added
Rita Skeeter to my list of .H.P. characters that I really hate, GOD!
she's f**kin' annoying.
			
In the film Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Daniel Radcliffe,
Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson star as Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and
Hermione Granger. Harry, Ron, and Hermione return to Hogwarts for their
fourth year. This time, the school hosts the legendary Triwizard
tournament, introducing new friends and foes, as our main characters
face another year of trials and hardships. Like the Potter films
before, this film's theme focuses on the importance of family and
friendship and the forces of good versus evil. In the early stages of
the film, we see the students of Hogwarts not getting along. Ron is
jealous that Harry is getting attention for competing in the
tournament, Cedric Diggory is pitted against Harry despite them being
from the same school, and Ron is jealous of Hermione's relationship
with Viktor Krum. But soon the students realize there is more at stake
than their arguments and winning the tournament. Something is not right
and it seems that the dark forces are setting the stage for a major
catastrophe. We see the friends ban together to help each other out.
Cedric, Harry, Ron, and Hermione work together to figure out the
tournament tasks. The events of the film's theme remind me a bit of The
Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. The four
siblings in this film are often competitive and jealous of one another.
The younger brother even sells out his siblings so he can become a
prince. In the end, the siblings unite and fight for the greater good
which is the safety and freedom of Narnians. They win battle against
the White Witch and her followers with the help of their friend Aslan
and good triumphs over evil. The themes good versus evil and the
importance of family and friends and shows through this film as it does
for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. In Harry Potter and the Goblet
of Fire, several techniques are used to help enhance the theme. The
lighting makes it clear whether the characters are in a laid back,
peaceful setting or if they are in a dark, scary place, not knowing
what is lurking around the corner. Good characters are seen in a white
light, where followers of the dark lord, Voldemort, are often seen in
dark, dim lit rooms or grave yards. Symbolism is also used in the film.
Voldemort is portrayed as snake-like. In most cultures, serpents
symbolize something that is considered creepy and deceitful. Wormtail,
Voldemort's follower, is portrayed as rat-like. Wormtail had betrayed
his friends for his own good by ratting them out. Though the film ends
with a tragic event, we see the students of Hogwarts use the tragedy to
pull closer together and strengthen their friendship, determined to
stand and fight against the evil forces of Voldemort. The themes of
good versus evil, friendship and family, rings throughout the film, to
the very end.
			
OK I have always been disappointed at the exclusion of my favorite
moments from the books and the missing World Cup and exhibition of
Viktor Krum as a show boy was not done with me but other than that you
can bet anything the movie was amazingly superb. Well directed, well
enacted, well made in other words.I couldn't believe that this one was the second longest in the series
yet (behind Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets). Time just flew
and I wanted more to come from the Harry Potter arsenal. Watch it again
and again and trust me you'll want this one even more.Oh! I nearly forgot all the actors were superb and so were the special
effects and the make-ups (How DO they make Voldemort's nose?). Ralph
Fiennes has always been on my actor top list and he proved it again
just like the rest of all of 'em.Bye for now, off to watch it again. :p
			
I have three favorite Harry Potter films. Ever since The Prisoner of
Azkaban, the Harry Potter films lost their cute. They turned over to
the dark side. In this Potter film, Harry, Ron, and Hermione return for
their fourth year. Harry has been having dark dreams about THe Dark
Lord(who is finally in this film and he doesn't disappoint. He is
played by the fantastic Ralph Fienes). Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) is
entered into a tournament that he can't compete in. It's called THe
Triwizard Tournament. He's underage. But he has to compete in it
because the rules say he has to. Two other schools, from Beaxbatons and
Bulgaria, will compete against Hogwarts. Robert Pattinson from Twilight
makes his debut as Cedric Diggory, who is also representing Hogwarts.
Also this year, they will be having The Yule Ball, a dance of some
sort. Harry also has feelings for Cho(Katie Leung), who returns in the
Order of the Phoenix. Of the three kids, Hermione is the only one to
get lucky. No people i'm not talking about sex.Who do you think I am
Sue? THe Goblet of Fire fits in my three way tie because it's so
awesome. I had chills in the last half hour of the film. THe last half
hour was evil and creepy, and I liked it. No i'm not a freak. I left
out Brendan Gleeson. Every year, a new teacher comes to Hogwarts. This
year, Mad Eye Moody(Brendan Gleeson) is the teacher and he is really
weird. Harry potter and the Goblet of Fire will remain in my tie
forever. None of the Potter films are disappointing.
			
The Very Best Of The Potters So Far let me start by sating the special
effects make up tension acting conclusion and ending make this a great
contribution to the harry The Very Best Of The Potters So Far let me
start by sating the special effects make up tension acting conclusion
and ending make this a great contribution to the harry potter series 10
out of 10. potter series 10 out of 10.The Very Best Of The Potters So
Far let me start by sating the special effects make up tension acting
conclusion and ending make this a great contribution to the harry The
Very Best Of The Potters So Far let me start by saying the special
effects make up tension acting conclusion and ending make this a great
contribution to the harry potter series 10 out of 10. potter series 10
out of 10
			
My Take: The Harry Potter series is growing up with its audience. This
is a visually-stunning, but above all a witty and mature adventure. In his fourth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, our
young Mr. Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is faced with the new
challenge: He is "accidentally" included in the dangerous and
competitive Tri-Wizard Tournament, a dangerous competition in which
students from other schools will challenge each other in order to win
the legendary Tri-Wizard cup and eternal glory. Harry, who is too young
to be appointed in the competition, is thrown into perilous situations,
whether it's retrieving a golden egg from a dragon's lair or saving his
friends from the clutches of mere-people. But the danger is far more
dangerous than the competition itself. Who put Harry's name in the
fabled Goblet of Fire? Is Lord Voldemort at the brink of resurrection
now that his loyal servant, the double-crossing Petegrew (Timothy
Spall) is exposed and awakening Voldemort's minions? Is Harry getting
his first kiss in this movie? By the time the series hit its fourth chapter, the series has moved
from director to director to director. First was director Chris
Colombus who has given us a sometimes dark, yet mostly heartwarming
fantasy adventures. Then it's passed on to director Alfonso Cauron, a
brilliant visionary, who crafts a deeper and more interesting adventure
than Colombus' already wondrous dimensions. Now, HARRY POTTER AND THE
GOBLET OF FIRE, is appointed to the loving hands of Brit director Mike
Newell, who has great British films as FOUR WEDDINGS AND A FUNERAL and
ENCHANTED APRIL to his credit. Since the POTTER films are usually
associated with British actors, the director and material fit. On the
unfortunate side however, Newell didn't top neither Cauron's AZKABAN
nor Colombus' CHAMBER (Both my favorite movies in the series). But
there's one thing in Newell's take that they lacked, and that's the
show of maturity in its characters. AZKABAN only hinted that our
characters are growing up, but GOBLET confirms it. The effects and
action sequences are good and all, but perhaps my favorite scene in
GOBLET is the Yule Ball sequence where we not only see are characters
all grown up, but set aside magical goings-on for a little young love.
After all, since the kids are growing up (and the audience is growing
up with them), the series needs to catch up. The action still sustains the audience, whether it's being chased by a
dragon, battling with gruesome mere-people or passing through a
perilous hedge maze, HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE is wild
roller-coaster ride populated by clever special effects and fast
pacing, but moving not too fast enough to disregard some of the tender
moments.Rating: ***** out of 5.
			
Yes, this was a beautiful adaptation. And you can clearly observe the
fact that the director was English. "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of
Azkaban" was a bit too Mexican, while the first two films were simply
American-like blockbusters. Though all of them were good. The main
actors are giving a more mature interpretation of their characters,
unlike Alfonso Cuarn's version where they were more rebellious and
"cool".Daniel Radcliffe impressed by expressing Harry's original emotions from
the book, through the movie. You can clearly see he is having so much
fun playing Harry, while he is capable of more. He is showing more in
every movie he does.I spent a lot of times thinking whether Ralph Fiennes was the best
Voldemort. I came to the conclusion that he probably wasn't, but I
remembered the first time I saw "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire"
at the cinema, I was amazed, my first thought on Ralph was that he is
the true Voldemort.All the deaths in the movie specially Cedric's are so painful to Harry
because he witnessed them all.The screenplay was amazingly done to fit into a single movie, though I
would have love the return of Dobbie.My opinion is that Mike Newell gave an accurate Potter world, but I
cannot say he was the best. I don't believe in the best when it comes
to this movie franchise. Every director yet made a good movie,
amazingly done, every each of them. I'm really happy they didn't made
some low budget movie out of J.K.Rowling's genius Hogwarts world.
			
I think that the film is amazing and great.I love Clemence Poesy in
this film very strong.She is very beautiful and cool!!!Mike made a
great film. I think that Clemence Poesy is a very emotional sexier
girl. She is from France and i want to be her husband because she is
amazing. I love her very strong!!!All my dreams are about her.I want to
make happiness for her.Sorry for my English but i'm from Russia and
don't know this very well.But i want to speak about my love . My sense
are very strong.She is genius and incredibly clever girl.She played
very well and i think that she is very talented girl.Clemence i want to
say to you that you are very beautiful and clever and talented and
amazing girl.
			
It's year four at Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry for Harry
Potter, Hermione Granger, and Ronald Weaseley. In the third movie, they
were showing signs of leaving childhood. In this fourth film, childhood
is completely left behind and our trio of young heroes enter the world
of teen-hood, with no turning back.The acting is better than Prisoner of Azkaban, especially from Emma
Watson. Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson all do
exceptionally well in transforming their characters from the young
children in the first two films, to maturing teenagers. That transition
was sort of rusty in Prisoner of Azkaban. Alan Rickman continues his
great performance as Severus Snape. Having seen Rickman in other
movies, I know that only he can portray professor Snape in that harsh,
mean, but actually caring way. Sirius Black has a brief appearance.
Peter Pettigrew also returns to help revive he-who-must-not-be-named.
Yet another defense against the dark arts teacher comes to town as
well. They seem to have trouble keeping dark arts defense teachers. By
this film Harry, Hermione, and Ron treat the world of magic like a
normal place completely.Heres the plot: Hogwarts this year is hosting the triwizard tournament,
a competition where 3 students, each from a different magic school,
compete in a series of magical contests. Due to the complexity and very
dangerous nature the events often come with, the ministry has decided
only students 17 and older can enter their name for the tournament.
However, despite the best magical barriers protecting the Goblet of
fire, Harry's name appears and he becomes a contestant. Even though he
didn't enter his name, and none of the professors want to put him in
danger, the rules bind him to compete. Now he must compete against
three other wizards, all older and therefore better trained, in a
series of dangerous tasks. Through these tasks Harry resorts to nerve,
cunning, and courage to succeed and survive. MAJOR SPOILER AHEAD!!! In
the final event, Harry and Cedric Diggory, another competitor, are
lured to a trap from dark followers, and Cedric is murdered as
sacrifice to bring Voldermort to full health, and the dark lord
returns, with Harry barely escaping thanks to his parents. END MAJOR
SPOILER!!! The subplots show how Harry, Ron, and Hermione are growing up. Harry
and Ron actually have their first real fight. This is because Ron
thinks Harry used magic to place his own name in the Goblet of fire,
leading to a temporary silent period between the two. The eventual
spark of love to come between Ron and Hermione becomes more evident
when Ron is jealous Hermione is asked by another boy from a another
school to a dance. It clearly becomes evident how much Hermione cares
for Harry as a friend as well, without there being romance. It's clear
in two scenes: When Hermione hugs Harry before the first event,
obviously afraid for him. Also when Hermione talks to Harry after the
second event. Hermione is now my favorite character, and I love her
friendship and loyalty with Harry. She's always by his side, even when
Ron is mad at him.I really enjoyed this film. Emma Watson delivers a much better
performance than in Prisoner of Azkaban. She's one of my favorite
actresses. There's plenty of drama and action. Just be ready. They're
not kids anymore. They're teenagers with teenage problems and
attitudes. I give this a 10/10.
			
I am a fan of the books and for me this movie was a bit disappointing
in some parts. First the casting of Michael Gambon as Dumbledore was a
terrible decision. Especially the scene after Harry is selected as the
fourth Triwizard champion is badly done, when Dumbledore walks in, he
does not handle the situation calmly and carefully as in the book, in
the movie he seems rash and by shaking and shouting at Harry he makes
the situation seem far from the one portrayed in the book. Richard
Harris was much better in the role of Dumbledore, when he was in a
scene you knew that this is a very wise and cautious wizard with a calm
and majestic presence as is portrayed in the books. Apart from the
change in actors, Dumbledore's wardrobe seems to have also gone
downhill from the second movie, in Goblet of Fire just like in the
Prisoner of Azkaban Dumbledore looks like he is dressed in rags
compared to the robes Richard Harris was wearing in the first two
movies. Another badly done part of the movie was the maze. For those
who have not read the books the maze probably looked amazing and I
agree it had some good special effects nonetheless compared with the
book it was a bit boring. The maze was meant to test different
abilities of the champions, like the sphinx Harry had to overcome in
the book or the upside-down charm. The maze in the movie had none of
these elements and I think this was one part that could have definitely
been improved with some work. Despite its flaws Harry Potter and the
Goblet of Fire had some spectacular special effects, I especially liked
the Dragon scene, it also had a good flow and it was never boring. The
Yule Ball scenes were also excellent. Maybe someday someone will take
on the task to create a Harry Potter Series which will follow the books
100%, I am sure there are a lot of Harry Potter fans out there that
would like to see the things they read about to come to life. I would
highly recommend everyone to go and see this movie, however my advice
is to first read the books and create your own ideas of what it should
look like before seeing someone else's images on the screen.
			
Going into Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire I was very
excited,seeing as how it was my favorite book,and plus all of the
trailers leading up to the film looked to be very promising.Upon seeing
the film I must say I enjoyed it, it was a tad different from the book
in a few areas, but it was a solid entry in this already classic
franchise.The film begins with Harry(Daniel Radcliffe) and his friends going to
the Quidditch World Cup,where after the match the Death
Eaters(Voldermort's followers) arrive and attack all that were at the
match.During the mass panic and confusion Harry finds himself knocked
out to only awaken later to find the campsite empty and destroyed,but
he sees a man fire the Dark Mark(Voldermort's sign) into the
sky.Shortly thereafter Harry regroups with his friends and they return
to school to learn that this year Hogwarts will play host to the
Triwizard Tournament,a competition between two other wizarding schools
where all students wishing to compete will enter their names into the
Goblet of Fire,and those chosen must face three very deadly tasks,the
only catch is you must be 17 years of age or older.Naturally the three
champions are selected,but one more name pops out after those three and
it is 14 year old Harry(who didn't put his name in the goblet).Now
Harry must compete in this deadly tournament where he must face a
deadly fire-breathing dragon,dive into the depths of the Black Lake,and
journey through an endless maze.In the midst of these tasks Harry must
rekindle his friendship with Ron(Rupert Grint),discover who put his
name in the goblet,and he has to tackle his most challenging task to
date:girls,all of this leads up to the return of Lord Voldermort.As usual the film excelled in practically all areas. The cinematography
and production design were just as great and stunning as in previous
films in the series,as well the score is quite good, not as memorable
as the John Williams scores from the first three films, but still good
and performs the job that a film score is supposed to perform.They also
changed directors once more,the new guy Mike Newell does a very good
job with his source material being able to maintain much of the look
and tone of the first three,and when working in a franchise that is a
pretty big deal.The two show stealer's though this time around is the
acting,great performances all around,and the special effects, which are
just downright superb.As I mentioned earlier our teens are now discovering members of the
opposite sex,and these scenes in particular are just downright
hilarious and gives any teen comedy a run for its money.Plus the better
special effects go hand-in-hand with the great action this film has to
offer,being quite possibly the most action packed Potter film to
date.As well the emotional climax at the end of the film is very sad
and can even possibly make you shed a tear leading to the first sad
ending to a Harry Potter film.All in all it is another great entry in the Harry Potter series. There
are tons of laughs to be had,more action,and just as much emotion as
the first three to make this one a very satisfying addition to the
Potter franchise.An entertaining: 10/10!!!!
			
I didn't start enjoying the Harry Potter series until movie three came
out . The first two movies were good, but not fantastic. The third
movie was the first one in the series to be fantastic. Azkaban set the
bar for the next movies in the series to be amazing and that's what the
Goblet of Fire is; it's amazing. The suspense and fear you feel for
Harry when watching him preform the three tasks captures the mood of
the novel perfectly. Also, the final scene with Harry in the graveyard
is by far the best ending scene in any Harry Potter movie to date. The
actors are maturing along with the movies and I can't wait to see Harry
Potter and the Order of the Phoenix after watching this. The only thing
that prevents me from giving this movie a perfect score would have to
be the Yule Ball scene (drags on a tad too long). Other than that, Go
Harry!
			
When I heard that the next movie will be coming out in a few weeks, I
was really excited. I'd wait week by week until the movie came. And
finally, I was going to watch it! While I was watching the movie, i
understood it fairly well, but my friends who haven't read the book
kept on asking me questions.The only things I could say about this movie is that it is truly
awesome on the visuals. Honestly, i was really waiting for this movie
for months, and I felt that the waiting was worth while anyway.I must say, I was really impressed with the movie. This movie has got
the nice humorous part that brings the little laughs in the theater. I
just feel that this movie has got everything that could have been
thought of. It's a good weekend movie to begin with.However, the content of the movie makes the book look bad! I mean i
love the books, but this one is the most disappointing on the story
part of it. If you haven't read the book, you will not understand what
on earth they are talking about. For example, people would know what a
gryndilow is!!! I think the script was a bit flawed.I would also like to point out that Daniel Radcliffe looks absolutely
older than the original harry potter. The hair was absolutely terrible!
I would suggest he kept it like the one in the third movie because it
fits best for the scruffy hair. I'm also wondering why they do not wear
their uniforms anymore? well, they hardly wore it anyway. Plus, the
long hair really made them look older that what they were supposed to
look like. I also don't know how Harry had that muscles when in the
book, they said he looked really "peaky"? Unless Uncle Vernon actually
made him work out in summer, there's no way he could achieve those. I
guess Daniel Radcliffe just worked out, but it really shows.How come they kept on cutting the good parts of the book? Like all the
teasing and stuff? Like how cho chang was actually important in the
book when in the movie, she looked like this small time girl who harry
likes? I believe they should have made more of an impact with this
character than the rest of the extra sorts (like viktor, digory)? Cho
Chang was the crush of harry potter! and in the next movie, they are
going to make out! And in the 6th movie, they are supposed to break up!
If they couldn't build up the foundation of Cho Chang, all hopes will
be lost for the desired Cho Chang because the people who haven't read
the book hardly even remembered her!!!
			
All of the acting in this movie is amazing! I like all of the other
Harry Potter movies a lot but this one is just off the charts for me! I
really like how it really relates to the book where for some movies if
they have a book, they never go along with the book, but this one
definitely does! This is a great movie for anybody! I think that if
they didn't have such phenomenal actors and actresses this movie
wouldn't be half as good as it is! This is a really good sequel to the
third book! Once I saw Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire I wanted to
see it over again, it was definitely a really good movie! Everybody
else in my family loves this movie so it is definitely good for all
ages! In conclusion if you haven't seen this movie you definitely
should!
			
This, in my opinion, is the best harry potter yet. the first one was
good, but i just don't really like the first ones story that much. the
second one is the second best out of the four. it was really done well,
and the anamatronics looked so real. the third was very good, but
didn't seem lik a harry potter type of movie. this one, however, was
just like i pictured it. it had so muc action in it. it had al the
characters in it, and the tasks were the best you could make them. my
favorite scene was the dragon scene. it was done like the books, with
more. the only thing this one lacked was that it didn't have as much of
of the story as it should have. there should have been an extended, 3
hour release that had more in it still a great movie 10/10
			
Once again, the Harry Potter books receive a hugely successful film
adaptation - with beautiful effects, good acting, gripping plots and
situations and the great John Williams score. (However, this film was
not composed by John Williams - but the score still was good.) But this
film is probably Potter's best adventure yet - the film's 12A
certificate is justified, and shows that the Potter films do not need
to keep within limits. The ending is powerfully done, the underwater
scenes in the middle are done eerily and with no flaws, the film once
again stays loyal to the book, and the scene in which the Quidditch
World Cup was attacked was not only done action-packed, but also
harrowingly. This was probably the least forgettable of all the Harry
Potter films - I sure do hope that number 5 will live up to the
reputations set by this and the others, and that Sirius' death will be
done in a way that is greater than anything in this film. The DVD
release was worthy of this great film. The Goblet of Fire had a sharp
script, beautifully done action sequences and effects, good acting
(which proves that Richard Harris' death has not destroyed the film),
and good direction - another huge success for the boy wizard. A
stunning job! 10/10
			
This film 'Goblet Of Fire' is the best film of Harry Potter series in
my view.I am a fan of Harry Potter myself.The specialty of this film is
that no scene is irrelevant.Every scene has its importance and
relevance of its own now or little later.This makes it even more
exciting and interesting.The suspense, thrill and horror keeps the
viewers stick to the film till the end.The choice of characters is
superb, specially Prof. Moory,Dumbledore And Offcourse Lord
Voldemort.Their entry captures the screen.This film is also a
transition period for a child Harry who is transforming into an adult
magician.Everything happening in the screen has a dual purpose;one for
the entire world of people and the other for..............To put in a
nutshell,I had never seen a film like this before which could satisfy
me completely.I wish to salute the JK Rowling And director of this
film.
			
I am a complete and utter die hard fan of the Harry Potter series and i
have to say that this is the best movie yet. Although i adore the other
3, this one is in a different class of its own, with the acting and
special effects. I have to point out some bad things as well. The one
thing i was genuinely disappointed about was the fact that only one
classroom scene was in the whole movie. that is what i liked about the
other films, we got to see them in actual school surroundings. Anyway i
definitely wasn't disappointed with the action scene particularly the 3
tasks and Voldemort's reappearance. wow was i scared when i first saw
Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort. and even though i have read the book and i
knew what was going to happen i did shed a tear when Cedric was
murdered. Although things went a bit too fast and for non-readers of
the series they will be confused at times, Mike Newell did very well
for such a long book. Of course i went and pre-ordered the DVD as soon
as i could and watch it at least 3 times a week!
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is not my favorite of the Harry
Potter movies, but it is very good nonetheless.It's fun to see how Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint have
grown as actors since the first film. Not to say that they were bad
when they were younger, but they are far better in this film, than in
any of the others. Emma Watson's performance in particular was very
good, and I at least think that she is the best actor of the 3 of them.
I loved Brendan Gleeson as Mad-Eye Moody. He was perfect! Insane and
totally wacko, I loved his performance. Another performance I loved was
Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort. Brilliant! He definitely captured the
essence of the character. I did have problem with Robert Pattinson as
Cedric Diggory. Granted, he looks the part, but he doesn't act it  at
least not as I envisioned the character while reading the book. The
only major character disappointment was the lack of Sirius Black. I
really wish that he had been included more, but oh well.The Goblet of Fire is stunningly shot. Definitely deserved the
nomination for Best Achievement in Art Direction at the Oscars.My biggest problem with The Goblet of Fire I blame entirely on Mike
Newell. Perhaps I am wrong to lay the blame on him and instead it
should be laid upon the producers, so correct me if I'm wrong. Harry
Potter and the Goblet of Fire runs at 157 minutes. Longer than most
films, but shorter than some. In their effort to keep the movie going
at a snappy pace, the filmmakers have neglected all transitions except
for the snappy cut. This is a huge irritance. You're watching the
beginning of the movie and you think, "Cool! They're at the Quidditch
Cup! Oh! The Cup is over. Oh! Now they're at Hogwarts." There's nothing
to tell you that anytime has passed. I think that the audience would
sacrifice a few seconds of their time for a well placed dissolve/fade
out or two. Another place where they may have moved things to quickly
is in the Graveyard. It's absolutely crucial to not only the plot of
this movie, but the plots of all the Harry Potter movies to come, and I
feel that it could have been lengthened a fair amount. The Yule Ball
isn't incredibly important for the plot, but it takes up a fair space
of time in the movie. Though beautifully shot, I believe they could
have axed a large amount of that off and used that time in the
Graveyard instead. And my last problem is just something that as a huge
Harry Potter fan, I really wanted to see on film, the Quidditch World
Cup. I think that would have been a ton of fun to watch, but it too was
axed from the plot. Again, I would have given up most of the Yule Ball
even for a small amount of the Quidditch Cup.I enjoyed Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. Though not my favorite
of the Harry Potter movies, I thought that the acting was the best yet,
and I thoroughly enjoyed it. 9/10
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a fantastic film for any age at
all. It has comedy, action, and a great storyline. This film is a must
see. We start off with Voldemort himself, but not really AS himself.
This particular volume of the series is about his return, and the
addition to some very vital characters. The basic plot is that after an
odd mishap in a tournament of the wizard world, Harry must endure
himself in three very hard and mature tasks.The Pros: This is the first Harry Potter movie that has done a great
job on following the story, and cutting out all the unnecessary crap
that filled the fourth book. The first one did a great job of following
the book as well; almost exactly, but that book was a lot smaller as
opposed to the fourth book which is the 2nd largest in the series of
1-6 (page wise). The special effects and audio is fantastic, especially
when watching it in a home theater.The Cons: If you have read the book, you will know that the story gets
a bit more depressing from here. The Goblet of Fire is also now
available on DVD, but does not have the nice paper and plastic casing
as the first and second Harry Potter movies did. Again, there isn't
much wrong with this film, since it was butchered very well.Overall, I give this movie a 10 out of 10. The actors, the visual
effects, the surround sound, and all of the bonus features are
fantastic, and can be enjoyed by anyone. Best Harry Potter movie that
has come out by far. We'll see how they do on the next three.
			
Everything about this movie has made me love the Harry Potter franchise
even more. The special effects were outstanding. The acting improves
for each film. The pace was fast and satisfying. Although I am not a
fan of Mike Newell and his directing, he has turned this movie into
something I was not expecting at all: a thriller. I was very impressed
with how they handled the editing of this film. Each scene in the film
was necessary and they didn't add anything silly or pointless. They
left out the right things and kept the right things. These movies keep
growing as they progress, and I can only hope that the next film is
even better. The movie also kept its darkness, which I am very happy
about, and I hope the films continue to appeal to an older audience.
Bravo!
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire/2005/***1/2Main Stars: Daniel Radcliffe Emma Watson Rupert Grint Robert Pattinson
Clmence Posy Stanislav Ianevski Michael GambonThis film is great and wonderfully imaginative but is probably my least
favorite of the Harry Potter movie series. I had a feeling this would
be greater than expected after seeing the preview a dozen times. Yet I
was not exactly correct. The thing is the composer was not John
Williams (as it was in the other three Harry Potter movies). It was
Patrick Doyle whom I have never heard of. The direction was by Mike
Newell whom also I have never heard of. So there are quite a few people
that are new to me but there still is Steve Kloves (the screenwriter
for the whole series so far). I have heard of him so there's one. I
um It's heard to explain this movie because there are too many things
going on at once. Basically it is a great film but yet not as good as
the first and second which were astounding. Let me try to define; Harry
is in yet another adventure of almost getting killed. There. Okay.
Okay. Yes, there is a lot more to the story than that. Harry finds that
his crush is going to the Yule Ball (the dance) at the school with
someone else named Cedric Diggory (Robert Pattinson). Harry's crush is
named Cho Chang. Having read half of the book already, I knew about
most of the beginning and knew what was going to happen. The thing is
they cut a lot of the information (the details) from the book out in
the movie because (obviously) you can't fit a whole amount of detail
from a 700-page book in a 2- hour movie. You just can't. But to me it
was still great and extremely dark and I can tell it took a lot of
effort to make this film (especially for the visual/special effects
coordinators). This film probably had more special effects than any of
the Harry Potter movies out there. Now in this movie not only does
Hogwarts house the Hogwarts students but also houses the students from
Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. Those two words I mentioned are names of
different schools of magic besides Hogwarts. They are housed at
Hogwarts because they consist of a champion of The Triwizard
Tournament. There is a champion of Hogwarts named Cedric Diggory
(Robert Pattinson), a champion of Beauxbatons named Fleur Delacour
(Clmence Posy), and a champion of Durmstrang named Viktor Krum
(Stanislav Ianevski), but Harry Potter also is included in that because
of a magical goblet that spit out his name on a burning piece of
parchment (along with the other three champions). Now you notice that
it's called The Triwizard Tounament; meaning that there should only be
three wizard/witches that are in it. In this case it should be called
The Quadrawizard Tournament since there is a member of Hogwarts that is
joined but Harry is also in there. So there are really two people from
Hogwarts and one person from the other two competing schools. Now, this
so-called goblet is the main thing in this book and film because that
goblet tells whom the champion will be from each school that competes
in The Triwizard Tournament (That's obviously where they get the title
of the book/film). Whoever those champions consist will be the ones who
are assigned three tasks that are very difficult. Whoever wins will win
the cup. 'Wiz' is emblazoned on the cup and whoever wins will be the
'Wiz' of The Triwizard Tournament. Dumbledore (Michael Gambon) was
obviously not as good as Richard Harris (the one prior to Gambon)
because he had was too gruff and too loud and not as wise as Harris
was. Richard was a tough guy though because he still played Dumledore
even though he was very sick while on the set of Harry Potter and the
Chamber of Secrets and then soon passed away. There also is a teacher
that shows up in this movie and teaches the Defense against the Dark
Arts class (a new teacher) named Mad-Eye Moody. At the end is a shock
though and it involves this character so watch closely. Other than that
you have your usual other characters: Hermione, Ron, and Draco Malfoy
who didn't have a huge part in this movie (Draco I mean) nor did his
comrades. Movie directed by Mike Newell. Oh! By the way, this is also
the film where you see Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes) in person! Very
awesome!
			
it was different from the other movies and it was something that i
believe lots of harry potter fans were looking forward to i personally
loved it.it made a lot of sense to have a little bit of romance and
crushes int this movie.it gave it a big push and i think it attracted a
lot more fans.i gave it a ten because it was my personal favorite but i
think my favorite was the third one.but it was nice to see something
really different from the rest of the movies.except for that it isn't
so different it will drive fans away.i was more like a good different
that it will bring a lot more fans.i would recommend this movie to a
lot of people.it was a mystery and it was fun and cute too.i think
people will and do love it.
			
well, i think harry potter and the goblet of fire is the best movie so
far!! it has a wonderful content and besides all the actors have done
soo well. boo to all the hp haters. it is better than the other harry
potter movies because the kids are mature in this movie. they are no
more kids. all the tasks have been shown in a wonderful way. the first
task, the underwater scene and the maze. it starts off as harry's
fourth year at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardy. the dark lord
is coming into power and sends some of his death eaters to the quidichh
world cup. and next the triwizard tournament is introduced. harry's
name is taken out of the goblet of fire unexpectedly. he has no choice
but to participate. and so the story goes on and hogwarts is the
champion GO HARRY POTTER!!!!!!!!
			
Well for starters , I'm a big fan of Harry Potter. I love all of the
Harry Potter series , I've repeated watching them for like thousand
times already, so far Goblet of Fire i've only watched about 5 times
(one from cinema the rest from DVD ) . During 1st time when I went to
the cinema with my mom to watch GOF, I was so exciting , I was really
keen to see the film. But unfortunately throughout the film there were
this 4 little BUGGING kids sitting behind us , TALKING throughout the
whole film. They were talking about Richard Harris death and now have
change the new Dumbledore and rumors about Daniel , all sort of rubbish
...and during the part where Harry almost caught the dragon egg, the
four mad kids went screaming their lungs out shouting :" Ahhhh !! harry
get the egg ! get the egg ! " Jesus ,i was sure those people nearby
were staring them with these fierce gaze , so does my mum....But anyway
back to the movie , I din quite understand when I got out of the
theater , probably cause of those kids. I felt a little disappointment
of the show , coz i think its a lil rush at some part, is like showing
this scene for a while and suddenly boom ,comes another story. As too I
din quite know what was it the show was trying to say , but in the end
I still got home , still thinking, reading preview, that sorta thing. BUT, After five darn long months I've waited , the DVD is out , my bro
bought it for my b'day presant and I was so delighted. That night I sat
in the AV room alone trying to put all my focus on the show , and after
2hours and 45mins, the show ended. I got up and said :'damn the living
hell , another brilliant one" ... I totally understand now after
watching it for the second time , I saw some scene where I din know it
was shown in the theater. It really was a excellent show.(ABOUT ACTORS AND ACTRESSES) Daniel , Emma , Rupert , the Twins and
other new cast like Robert Pattinson(Cedric Diggory) , Stanislav
Ianevski(Viktor Krum) and of coz the beauty of a french girl , Clmence
Posy(Fleur Delacour )... they all are brilliant actors and
actress...Dan Emma and Rupert have definitely develop their stamina and
acting skill..I was really amazed by Emma & Ron acting this time (as
always). Emma spent most of her time in this movie worrying and crying
(she's act good at crying). The way she talked in this film has changed
too..and as for Ron , wow his way of acting has changed and I think
it's real good so as the others) , but for this one his definitely
acted the best. Unfortunately for Dan , a lil disappointment , although
he has improve , but still there's some part that hasn't, for example
the expression on his face isn't there but others parts but others were
great , just the expression of the face. As for the new cast , one word
: Marvelous acting. ......... oh yeah !!! I FORGOT ONE VERY IMPORTANT
THING...after I read some of the reviews I realise I'm not the only one
who just think that way , there are thousand and thousand of ppl out
there think that way too.....which the subject is upon Albus
Dumbledore....Jesus man ! Michael Gambon S**K at playing Albus , Jesus
, as I said I've read ppls review, Albus supposed to be a calm , wise
type of person but this for Christ sake known Michael Gambon is like a
hectic crush monster man , the way he walk the way he talk the way he
look the way he treat ppl , Jesus man .... his a lunatic , his acting
skills are horrible (apologise to Michael.G fans out
there).....horrible , just pure horrible . As for me , I think they
should find someone else instead !(FAV Scene....................) My fav scene was the part where the
show almost end , it was when Harry & Voldermort were casting spell at
each other, and suddenly Harry's parents and Cedric (who got killed by
Voldermort) came out from Voldermort's wand. When Harry's parents and
Cedric talked to Harry , wow that part really touched me, Cedric said
:' Bring my body back will you , bring my body back to my father'
Harry's mom :' let go son , let go ! ' ... oh gosh that was a really
great moment...Lastly , This is another great Harry Potter Film , for all of u Harry
Potter fans out there, WATCH IT AGAIN !!! and for those whom u called
it Harry Pothead or whatever crap u named it , u r one idiot, you
should give it a chance , watch it again , if u still dun like it ,
watch it again , and if u still dun like it , watch it again...that's
all i can say... As for now , I'm totally anxious about the next one , ORDER OF THE
PHOENIX , IT'S GETTING BETTER AND BETTER AND SUPREME
BETTER...........................................
			
i thought this was a well filmed film i thought that they have outdone
themselves once again. as i thought the last one was good i thought
this one beat the rest by a long shot. what can i say they keep getting
better. i think that the actors were better and the special effects
were better as well. i liked the bigger more interesting story line. it
had loads more action it seemed liked the action never stopped.i found
Ron especially exciting to watch as i find him funny and a non stop
funny character.i like the fact of widening the wizards away from
Hogwarts i found these new characters great to watch as they were new
and different. can't wait to see the next one.
			
Excellent attempt at summarising the book... however, as I usually
find,the plot was somewhat scant and could actually be disjointed at
times. Some of the brilliance that is JK Rowling obviously had to be
compromised, with some of the book's sub-plots being completely omitted
(as obviously necessary). Lets face it, who has the money to make a six
hour movie to include everything? Radcliffe's performance is wonderful
as Potter. Snape is almost completely lost as a character. Dumbledore
seems to have lost his powerful presence somewhat. A lot of the tension
in the book is just not here. The final scenes, however, are truly
magnificent.My recommendation is that you enjoy the movie as it is, and try not to
compare it too much to the book. Given the sacrifices of this movie, I
look forward to the Order of the Pheonix with some trepidation.
			
BEST MOVIE OUT YET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This has to be the best
performance for all the roles in this movie. Daniel Radcliffe, Emma
Watson, and Rupert Grint come together again for this excellent movie.
A perfect pair and a perfect match. You have to see this movie. Just
like the other many hits I'd have to say that this is one of the best.
I really didn't like the 2nd movie. My favorite are the 1st, 3rd, and
fourth!!! HARRY POTTER ROCKS!!!!! Emma Watson has preformed
exceptionally and Daniel again wonderful. Rupert Grint puts a little
comedy twist. A great welcome to all the many other characters and
those new. You will be overwhelmed before the climax. YOU HAVE TO WATCH
IT! WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL, SPLENDID!
			
My Gosh. I just love Harry Potter so much. The movies and the
characters are just amazing they really make it great. I would have to
say i am just in love with Harry Potter Movies,Books,Collectables,and
anything else that has to do with it. The movies are so great i would
have to say i am obsessed with Harry Potter Movies. I love Daniel
Radcliffe, Rupert gr int, and Emma Watson. They are all great they make
the movies just wonderful. i would die if there was no more harry
potter I'm the hugest, biggest, most obsessive fan. I just love it. I
love the whole lot i wish i could meet the cast someday and get and
autograph. I love them so much. They are indeed amazing. <3 Sam
			
I watched the movie with much anticipation and no expectations. The
movies can never be exactly like the books and to see one with the
expectations of being just like the books won't do. This movie was
extremely well done. You're never bored throughout the whole movie.
Graphics are fantastic and very realistic. Ending scenes were very
dramatic and very close to how they happened in the book. There's
always something happening. Keeps you on the edge of your seat and
wanting more, just as it should. Costumes were fantastic and the actors
were brilliant, as always. Can't wait for OOTP to be released,hope it
is as well made as this movie was.
			
Seriously i believe that this Harry Potter movie is the BEST out of the
4. So for all of you people that are so pick with whats not in the
movie well DEAL WITH IT...its not like they can film the WHOLE book
because there's too much, so really just live with it and stop being so
critical about everything. Because so what if its missing something who
cares? well not a lot of people that actually don't pay attention in
comparing the movie to the book. Anyways, i thought that this movie is
the best because it had Awesome acting from Daniel Radcliffe(Harry
Potter), Emma Watson(Hermione), Rupert Grint(Ron Weasley), Micheal
Gambon(Dumbledore) and everyone else. This by far had the most action,
horror, drama and Teen hormones in it, which made it good. All the
action scenes were impressive and magnificent. The horror was pretty
awesome too because in the last 3 movies we didn't see a lot of horror.
Now the Drama...so much going on in this movie..it's either drama with
friends or drama with love or drama with enemies or just plain old
drama, and i think that a lot of the teenagers that saw this movie
noticed drama between the characters..well at least i did. Let me just
say that this is a great Family movie, action movie, magical movie i've
ever seen. They really portrayed the World Quidditch Cup well, the 3
tasks that the 4 champions had to do were very impressive and action
filled also, and then the love relationships were also portrayed well.
Well i would go and see this movie! definitely i mean i've seen it
twice so far and there are more times to come! so go on and watch it!
except i probably wouldn't go see it if you bring a 3-6 year old kid
along...because of all the horror and stuff.Any questions? just e-mail me at ucan_trustme30@hotmail.com
			
Newell and the actors and actresses did a great job in the fourth
sequel of hp movies. the special effects were good also. but the
greatest part is the drama scene of which is limited in the first three
movies. you can feel the emotions gushing through the characters, its
like you were watching the real harry, Ron, Hermione, and others come
to life. i can say that of all the hp sequel this one really astounded
me, it seems that everyone said the movie was great after when they
finish it. all in all it was the excellent film of this year. i could
say that the editing was correctly, apparently the director was
religious in following the author, he didn't omit important scenes but
at the same time he tried to show the true essence of the story. this
movie proves that this not just about magic and war, here you can say
that hp is an emotional yet a satisfactory movie for both male and
female may he/she be young or old
			
I loved this movie. I loved every aspect about it. Emma Watson was
beautiful as well as everyone else. It was particularly more
interesting because the director seemed to add a little more humor and
romance in to the movie, which is great. One thing that kept bothering
me during the movie was the characterization of Albus Dumbledore. I'm
sorry for the old man, but Dumbledore was just way off from the
portrayal of him from the book. I've always imagined Dumbledore to be
calm, intelligent, and even, majestic. However, the Dumbledore I saw in
the movie was irritating, confused, and short-tempered. I wonder why
the director is continuing to use this Dumbledore (I don't know the
actor), while there must be at least SOMEONE who can do a better job
them him. However, other characters were great, and I especially liked
the little romance going on between Hermione and Ron (or Harry?).
Anyways, I really enjoyed the movie, and I just hope that the director
can do something about Dumbledore in the next one.
			
The Harry Potter series gets better and better because the actors are
getting better. I would have liked a bit of focus on Diggery and a few
more classes explored -- especially the quiddich match -- that would
have been spectacular -- however I thought the pace was a bit fast -
and I thought even if one had never read the book, it was done where
they got the gist of it. The opening was excellent, excellent, as soon
as I was thrown into that opening like the book -- I was hooked again
and could remember every nuance of the book -- it was a brilliant
opening! This is a great series and I hope they keep coming -- very
well acted and very well directed -- Loved every exciting moment Miss
Desmond
			
I am amazed how well a 750 page book has been condensed into 2 1/2
hours of film. The action and tension never wavered and as an adult I
love the fact that the characters are growing up into interesting and
in real life incredibly photogenic people. The three main actors
improve every time I see a film and the most noticeable improvement to
me is in the acting skills of Daniel Radcliffe, who displayed an
emotional range that I have not seen before. I look forward to seeing
him and the other main characters in future Potter and non-Potter
films. I have seen this film more than once and it has already been
added to one of my all time personal favorites. I must admit that I am
a shameless "Potter" fan whose love of this story began with the books.
For those of you who are upset with some details being omitted, get
over it. Overall, the end result is an extremely well crafted and
enjoyable film.
			
well this movie is much better than the second and the third, the
actors are much better and the emotional part of the acting is much
better and not so shallow. and the set and the customs are much better
i tried to laugh when the director added to add more humor, but it was
fine. the CG Effacts were great! and i loved seeing the dragon rushing
after harry (almost killing him :D). amazing sound..as always! i heard
about Daniel wants to leave his role in the movies.. but i don't really
care..best movie out of 4 :) it really is the best..8.5 out of 10
			
This movie is a must see film!! It is very exciting and humorous as
well as frightening in some parts. The special effects are amazing and
very realistic. Daniel Radcliff is great in this movie he shows deep
emotion and determination in his role as Harry Potter. I would
recommend this to anyone over the age of 10 as there are some scary
scenes that would give younger children night mares. This movie had me
on the edge of my seat the whole time as it was a very gripping movie.
However the movie is a quick and not as spread out as the book. Even
though it is 2 and a half hours long. That is the only fault in this
brilliant movie I would go and see this movie time and time again! One
of the best movies of 2005!!!
			
i thought this movie was an excellent display of, adventure, horror,
comedy and romance packed in a wonderful harry potter movie. all the
scripts were another great example of the magic world of Harry Potter
it was enjoyable for me, my brothers and my parents. i was not a great
fan of Harry Potter before i saw this movie but now i am and ill never
stop loving Harry and his world. altogether i gave the movie a 10/10
because it really felt like i was there in the magic delightful
adventures of Harry and his friends. well done Harry. the book told an
eventful story that the movie took into action and created an excellent
story of a young boy trapped in a magic world.
			
I've seen all 4 Harry Potter movies and read all 6 Harry Potter books.
By far, this is my favorite of the Harry Potter movies so far. Yes,
some things from the book were cut from the screenplay, but in my
opinion, nothing essential was left out. The "additions" in the movie
that weren't in the book helped to clarify the plot and fill in what
was "cut" without ruining the flavor of the story. I don't think this
was accomplished as well in "Prizoner of Askaban."This movie definitely deserved the "PG-13" rating. I took my 9 and 11
year old daughters to see this movie, but only because both had read
the book several times and knew what to expect, as well as when to
cover their eyes! I wouldn't bring a child younger than 12 or 13 if he
or she was not familiar with the story.
			
Just a small goof or two. Rita Skeeter insists on depicting Harry as a
mere boy of twelve in her articles, but the headlines of the articles
read "teenage tragedy". Perhaps alliteration is more important than
basic math? Also, Harry makes the statement, "Here we are, four years
later." If they are presently in their fourth year, then here they are
indeed, but actually only THREE years "later". These and other "goofs"
as pointed out by the esteemed members of IMDb, however, do not in my
opinion take away from the general entertainment value of the movie. My
six year old has seen it three times and keeps begging to go back
again. It has been a wonderful fun ride each time. Apologies to all of
the book fans who feel "cheated" and that certain key elements were
left out. If you want an exact replay of the book, then I suggest
reading the book again. Good luck, however keeping your children
attentive for seven hundred pages. On the other hand, if you want great
cinematography, engaging characters, stunning visuals, and good clean
family entertainment packed into a three hour family outing, then go
see this movie. Thanks for reading!
			
This is a brilliant adaptation of the book. The feel is dark and gritty
and not for the very young. It continues in the vein of the last film.
Meaning that there is more darkness and shadows instead of the bright
colors of the first two films. The only important part of the book left
out is the whole dispute between the Ron's family and his brother
Percy. This makes the film more Harry-centered which is okay, but
disappointing for true book fans. Ralph Fiennes is incredibly scary and
convincing as Lord Voldermort. I kept wondering how Voldermort could be
done. His voice is both eerie in its gentleness making it sound soft
and snake-like. And his make-up is perfect.
			
this is by far the best harry Potter movie yet, i mean sure it had some
scary parts but what i like is the yule ball scene, a lot of emotion,
plus the goblet scene is also a very crucial point in the movie, i just
think:its amazing how these 3,11 year old kids go from 14 year old
mature adults i cant wait to see what Order of the Phoenix has to offer
when it comes out in June of 2007.... oh and one more thing who does
Hermione love more, harry or Ron? (just a question because I'm curious)
so all in all the VERY BEST movie yet. ONE VERY LAST THING Mad Eye
Moody was cool and i hope he will be in Ootp. the last last thing,the dark lord whats his story?
			
I Love This Movie!~ all of the characters have fully developed, and i
must say that they all look so dashing!it is a thrill to watch them
grow up! and i hope to see them do the last 2 after their 5 movie
contract is up! Ron got dashingly handsome in this last one, just look
at his quaint Lil facial expressions! What a doll!!!!!! oh boy how i do
love my Lil Ronny! and Emma, you have grown up i dare say. speaking
from another woman, it is lovely to see how you have developed, and you
are looking rather beautiful in the vogue issue as well. And finally
harry, you are so cute. i know that Daniel in real life is probably not
like his character that is why i write to Harry, you are so brave and
have such a heroic aspect of life it is breath taking, i should very
mush like to make your acquaintance some day! well cheerio!
			
I loved this film it was excellent and the scenes to the end were
amazing i give it 10 out of 10 everyone should go and see it the
effects and acting in this film are brilliant i definitely recommend it
they managed to get quite a lot of stuff from the book into the film
whoever decided to take on these films are truly amazing it was
definitely worth making all of the movies and i also hope there will be
many many more to come cant wait for the next one keep them coming Many
thanks to JK Rowling for creating these amazing books i am currently
collecting a set of them they are brilliant to read anywhere and you
just cant put them down once you pick them up they seriously have the
best story lines
			
After re-reading the book, I was disappointed with some of the plot
lines being left out. With that being said, I thought the movie really
played up the important parts of the book; the tasks, the relationships
between the trio and the adults, and other things I won't mention. I
was awed by the film, despite the minor changes and omissions.
Definitely the best Harry Potter film yet (and I am a HUGE fan of the
third film). The scene underwater was frighteningly real to me. Even
knowing that it all turns out well wasn't enough for me to feel
comfortable. Very welled acted, directed and shot. The sets were, as
always, fantastic. This film is a definite must see for anyone who
loves Harry Potter.
			
I loved this movie because it was able to be humorous while still being
true to the story. I loved having more of the Weasley twins as they are
favorite characters of mine. The kids are growing up and so is the
humor. I would recommend this for teenagers (around the same age as the
characters). But, I think it would be a little too much for younger
kids and I can only imagine future films will also contain PG-13 or
stricter ratings.Although I love Hagrid, Professor McGonagall and Professor Snape, I was
glad to see them play smaller roles in the movie. This year didn't seem
to have Snape's character targeting Harry and Ron as much as he did in
the past. I can't wait for the next movie or book.In rank order, this one is the best of the first four. Second place
would have to go to the original - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's
Stone, then Prisoner of Azkaban, followed by Chamber of Secrets (even
though Chamber is a great film, also).
			
Since the first book came out way back when I have been in love with
the Harry Potter series, and when the movies started coming out I loved
them even more! The first and second movies were very good for the
time, the actors were all so young and cute and it fit for the movies.
Then came third movie, and that too was amazing, although I was
disappointed on the lack of following the book, but the fourth movie
was outstanding. The visual effects, the accuracy, the acting,
everything was amazing. Each of the actors, Daniel, Rupert, and Emma
have grown into themselves, and found how to incorporate their
personalities to each of the characters. Even the newest actors, all
seem to gel very well with the veterans. The chemistry was amazing in
the movie. You can tell how everyone got along, and it shone through on
screen. By far the fourth movie was the best and I highly recommend
seeing it.
			
I give it 10 not because it's one of the greatest movies of all time
but more cause it's the best out of four. I really didn't imagine
before that this fourth movie will be this dark. The maze and the
graveyard scenes are amazing. It's dark, thrilled, and stunning. It's
not the same as I imagined but it's way better. I love it. It's true
that it doesn't show the wondrous wizard world. It's more to the main
story, the Triwizard Tournament. But it doesn't disappoint me cause I'm
afraid it will be boring instead. But maybe if Mike Newell could just
show the Quidditch Cup a little more and Harry-Sirius interactions
(which is very important cause we all know what will happen on the
fifth). It's two and a half hours. I don't mind if it's three. Lots
said that Daniel Radcliffe has improved much, and I agree. It's very
comfortable seeing his acting. Rupert Grint shows the same old Ron.
Emma Watson is the problem. Both Dan and Rupert act in a comfort way,
but Emma seems so tense. And that makes their acting looks imbalance
and uncomforted, especially when they appear at the same scene. I think
Emma gives too much energy. While the other casts, well.. I must say
that no wonder Ralph Fiennes is one of my favorite actors. He's so
great. He's a perfect Voldemort. Both his movement and voice stunned
me, though he appears only a few minutes. Brian Gleeson is also great.
But I'm a little disappoint 'bout Madame Maxime. I imagined she has the
appearance sort of Hagrid. Cause I believe in the book it said she's
big not tall. And Michael Gambon as Dumbledore.. I'm sorry but I still
love Richard Harris. The cold war between Harry and Ron is shown
different than the book. Rather than showing Ron's sad and jealousy,
it's more to comedy (in a good way). To me, Harry and Ron look like a
couple who had a fight. It's very hilarious. The other exciting thing
is Fred and George. They didn't appear much on the last three movies.
But here, they did a big contribution making audiences laugh. Despite
my great enjoyment of this film, I have one question. How did Barty
Crouch Junior escaped from Azkaban? Is it dementor who help him? The
film doesn't explain it, probably they forgot. Well anyway, I still
love it and I hope the fifth movie can fill the missing holes.
			
I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter books, there one of my favorite
series. I cant say the same however for the movies, the first three i
thought were...OK...but there was never the magic so to say that i saw
in the books. I always wanted a little bit more from the movies. This
movie however i feel broke that trend for me. When i first thought
about them making this book into a movie my first thought was how the
hell are they gonna pull that off. I honestly think that they did.
There approach to this movie was to cut out a lot, and focus on the
huge parts, i love the small parts of the books but i realized that
they couldn't make that into a movie without it being 97 hours long,
not that i would complain to sit threw a 97 hour long movie. They even
managed to cut characters roles by combining their role in the book
with other characters in the book. I.E. Doby + Nevil. Although i wish
that the small stuff could have been put in, i think that the result
without was great. I think that it would have been acceptable to add 20
minutes to the movie to make each task just that much longer, but i
know that the typical movie audience wouldn't want that. I think these
kids are really starting to get good at this whole acting thing. Nevel
for example, man was i impressed by that kids acting, he had few lines
in the movie, but man did he get to me.I have never heard of the director, and I'm going to do some research
on him because i absolutely think his techniques were incredible. Most
directors forget all the simple stuff, the stuff that cant be done by
computers and that no one notices but really make a difference. The
really elementary ideas of cinematic effects. I believe this director
mastered it, i noticed a ton of things that were so simple they were
beautiful. for example the use of water, i.e. tears on the window when
it was raining, or the water running past the gargoyles mouth when it
was raining. This director had such a different approach to the movie,
some parts i thought was almost UN-desired, but most of it i loved. i
love it when a director goes to the bottom of the bag and uses all the
tricks he can think of. thats one of the ingredients to make a good
director.there were only a handful of complaints that i can make about this
movie. There are two parts that i think are essential to the books
point that weren't in the movie, the Triwizard tournament, i mean the
actual game. Also the hospital scene when you find out about Nevil's
parents. and see the stupefied old dark arts teacher, not to mention
Mr. Wesley and his "muggle cures." Also i think some of the acting in
the beginning was a little over acted, i.e. Mad-eye moody. I also
thought that for the first 1/3 of the movie the score of music didn't
really line up like it should have, this is sad because i always loved
the harry potter scores. Finally i believe the ending should have been
like in the book. The book had one of the most intense endings ever.
the movie did not, it just kinda ended in the happy note. The book
ended with the...oh crap, were in trouble, chaos is
happening...feeling, when Dubledore sent Hagred out with his new love
to "do what he has to" (we find out in the 5th book that he is trying
to get the giants on the good side) and Dumbledore sends Snape to spy
on Voldemort. then the book ended. It was one of the most "holy crap"
"what happens next" end of the book i have ever read. The movie didn't
do that to me, i feel that it would have helped the movie a lot more if
it did happen this way. Also it would have lead into the 5th movie very
well.I love also that they allowed this to be PG-13, it lead room for more
to happen, and i hope that if necessary (from reading the books it is
necessary) to increase this more in the future, it leaves them with
more breathing room to make things the way they should be, not to
mention it kinda follows the fans as they get older. I think that this
was one of the best moves in the production of this movie.I really hope that this director stays on board, he did this movie
better than Christopher Colombus (director of the first two) and i
thought he did damn well. This director blew me away. He pulled off the
impossible, and hopefully he stays with Harry long enough to pull off
the yet even more impossible.This movie was hilarious, dramatic, suspenseful, and damn right jaw
drooping its a 5 star movie if i ever saw one.I recommend reading the book before you see it, i think if you read the
book, and realize that it is OK that they left so much out then you
will love it. If you don't read the book it will still be good, but you
wont get the same effect because there is a lot of stuff that is in
there but isn't described like it should have been.
			
The best movie I've ever seen! It had some parts missing, but it had
excellent animation, and everything that had to be there was. As the
kids get older and more attractive, they also get better at acting. It
had the best effects I had possibly ever seen, and it was great. They
were all SO lifelike! There are so many themes in this movie that it
can be great for anyone. The PG13 rating was a tad obsessive, but I
don't know, I suppose it could scare a few kids. The ever popular bath
scene was one that might worry a few parents too, but hey, he didn't
look too bad either. You don't see anything, just his chest, so don't
worry. So go see this movie. Right now. It will rock your socks off to
no end.
			
I find that the movie was the best by far of the Harry Potter series.
The special effects are great and the acting is awesome. It has sadness
and horror and of course happiness and it keeps you wanting to keep
watching. It is great. This movie has the teen drama. it shows you
teenagers growing up. I love how the special effects look so real.
Harry potter and the Goblet of Fire i feel is a great movie for
everyone to see. i believe that it could have been a little more easier
to understand for those who have not read the book. You have to listen
closely an pay attention. but in all Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire is great. I love the adventure and the action. This movie make you
sit at the edge of your seat even if you know what will happen because
you read the book. I want the director and producers to know that they
made a great movie and Rowling made a great book. The guys in this
movie are very cute and the Weasley twins are getting hotter every year
as well as Ron. Harry has always been cute. Hermonie is so pretty. I
feel that people grow up so fast. I can not wait to see the movie again
I want to buy it when it come out on DVD. I love how the water scene
looks so cool and how again the special effects are out of this world.
The movie draws you in. I give my thanks to the actors in this movie
and i hope that their life is successful
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire movie was fabulous. The CG was
wonderful. I was wondering if they would be able to pull off the
graveyard scene and talking through the floo network, but they did it
wonderfully.Also, I thought that Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) looked beautiful
for the Yule Ball.I also liked how the humor grew with the age of the characters. It was
a bit more adult. I laughed my head off when Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton)
was turned into a ferret and ended up in one of his friend's pants.
That was hi-larious.I really believe this is a great movie and recommend it to definite
Harry Potter fans and even those who aren't fans of the movies or
books. However, it is definitely holding to the PG-13 rating. I don't
recommend this movie for children under that age without a parent or
guardian.I am definitely a bigger fan of the cast (which now includes Ralph
Fiennes as Voldemort, David Tennant as Barty Crouch Jr., Stanislav
Ianevski as Viktor Krum, and Robert Pattinson as Cedric Diggory. Grr,
baby, very grr).I give it a multiple thumbs up and say it's the best Harry Potter movie
yet.
			
It was the best HP movie I've seen. The only bad things were how much
they had to cut out to fit it into their desired time slot. It goes
straight from the Riddle House to the Quidditch World Cup?! And then
you don't even see the World Cup!! And what happened to S.P.E.W.? House
elves? Rita Skeeter and her beetle Animagus? I mean.. I know they had
to cut some out, but I hate when they cut out things that were actually
in the book and replace them with stuff that they want in there to make
it "look better." Other than that, it is an excellent movie. Too bad
Cedric had to die. He was bloody hot. The graveyard scene is exactly
how I pictured it when I read the book. It was amazing. And I also like
this movie the best because it's so emotional. I cried when I went to
see it.
			
If you like Harry Potter, I really don't see why you wouldn't like this
movie. It doesn't follow the book directly but then again, the path it
does take stems from within the book itself. For example, how Harry
manages to get through task two.Anyway, I went into movies expecting to see a good film but maybe a
little bit of a mutilated book and after seeing how rushed the third
movie was, you couldn't really blame me. I liked the movies up to this
point but I have to say, non gave me the same thrill as Goblet of Fire.
It was awesome, brilliant, just spectacular. And I complain about a lot
of things... but no matter how much they missed from the books, I don't
want to complain. They tried their bests to include as much as possible
and they did a great job, even if it meant having to jumble things
about a bit and this film can give the fans of the books a new
perspective to play with.By the way... if you're a fan of the books, look out for the Hogwarts
Song (you know the one from Philosopher's Stone - Hogwarts Hogwarts
Hoggy Warty Hogwarts), it makes what I think is its first appearance in
the films... it's short but funny.
			
I will have to say that I have seen all Harry Potter movies but this
one is the best of them all! Daniel Radcliffe's acting, as the brave
unlikely hero, is very good and has improved very much compared to the
last film. Emma Watson as Hermione Granger worrying about Harry just
like in the books makes it even so real..and not to mention Rupert
Grint as Ron making me laugh with his sarcasm and being funny..that's
Ron! All the characters convince the audience that these young actors
are up for the task. The movie was indeed darker than the last three
altogether but everything is leading up to the whole series..that's
what is going to happen. The books are becoming darker and so are the
movies. This has been the best movie I have seen so far, and the
director, Mike Newell was awesome. Everyone did a good job. It was
challenging to have a 734 page book made into a two and a half hour
long movie, but they all were brilliant. Two thumbs up and 10 stars to
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire!
			
If you do what I do every time I sit down to watch a new Harry Potter
movie, which is to separate book from movie then you will absolutely
love Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. What some people must realize
the amazing J.K. Rowling, is not writing the screenplay and she is not
directing, so of course its going to be changed to fit into the 2 and a
half hours time limit. Once you separate book from movie, you will
absolutely love the movie, it is definitely the best one. Yes, the
books will always be better to me, but the Goblet of Fire movie was
most definitely the best movie I've seen in a long time. Although,
there were some changes to the plot that did bug me, them being
Voldemort's eyes weren't red. And I wish they didn't take out the whole
argument at the end with Fudge, Dumbledore, Harry, etc.. I mean people
who don't read the book won't know why the ministry is such a major
donkey's butt in the next movie. Other than that the movie was awesome
and I really love the soundtrack too.
			
Wonderful. We've waited so long for this film and I was so thrilled to
be able to see it. As a matter of fact I've seen it twice. The film
didn't exactly follow the book but all of the really important
information was passed on to the viewer. I thought the acting was
superb. Daniel Ratcliff has really matured as an actor and gets a big
round of applause from me. I love the story. I've read all the books
several times and I was so excited to see this film. I can't wait for
the next book and for the next film to hit the big screens. I've
already requested that Amazon notify me when this movie becomes
available on DVD.
			
if you still haven't seen this movie, rush out and see it now because
harry potter and the goblet of fire is a chance you wont wanna miss. In harry's fourth year, he begins to learn more than just a few simple
spells. he begins to learn about love,friendship, and death, the hard
way. in this year there will be 2 dangerous tasks that will come on the
triwizard tournament and 2 different schools will be joining them this
year. harry unwillingly must compete in these tournaments as a
mysterious being in the school has put harry's name in the goblet. and
of course the growing dread of lord valdemort rising again as i can't
forget to mention.all in all, go see this movie.it has wonderful special effects that are
better than its predecessors and even better that lord of the
rings.even if you haven't read the book, and for those who have, well
lets just say be prepared to be slightly disappointed. just go see it
and have a fun experience! 9/10
			
This movie was awesome! At first I was unsure but the more you watch
the more you just have to love this movie. It was definitely as good as
I expected that it would be. I think it is definitely the best so far!
It even has lots of good humor in it so its not so uptight. It was
funny and witty and actually shows the better side of the story which
is humor, friendship, and love, that I'm sure J.K. takes a lot of time
putting in. It was long, and parts jump but it was just amazing. They
made sure all the important things were put in, and parts of the movie
were even put it word for word. Over all this movie is very good and
the only word for it is AWESOME!!!
			
I must say that this movie lived up to what I imagined it to be. Even
though many things from the book are not there, Newell stuck to what
was important to the main point, the Triwizard Tournament and the
return of Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes). In this movie, Harry is
selected to be a champion in the Triwizard Tournament at Hogwarts.
Other schools and characters come into play in this film, Beauxbatons
and Durmstrang. Fleur Delacour (Clemence Poesy), Viktor Krum (Stanislav
Ianevski) and Cedric Diggory (Robert Pattinson) are the other champions
selected by the Goblet of Fire. In the tournament there are three
dangerous tasks that the champions must complete, one involves a
dragon, which is played out spectacularly on screen and may get the
movie an Oscar nod for visual effects. The movie concludes marvelously
and leaves you drying your eyes on the corner of your sleeve. It is the
darkest Harry Potter yet and back in 2000 when I was reading the book
for the first time, I knew that this would earn a PG-13 rating and I
was right. I'm glad, because without all the violence, it wouldn't be
true to the book, and Hermione was right, everything's going to change
now.
			
Harry potter and the goblet of fire is undoubtedly the best movie of
the series by far. Its cinematic presentation represents the darkness
of the book, without removing the films "comedic" feel. The reason why
this movie is claimed to be "incredible" is because it simply is. It
distinguishes itself from the rest of the movies through its script,
its mood, and the ending which is quite depressing and tragic. Every
movie improves its flaws and gets better and better as the series
progresses. Its good to see that this movie did not only live up to its
hype, but exceeded my expectations tremendously. Overall the movie was
excellent, flawless, and will set the line for the other Harry Potter
films to come.
			
This Harry Potter can't get better on my point of view. The movie is a
very well done and the special affects are awesome. I think this movie
is the most like the books at of all 4 movies. The age is right the
kids look like the age they should be. This is the BEST YET! I hope
this comment helps you buy maybe you don't like it some I have talked
to said it is the worst yet but I disagree 100% The special affects on
the Dark Mark and the greatest adventures so far in the Black lake and
the Enchanted maze also the Hungarian Hornback was an excellent feature
the movie cant be better! I loved it and MANY people agree with me I
saw the line for midnight showings it is such a long line! I went on
opening day and that line was also huge at the theater i went to it is
sold out completely! so That is the movie the movie has great
characteristics to it also. THE BEST YET! How can this movie be
horrible? I have a question how can ANY Harry Potter movie be horrible?
			
Besides the fact that I enjoy immersing myself into the Harry Potter
books, I am an English teacher and appreciate the Harry Potter series
for getting non-readers to read. One thing that I've found with the
first 3 movies is that they do not do justice to the books. I was so
disappointed with Azkaban that I didn't even finish watching it. I went
to The Goblet of Fire not expecting to like it. Boy, was I wrong! It
was by far the best movie of the 4 AND the one that followed the book
most closely. The special effects in this one, at times, had me oohing
and ahhing like a child! Kudos to this new director for making this
movie the best one yet!
			
In June of 2004, I saw and reviewed the Harry Potter and the Prisoner
of Azkaban "What was gold is now lead". To say that I was unhappy with
the movie would be more than an understatement. Needless to say I was
very apprehensive with seeing Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire,
especially under the direction of anyone other than Chris Columbus.My apprehension was without merit. I loved this movie! It was a chapter
in the series worthy of the book. The story kept to the book regardless
of the fact that it had to be edited to fit into the normal span of a
movie.The locations were fantastic, the Director managed to incorporate the
oringially unnecessary and foolish changes made by Alfonso Cuoron, to
set locations in the world originally envisioned on film by Columbus
into the new film which bridged the gap between the films and brought
me back to the world I loved. The bridge which in Prisoner of Azkaban
annoyed me as it had moved Hagrid's Hut away from the castle (after two
movies of being next to the castle, is given reason and purpose in the
Goblet of Fire.This film had it's darkness but more than it's share of humour. New
characters and old were given their due respect on film. The Weasley
twins grew into the pranksters we know from the books, Neville
Longbottom is further developed as is Severus Snape and Lucius Malfoy.
I won't spoil it...The actors were excellent. I was especially happy this time with Sir
Michael Gambon in his second appearance as Dumbledore. Daniel
Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint continue to grow and I will
enjoy seeing them in future chapters of the series.The rest of the cast (too many to comment) were spectacular from the
other youths to the powerful actors, such as the regulars Alan Rickman,
Robbie Coltrane and Maggie Smith. New actors Brendan Gleeson and of
course Ralph Fiennes have to be mentioned.Movie magic that delighted the senses has returned, and in no more
appropriate a film. From the sets to the costumes to the performance of
the cast... A almost perfect hit! I did miss the music of John Williams
but the replacement was still quite good. Still more than happy to say, "The lead that was Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban has once
more become bright gold."I look forward to seeing it again...
			
Just got back from seeing the movie and I absolutely loved it!! There's
a lot missing from the books, but they made it work perfectly. It was
funny, a little bit darker, and just visually stunning. I thought
Prisoner of Azkaban was going to be my favorite, but this one blew it
away. Daniel, Rupert, and Emma have really embraced their characters. They
capture all the angst and feelings from the book perfectly. The only
sad thing is they didn't show enough of my 2 favorite bad guys, Snape
and Draco. They did have some great scenes though that sort of made up
for it. I don't care about what some critics are saying about the movie losing
it's magic, you MUST see it, I don't think you'll be disappointed. In
fact, I'm seeing it again next weekend!!! I never thought in a million years that I would be addicted to "The Boy
That Lived", but I'm enchanted and I look forward to the next movie!!
			
"I love magic," says Harry at the Quidditch World Cup in the new film,
HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE, and this superbly-crafted,
thrilling and immensely satisfying film reminds us all how much we love
magic, too. Easily the best movie in the series to date, GOBLET gives
us a sweet and poignant coming-of-age story wrapped in a
roller-coaster, big-budget, no-holds-barred FX spectacular.With a fantastic and very human story by JK Rowling as the source
material, our attention is drawn naturally to the acting presenting
that story. Steve Kloves' adaptation of Rowling's funny and touching
dialog and plot are spot on, giving the young cast and veteran actors
alike some very tasty stuff to work with. Among the youngsters, the
standouts are of course Dan Radclifffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint as
Harry, Hermione and Ron respectively. They constitute the central core
of the story and the actors' performances in this film are nothing
short of remarkable. Special mention must be made of Rupert as he has
at last shown us the real Ron Weasley that has been struggling to get
out over the first three films. Emma is lovely, and yet shows enough
bossiness that we know it's really Hermione. Dan Radcliffe has a very
difficult role: reluctant hero, crush-ridden teen, friend and
go-between. Nowhere does he falter, and his scene upon returning to the
maze after Voldemort's rebirth is heart-wrenching.Supporting these fine young actors are some of the finest actors in the
UK, and the film finally gives some of them an opportunity to shine.
Especially affecting are Maggie Smith as McGonagall, and new-comers to
HP Brendan Gleeson as "Mad-Eye" Moody and Miranda Richardson in a
scene-stealing role as gossip-mongering yellow-journalist Rita Skeeter.
If Gleeson misses a nod for a best supporting actor Oscar, then there
is no justice or heart in Hollywood! Ralph Fiennes brings his special
brand of menace to the role of Lord Voldemort in a turn that will leave
nightmares in its wake.Among the rest of the large cast there are many nice moments, and
delightful (and terrifying) surprises. Oliver and James Phelps as
George and Fred Weasley are at last the merry mischief-makers we've
missed heretofore, Robert Pattison as Cedric Diggory is your perfect
Triwizard Champion, and Shirley Henderson brings a welcome return of a
surprisingly naughty ghost, Moaning Myrtle. A surprise here is Matthew
Lewis as Neville Longbottom, whose importance to the rest of the series
is critical, but sorely minimized in the earlier films. Matthew is both
vulnerable and winning, and his performance is outstanding.Behind the story of the maturing of Harry and his friends, and the
return of ultimate evil are the backdrops of the Quidditch World Cup
and the Triwizard Tournament. Both settings give the effects designers
an opportunity to shine, and they've never shown brighter! At the QWC
Harry makes his "I love magic" remark upon entering a magic campground
full of wizards, witches, and magical athletes. It seems so darn
REALhow could we not love magic like this? This is also the audiences'
first meeting with the Dark Lord's Deatheaters, which has an ominous
effect of setting the malevolent tone for things to come.The Triwizard Tournament consists of three magical tasks, each of which
is completely convincingly realized by the designers and FX crew. No
one could doubt the reality of the existence of dragons somewhere after
watching Harry battle his own, the Hungarian Horntail. In the final
credits it is noted "no dragons were harmed in the making of this
film", a final bow to the true movie magic created here. The underwater
task is also deftly executed, although everything appears a bit
surrealjust like really being underwater! Krum's untransfiguration
from shark to man, the mer-people, and the creepy octopus/rottweiler
grindylows are all particularly noteworthy. The third task is a massive
hedge-maze, in which "people change." As this is the set-up for the
final scene, I will discuss it further below.In the course of the tourney there is a "traditional Yule Ball"and
thus a perfect opportunity for the costumers as well as the designers
to show their hand. Everyone is beautiful hereboy and girl, giant and
midget, good and bad alike. Even poor Ron, stuck with ancient and very
out-of-fashion dress robes looks perfectperfectly dreadful that is, as
he should. This naturally becomes the ideal setting for the
coming-of-age conflicts which through the film serve as hilarious
reminders of what the kids are going through and serve to keep the
audience off-guard for the impending confrontation looming ahead.Since the maze in the third task serves to unnerve and even bewitch the
contestants, so too is the audienceare the hedges alive? Are they
evil? For evil surely awaits in the graveyard beyond and this scene in
particular is most like its literary counterpart. The rebirth of Lord
Voldemort and the subsequent events are terrifying and Harry's escape
back to Hogwarts remains the emotional crux of the story. Hermione says
to Harry and Ron at the end "it's all going to change now, isn't it?"
This is the movie that will change the series forever from
light-hearted, oh-wow magic, to the realization that there is evil
everywhere, and the best anyone can do is be prepared, and stand by
each other in the face of adversity.
			
Why hasn't the HP series won more awards? The cinematography is
phenomenal. Content is true if you watch the whole scene and not just
listen to the actors. The entire series is true to the writer. When
watching the movie you see more from the book than you hear, just look
around each scene. GOF was a difficult book to translate into a movie.
As we go further into Hogwarts years, the more challenging it becomes
to give everyone everything. If there's a any constructive criticism to
state it would be that there was a missing connection with Sirius.
Sirius' relationship with Harry was a strong GOOD and Hermione
referencing to reporting to Siruis just wasn't enough but I can
understand only referencing since that probably would have made the
movie another 45 minutes long...of course, that would have been fine
for me.From the moment the first scene shows the "snake" slithering through
the field up to the house, you reflect back to the book. To those who
have read the books, this one is another spoonful of the lives of
Harry, Ron, and Hermione, and my appetite is just beginning. Another
success for Rowlings and Kloves into the world of good and bad and the
magical connections created from paper to screen.I'm not one to read these kinds of books, but I can't wait for book 7.
Michael Goldenberg is the screenplay writer for HP Order of the
Phoenix. I hope his vision will maintain the integrity that Steven
Kloves has given for the first 4. We'll see in 2007. GREAT movie
series, all four movies are a must see for everyone.
			
I just came back from seeing GOF, and I am utterly speechless. This
movie was so good, I can barley think of descriptions for it. Here is
my review: First and foremost I believe they finally got the "feel" for the HP
universe. In POA, Alfonso did not seem to know what HP really was,
instead filling it with false darkness and underdeveloped pathos.
However, Newell has done a FANTASTIC job in re-creating the HP
universe. For the first time, I truly felt I was watching a movie about
a HP book, instead of watching a movie of the director's recreation of
HP. The Acting:Superbly done. Particulars are Brenden Gleeson as
Mad-Eye Moody, whose manic malcontents were they best part of this
movie. Also doing a perfect job was Ralph Finnes. This man NAILED
Voldemort. No other actor could have done any better. However, the trio
have gotten much better, but still aren't great(yet).-9/10 The Action:
Oh my god. Not only was this the most action packed HP movie yet, it
was the best action movie of the year. During the first task, the
action was so well done that I nearly fell of my chair in the movie
theater. In my mind, since the next 2 books are more emotional, this
will be the best action HP movie(except 7, which no one really knows
about yet.-10/10 The Pace: I was very, VERY, happy at the pace of the
plot of GOF. If you recall, in POA the film seemed to rush by without
even warning. However, somehow, even with more things to tell, Mike
Newell slows done the plot of a fast moving book so amazingly.-10/10
Smallest of Problems: No movie if perfect, so here are some picky probs
this movie had. The ending did seem not to end too well, with no
mentioning of the Ministry not believing Voldy is back or what happened
to Barty Crouch Jr. in the end. Once again, the acting of the trio is
not great, but still pretty damn good. Even with these small problems,
they never at any point take away from the overall movie experience.
With the great blending of the terrific comedy of the first half of the
movie to the sullen, gloomy and terribly sad parts of the end, Mike
Newell has created an almost perfect movie. The haters of this movie
are nit-picking perfectionists. For the first three movies, I always
thought they were "pretty good". No however, GOF has exploded into a
GREAT movie, almost perfect. It will be amazingly hard to top this one
when Order of the Phenoix, the next HP adventure, comes out. Overall
score: 10/10
			
Well, I saw it last night...going to the movie theater with very high
expectations and lets face it, the movie didn't let me down. :) I have
heard many complaints about it such as 'Come on, plot line! No one can
understand it...' or 'Where did they leave this or that??', but, think
people. If you had a book that size and hoped to squeeze all the
information into merely a 2:40 hrs. movie you're nuts! The film has a
lot of action, it keeps you at the edge of your seat, and I didn't hear
ONE complaint about 'moving too slowly' or 'mom I'm bored!' inside the
room.There are some things I thing should've been made better: -The
quidditch world cup: Why the heck did they make it so damn..short?!?!
The scene started out very exciting and fast-moving; amazing! Both
teams flying into the field...then, nothing!I mean, cut to the tent and
to the attacks? Not good. -The first task: Good idea about the chase
and all but the scene lasted a little too much :P.....Most of it wasn't
in the book! I loved the fact that it's not a kid's movie anymore!=D
So...Run to see the movie!!
			
This movie was mind blowing and showed every aspect of each character.
I love Ron Weasely and the showed him with more feelings and and just
had him in the camera. It was great to see all the characters change
and grow and i just can wait to see more. The books are just as great
as the movies, but only that you can really have a visual. There
attitudes were great and changed and i found out things i never knew
about a few of the characters. J.K. Rowling is a genius and very
inspiring. Who ever doesn't want to get into the Harry Potter wizard
world has no real imagination or dreams. You'd have to be crazy to not
love this or at least like Harry Potter. I loves the images, creatures,
the suspense and glory in all.
			
I have been an avid reader of Harry Potter for years and have been
fortunate enough to grow up with it, which is why I am such a huge fan.
So far I have loved all the books as well as all the movies and I can
confidently say that I loved this movie just as much. Harry Potter and
the Goblet of Fire movie may well have had parts taken out, but I think
this was done cleverly, and I'd much rather see this movie as it is
than two separate ones with a lot of dragging, unnecessary detail. I do
feel that several characters should have been put in though, such as
Ludo Bagman and Winky the house elf. Nevertheless, I still thought the
movie was absolutely fantastic. I thought the script was great - whilst
in some cases scenes tended to jump, it was still wonderful as I never
felt bored and was always grasped by the story - extremely important in
any movie. In addition, I thought the actors all did justice to their
roles; especially Daniel Radcliffe as Harry. All in all a majestic
piece of work - all the money invested was worthwhile and it will be
loved by millions around the world. Harry Potter overall is totally
amazing; all the books have been, as have the movies, and I am
extremely lucky as a fourteen - nearly fifteen - year old to have truly
grown up with a dose of magic.
			
I'm a huge fan of the Harry Potter books so whenever a movie comes out
based on one of the 6 novels there's definitely pressure on the
director to make the movies live up to the books. Harry Potter and the
Goblet of Fire definitely did that. This movie was amazing! It's over 2
and a half hours but trust me the time flies by! I loved how the new
director really captured the fact that the characters are growing up
and dealing with regular teenage problems like dating and friendship
almost exactly as it was written. I also loved the fact that even
though certain characters, like Ludo Bagman, had to be cut out, and
originals like Malfoy and Snape had no more then a cameo, the movie
flowed so perfectly that you didn't even notice they weren't there. The
movie is visually stunning and the scenes outside during the winter and
at the Quidditch World Cup and Triwisard tournament are gorgeous! The
stadium scene at the Quidditch World Cup was very cool to watch and I
was impressed. This movie is definitely the saddest and the scariest of the 4. The
scene where Lord voldemort rises to life in graveyard was really
creepy, and when Cedric diggory is killed and his body is brought back
to his crying and screaming father made me and most of the theater cry.
I think the actors were really good in this film and really funny. The
director, being English, added in a lot of British humour which helped
pep the mostly creepy and sad movie up. The scene where Harry is in the
bathtub and moaning mettle starts hitting on him was hilarious!So all in all this movie rocked! It was funny, sad, creepy and
entertaining all at the same time rounded off with a few cute teenager
scenes. The original cast was great as usual and the newest members
Mad-eye Moody, Rita Skeeter, Diggory, Krum and Fleur Delacour were all
great. So if you're a Potter fan this movie will not disappoint you. It
was the best so far and the next one will be hard to top! I definitely
recommend this movie to anyone and everyone!
			
Okak, I thought the movie was absolutely fantastic! Daniel Radcliff's
acting was a lot better then it has been in the past, and the tension
between Ron and Hermonie was great. The thing I didn't like was that
they cut Dobby, Ludo bagman, And Ron's older brother's from the movie.
I realize they had to shorten it for time purposes, but if they needed
to make it 3 hours, then it should have been 3 hours. It was by far the
best out of the four so far. I can't wait to see how they develop the
characters in the fifth movie.Even though I'd read the fourth book, I cried with Cedric died. He was
nice to Harry, even though he was the opposing Hogwarts champion. Not
to mention when Harry's parents were talking to him, through voldemorts
Wand. It's a must see!!
			
I thought the movie was excellent. Though i do wish they had added a
few parts, which might have made it easier for people who haven't read
the books understand it better. I loved the 3 tasks so much, I wish
they made them longer. Also I think the maze should have included the
Sphinx, or spider, but I still enjoyed it. The movie over all was
excellent, it was a long book, and would be very difficult to sum it
all up into a 2 1/2 hour long movie, and I do believe they did that
fairly well. Overall it is the best of the 4 by far. The acting was
definitely the best in this film. They really have come a long way, and
now i can't wait until the next film. The soundtrack is amazing too.
			
Which really can't come a surprise to anyone who has read the books,
given that they becomes darker and darker as well. And that this time
it does get a bit more serious ... but I won't give the ending to the 2
people who has not read them.This movie is one of those you have to see more than once, to
completely take in all of the many impressions you are given throughout
the film. It is quite clear, that they must have had a hard time
cutting the film down to 2 hours. if you ask me, sticking to the
original idea of making 2 films out of the book would not have been a
bad idea. But that does not mean the movie does not work. As a matter
of fact I dare say that is is the best Harry Potter film so far. But as
a warning to the 2 people I mentioned earlier, it is a good idea to
discuss the start of the book with someone who has read it, as I
imagine it could be rather difficult to understand everything with
scenes shifting so fast without much explanations of the characters
action. To everyone who has read the often mentioned book, should know
that they have changed the story in a few places, but nothing of much
significance.Proceeding to the new actors, I am happy to say an over-all "bravo".
Brian Gleeson as Alastor Mad-Eye Moody, Miranda Richardson as Rita
Skeeter, Pedja Bjelac as Igor Karkaroff and of course Ralph Fiennes as
Lord Voldemort all give outstanding performances. Yet again BRAVO! I
could speak of them for hours. But I am not going to. Because if I
don't try to limit myself this is going to be so long that no one will
want to read it ... ever. On the bad side, I must say that David
Tennant had a tendency to overplay his role. (what is that tongue
thing!??) and Roger Lloyd-Pack had too small a role to really give his
character the depth he had in the book, (though I am not sure whether
or not the actor could give it) and neither is there to time to get
under the skin of the other newcomers as f.ex. Fleur Delacour and
Viktor Krum.As a final point I must say that even though the movie is dark it has a
lot of comic relief (more than the 3rd movie) given to us sometimes by
the famous twins Fred and George Weasley. And notice the growth of the
role of Neville Longbottom(!!!). Now I must go. Watch the movie.
			
Harry, now 14 years old and entering his fourth year at Hogwarts School
of Witchcraft and Wizardry, is mysteriously drafted to participate in
the dangerous Tri-wizard Tournament. But the competition turns into
more than just a game when the evil Lord Voldemort, and his followers
decide to play along. Not knowing what lies ahead, Harry goes through a
dramatic and life changing experience when he comes face to face with
his enemy, The Dark Lord. I give an A+. What a brilliant film. They
really kicked it up 5 notches in this Harry Potter! A total
masterpiece! Daniel Radcliffe's acting is beyond measures, he gives a
powerful performance in his fourth year. This is by far the best movie
of all three, suspense, mystery, and of course Magic!! Go and watch
Today!!! awesome film!
			
This without a doubt the best movie so far in the series. although i do
feel that this movie was way to short for what is meant to be there, it
almost kind of worked in a way, i didn't have any wasted scenes like
PoA did like some bird flying around, it used every last minute it
could, this movie doesn't have as many plot holes as PoA but this movie
gave you almost all it could, and did leave a sort of unexplained
ending. The final scenes were amazing seeing voldemort as Ralph Fiennes
was so cool, i think he is a perfect Voldemort, i was worried that his
look would be hard to make, with what i thought he would look like, but
it was excellent, but i was little disappointed that he wasn't as scary
as i thought he was going to be, he was scary but i think it was a
little to playful, but maybe that was his idea to have it like that.
this movie is very tight but amazingly i worked 10/10. To bad though
the couldn't have a few more minutes to it
			
I went to see the movie yesterday and it was a madhouse- all sold out!
Luckily i got to see the movie. At first I was a bit disappointed at
the fact that the movie was moving so fast and leaving out so much, but
then the story really caught up. The graphics were really great but the
information that was left out in my opinion made Voldemort look less
evil. The movie is darker and scarier than the other movies and deals
with a lot more stuff teens have to go through. All in all, the movie
wasn't bad at all, I actually enjoyed it a lot except for the fact that
so much was sheared off. Even though i liked the movie a lot i just
hope the next movie is made into two movies instead of one because it
would make a whole lot more sense and do justice to the book.
			
i went to see the fourth film on the opening day at the 2.00 o clock
and was completely blown away from the movie it was brilliantly acted
and shows a new side to the story its filled with action thriller
packed and shows the world how good magic can be it does does deserved
a 12a certificate I'm 13 and bits in the film would make me jump but
apart from bits from the books being missed it was a brilliant film it
also shows a very sad side to the movie and there is also many funny
bits to the film Daniel Radcliffe brilliantly acted the part of harry
potter he has proved he deserved the part there is also a lot of new
characters and you see how harry and his friends have grown since the
1st movie looking like proper teens so i would recommend every 1 to see
the film to see how brilliant it actually is
			
This is the article I wrote for my university's newspaper after seeing
the film.Sex, scandal, ruthless battles, violence, blood rituals, torture,
dismemberment and murder. Yes, I am talking about the fourth
installment in the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire, based on the best-selling book series by J.K. Rowling. The film
opened November 18th with the series' first ever, and well deserved,
PG-13 rating. Harry has officially grown up.The role of Harry Potter is reprised by Daniel Radcliffe, with Rupert
Grint returning as Ron and Emma Watson as Hermione. The remainder of
the cast that has been in the previous three films remains the same,
with the exception of Michael Gambon reprising the role of Dumbledore,
which was originally held in the first two films by the late Richard
Harris. The main newcomers to the cast are Miranda Richardson as the
manipulative journalist Rita Skeeter, Robert Pattinson as the Hogwat's
Golden Boy Cedric Diggory and Ralph Fiennes as the infamous Voldemort.As it now seems to be customary, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is
helmed by a new director, Mike Newell, best known for the film Four
Weddings and a Funeral, and is the series' first British director.The plot of the forth film varies significantly from it's predecessors,
as this is not an ordinary school year. This year, Hogwart's hosts the
prestigious Triwizard Tournament, where a student from Hogwarts, as
well as two students from other wizarding schools, competes to be
champion and win "eternal glory." The tournament is not to be taken
lightly, as it involves three grand and fatally dangerous tasks and
spans the entire the school year. The Goblet of Fire chooses the
contenders from each school, and trouble begins when the three proper
contenders are chosen, and suddenly Harry is chosen by the Goblet to
compete as well, even though he never entered his name.For those of you that are fans of the books as well, you should know
that the book Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is far too long to
include everything. Many sections are either rushed through or
completely cut out of the film, but nothing of great importance to the
main plot. If they were to include everything, you would be watching a
film that's twice as long as The Lord of the Rings: Extended Edition,
so be thankful.This is by far the best Harry Potter film of the series and one of the
best films of the year. Every aspect of the Harry Potter world has
grown, from the spectacular CGI work that would rival George Lucas to
how much the three primary actors have grown in their ability to
actually act well.Goblet of Fire is quick in pace, never leaving a dull moment and always
drawing you in. Watching this film, I was so engrossed in the Harry
Potter world that I actually didn't tell off the yammering little twits
behind me, because they simply disappeared into the unimportant
background.A great deal has been made of how dark the film is, but in actuality,
the dark elements are mostly confined to one specific section. The bulk
of Goblet of Fire is filled with intensity, apprehension and of course
humour, which has also gotten considerably better in this film.As for that specific dark section I mentioned, it is very dark, very
intense and very emotional. Without spoiling anything, I'll just say
that while watching this section, I don't think I even blinked at the
risk of missing a fraction of a second. And I'm not one that is easily
swayed to tears at even the sappiest of films, but I almost did in this
instance, solely due to its power.My only criticism would have to be what I said was a good thing
earlier. The film seemed a little rushed and this is due to Newell's
determination to keep the Goblet of Fire at exactly two and a half
hours. But, we're all pretty much grown up now and I think we can
handle three hours. Hell, if Peter Jackson can do it, so can we.If you take anything away from this review, it should be this: You
don't have to be a fan to watch this film. You don't have to have read
the books. You don't even have to see the first three. Harry Potter and
the Goblet of Fire has universal appeal and I urge you to give it
chance.
			
Saw the movie a couple of hours ago... I really liked it, even though
much from the books were not there I can understand that it would
become a far to long movie to make if everything in the book were in
the movie. I would like to say a word about the trio though... Ron is definitely
best in this movie, I just love the irony in him. Harry has a great
deal of sarcasm in this one which i find very amusing. Hermione is...
well she... She's Hermione! And I absolutely love it! Emma Watson was
brilliant in this one... That's about everything I had in mind. I'm
gonna chill for a bit and just dream about the movie!
			
Having read the books and seeing the first three movies, I was very
curious to see how they were going to interpret this book to film. I
went to the midnight showing of this movie (of course) and I must say,
I loved it. There are always going to be people who pick apart the
movies for the bad points, and never actually look at the movie for the
good. These "bad points" should not detour anyone from seeing this
movie, as it is an exceptionally great movie. I was surprised with some
of the plot twists that were not in the book, but it all fit. Yes,
there were things from the book that weren't portrayed on film, but
that is to be expected. This movie covered the important plot points
from the book, it was exciting, it was funny, it was superb. I highly
recommend seeing this film, this is by far the best Harry Potter movie
to date.
			
i thought the ending really sucked! i loved the movie itself but i
found the ending was extremely crappy! they also skipped a lot of stuff
and made tons of gaps within the story! if you hadn't read the book it
was hard to keep track of stuff.for the ending i would give it a 6/10 because it didn't really end the
movie. i think the new director should be ashamed and fired! i honestly
would like the old director (director of number 1 and 2) back because i
think he dd a good job. the movie is a must see however and i would
recommend seeing it.what do you guys think?
			
I just seen this movie yesterday, November 18. My mother and I were
extremely excited, being the fans we are. As soon as we walked in, we
saw that there were so many little kids there! Now, on my opinion, it's
ridiculous that parents actually let little kids go in there. They
never shut up, they don't sit still, and they barely have any clue what
they're watching! PG-13 means watch out for Children Under 13, NOT 3.
The movie? Incredible. It is no doubt the best Harry Potter movie yet.I mean, the emotion, suspense, romance, humor, you name it! It is all
in there. They just get right to the chase as the film goes on, and
that's very good indeed. I got so caught up in it I barely blinked.
With the humor, I actually laughed a whole lot and it is very rare for
me to do that in a movie theater! Normally I would just smile or grin
and not giggle aloud. Believe me, if you are a Harry Potter fan, you must see this movie as
soon as you can. I think it's very much worth going to see. The
director? I worship him. He was just fantastic as he played the story
and everything was just fabulous and I can't wait to go back and see it
again. It deserves more than 10 stars. Try about 10,000,000.
			
Even if you haven't read any of the books or even seen any of the
movies I would watch it just for the effects. I went to a 10:00 showing
last night and it was fantastic. The special effects are exceptional
and the Tri-Wizard Tournament is cool. It is a very dark movie however,
but if you like fantasy with a little joke now and then I would go see
it. When Lord Voldemort appears he is pretty ghastly but I don't think
the movie portrayed him as bad as what the book did. I expected him to
be a little more evil. Hermoine is very beautiful especially at the
ball. The dancing ladies that come from Beaxbatons are a marvel and
their beauty is exceptional. I thought that they could have done a
better job with the World Qudditch match as well. All in all this Harry
Potter movie is superb and will be a delight for your senses.
			
If you're a fan of the books you won't be as disappointed as many were
by film 3. One aspect that annoyed me was the cutting of SPEW, however
I can understand why it had to be done. I also felt that the acting of
the 3 has improved miles- harry's crying scene in 4 beats the 1 in 3
hands down. As a Brit, i feel that the film benefited from having an
English director. More than any of the others in the harry potter
franchise, the school atmosphere was taken into account-especially in
the Fred and George fight-"fight!fight!fight!" scene. I'm still
undecided on how i feel about voltmeter. I think Ralph Fiennes did an
excellent job, but I wish they had included more interaction between
harry and voltmeter.
			
Hi. Just forget anything you've read that say bad about the film. Its
great. There's something for everyone. Even the people i went with are
not harry potter fans but they all enjoyed it. The tri wizard
tournament tasks are really well put together and action packed. Its
incredibly entertaining. The movie is also the funniest and balances
the very dark from the hilarious. However it can seem a bit drawn out
at times but the amazing feel of the film makes you not even notice it.
The Voldemort scene at the end is one of the greatest cinema scenes i
have ever seen . It will blow you away. Emma Watson Rupert Grint and
Dan Radcliffe all have grown exceptionnaly well in their acting skill.
ALso Fred George Neville and Ginny finally have some decent screen
time. The new additions to the cast are also great. Madame Maxime Fleur
Krum and Cedric are great. However Crouch seemed out of character. I
was also disappointed with the lack of playtime at the Quidditch match.
The dragon task was probably the best but the lake is close behind it.
I wish there were some monsters in the maze but there wasn't. Its an
amazing movie that Will make you laugh cry gasp scream and cheer. Th
best one yet.
			
I have been looking forward with the new chapter of the series with
much anticipation, and though Mike Newell is one of my favorite British
directors, I was rather anxious. My opinion now is that he should take
the series all the way to the end because he has done a formidable job
conjuring all the types of magic to make this great film.There is much to praise in this film: From the lead teenagers to the
entire sporting cast, all of whom are at the turning point of the Harry
Potter storyline. Now, their lives will never be the same, as they grow
up and most confront the fears within themselves, and the most
terrifying villain in the movies in the last decade. Ralph Fiennes
brings to life a rather repulsive and malevolent creation that instills
fear in both its prey and the audience. He fascinates as he destroys.
From its original mention in Book I, we have been waiting to see who is
the mastermind behind the attacks to Harry, and now we're face to face
with a character few people would like to have an argument with. The
fifteen minutes or so Harry and Voldemort share the screen are
disturbing and wonderful, full of emotions that give depth to the
stories but were neglected in the first two films, and barely stirred
in "Azkaban". Things are indeed changing, and there is no turning back. There is some
humor in the film, and the characterizations are much better than
before. Our heroes have grown, the vistas have grown richer, the music
more sublime, and just like everything else both the forces of good and
evil are stronger and getting ready for the final battle. There is
still much energy and story left, and if the directors keep the pace,
we will not be disappointed.There is so much to like in the film:- The World Cup of Quidditch (fantastic) - Hermoine's and Ron's
exchanges - The Cemetery Scene - The Tournament's Three Challenges...As I mentioned before, I could talk about it for a while, and I
couldn't do it justice. Thank you J.K. Rowling for your amazing
creations, and we're much indebted to you, Mr. Newell for finally
capturing the spirit of Potter and sharing with us. It's indeed a
treat!
			
I went into Goblet of Fire not sure what to expect, as I was a little
disappointed by the third movie. However, I was blown away. If you have
read J.K. Rowling's books, you already know that the story is amazing.
This movie really did the book justice. Although certain story lines
were eliminated or condensed for time reasons, the most important
issues where still touched on and the main themes from the book were
very present. The entire cast has matured as actors, just as the
characters and storyline is maturing. On top of all of that, the movie
was visually stunning. They really created a fantasy world that you
want to be part of in this movie. Go see it! You will not be
disappointed. It is the best of the Potter movies yet. Excellent!
Excellent! Excellent!
			
WOW. This movie was excellent. Now I can truly say that I'm a Harry
Potter fan now. Goblet of Fire took everything that made Prisoner of
Azkaban so great and made it much better. The acting was decent with
Daniel getting much better in the title role. Emma is beautiful as
usual and Rupert is still the humorous Ron. Alan Rickman rocks as
professor Snape.Howver, they guy who played Dumbledore sucks. That guy doesn't know how
to make his character come to life. I hope they teach him or get
someone else because Dumbledore is going to be a major character and I
don't want this guy to lower my enjoyment of the films. But Harry
potter movies are getting much better and I'm glad to say I'm really
looking forward to the next one. I hope they keep making them better
and better.
			
The first two Harry Potters sucked. They felt like stage plays from a
school. Prisonerof Azkaban was a big step in the right direction and
made me think this series can actually be grand. I went in to see
Goblet of Fire and I loved it. It's probably the best of all the films
and the most realistic. The acting by the three actors is decent and
getting much better as they get older and the script is decent, though
leaving a lot of stuff out of the books. The special effects also are
amazing to look at and the best of the films.Though, the movie does drag alittle and I really don't like the guy
playing Dumbledore for some reason. He's not as good as Richard Harris.
I hope he gets better or they recast him because he basically sucks.Goblet of Fire is still an excellent film. Go see it and be ready to
witness the real Harry potter film.
			
There are too many naysayers in this world. I thought Goblet of Fire
was by far the best Harry Potter movie to date. Yes, a lot was left
out... to the people who complain about that I say, "You have at least
SEEN the book, right?" Goblet of Fire is a long book. Yes, it's a great
book (they all are), but of course a lot of stuff is going to be left
out. Who wants to see a five hour movie, regardless of what the movie
is? Nobody, that's right. The point is, it's a MOVIE that's 2 &1/2
hours long. The book has 734 pages. If you're upset that things were
left out, then don't go see movies that are based upon books ever
again! Okay, now that my rant is over... like I was saying, Goblet of
Fire is by far the best one to date. The Triwizards Championship was
amazing, it was absolutely heart-wrenching to see Hermione with Viktor
(her and Ron just need to get together already!), and the scene with
Harry and Voldemort... let's just say that because I knew what was
going to happen, I started crying the second the four of them went into
the maze, and I didn't stop until the credits. Cedric was such a good
character (not to mention hot), they really should have put more of
Cedric in there... I was disappointed they didn't show the Quidditch
World Cup... I was sure that was going to be amazing. Despite the
things that were left out, I was in awe the entire time. I can't wait
for Order of the Phoenix...
			
Having watched the new installment of Harry Potter, HP and The Goblet
of Fire, I am extremely impressed by the quality of the film. JK
Rowling's novel is already a phenomenal masterpiece and the movie
proves itself to be a masterpiece of its genre.The past 3 movies were
wonderfully done and the new one just adds up to the list. Mike
Newell's new approach on the novel's adaptation works really well
especially the humor part which gives a relief from the drama and
suspense of the film. Although several of the scenes from the book
weren't included ; which is totally understandable, the viewers were
left with over two hours long of pure entertainment.The production team have done an awesome job particularly the special
effects team. Everything seems very realistic which plays an important
factor throughout the film.The acting is another factor making the film one of its kind. The lead
actors including Daniel, Emma, and Rupert have done a glorious job
portraying the characters of Harry, Hermione, and Ron. They continue to
become experts in their profession as the movie progresses and all off
them shows their love of acting. The emotions are question less. From
the start till the end of the film, they're in full character giving
the viewers more that what they have expected. With all the new and
returning actors, they've also done an amazing job. Being an avid fan
of HP, I never found watching the movies to be boring. The actors have
done a spectacular job personalizing the characters their portraying
making them interesting and fun to watch.Overall, Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire is a highly recommended
film for all ages. It is a compilation of great works, great casts, and
great production team.- Gerald Fantone
			
This, to me, was by far the BEST Harry Potter movie yet. Although many
ideas were indeed depleted from the direct sequencing of the book for
times sake, Mike Newell did an outstanding job. All situations and
circumstances in the movie were exactly as I had envisioned them while
reading the book. He did an awesome job of turning the action-packed
scenarios of the pages into jaw-dropping realities on the silver
screen. This movie lost that sort of childish fakeness that each of the
other movies had radiated with. Mr. Newell did an award winning job of
actually aging the characters without making it too "grown up."
Children everywhere are still more than OK to view this powerful Potter
film. The amount of contagious emotion instilled into this film is
absolutely breath-taking. I found myself crying when actors cried. I
was angered when actors were. This is definitely a movie that I will go
again and again to see. Job well done!!
			
I had extremely high expectations for this movie and I was not
disappointed. After what seemed like an eternity, it was finally here.
The performances by Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint were
excellent! This is by far the most wicked Harry Potter movie. The
director added little tidbits to make the conversations more modern
which were much easier to relate to and picture in a usual teen's life.
I hope the actors do all the movies, I simply can't rave about it
enough. One difference I noticed was that I preferred Cedric's
character in the movie much more than in the book. This is not my
favourite HP book but definitely my favourite movie. Just fantastic!
Books made into movies are usually very disappointing for me but Mike
Newell did it right this time! A movie finally does its book justice!
Congratulations and looking forward to seeing the series evolve and
continue in its greatness!
			
it was Well worth the wait .. i was so anxious to see it the night
before it started and i was there at the First showing at my local
theater and too the theater was pretty full and when the movie was over
there was a line up waiting to get into the next showing and i am going
to go back and see it again .. it was that good ... it had some scary
parts .. but i enjoyed it all in all .. very good movie indeed !!!! and
i wasn't disappointed at all it was totally , totally worth the wait ..
but i missed seeing "molly weasley" she did such a good job with that
character and I'm sorry that she wasn't in it .. and also with Ralph
Finnes , he wasn't in it for very long either ... mind you he was a
very good choice for "Lord Voldemort" .. i TOTALLY recommend it to all
Harry Potter fans and even non- Harry Potter fans ...
			
This movie lived up to everyone of my expectations, and trust me; I had
many. Though the acting isn't great, I must say that the young cast has
greatly improved, especially Rupert Grint as the hilarious Ron Weasley
(he plays him perfectly!). The movie is set in Harry's fourth year at
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, amidst the Triwizard
Tournament that the school is hosting. The visual effects are
absolutely stunning, and the final image of Lord Voldemort matches the
description in the novel perfectly. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
is - by far - the BEST Harry Potter movie so far! It's much more than a
series of action scenes put together: there's heart and a journey
towards personal discovery that Harry must follow. Stunning! I walked
out of the there with one thought in my mind; "Bloody Brilliant!"
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Visually stunning! Breathtaking
cinematography! Awesome special effects! Great costumes, particularly
Lord Voldemort. Definitely the darkest so far and the beginning of a
less childlike Harry Potter.The acting has vastly improved in the trio. ..they've come a long way
since Sorcerer's Stone. This film has it's light hearted moments but is
mostly an action packed extravaganza with dazzling special effects. The
dragon was one of the best pieces of CG I've ever seen. It will also
tug on your emotions and memories, the pains and awkwardness of
adolescence especially ring true and I'm sure everyone had moments like
the ones the Goblet captures.The movie cuts to the heart of the book and takes out a lot of the
subplot, most notably absent are the Dursley's but I think everything
seemed to work itself out and stay true to the spirit of the book. It
definitely covered the most important events.Overall, a brilliant adaptation to a brilliant book.9 out of 10 Don't miss this movie! And if you've seen it....see it
again. I intend too.
			
This Harry Potter Movie is probably the best one yet for action,
intrigue, and Special Effects. Having listened to the Audio Books, read
by Jim Dale (I think ), the film varies quite a bit from the book. If a
person read the book before seeing the Movie, you keep wondering when "
such and such " will happen. There is so much rich content to the book,
the movie would have to be much longer than it is. My two eldest
daughters, 41 and 42, and my wife and I have seen all the movies at
least once, and highly recommend any and all to be viewed. Some of the
content in the G. of F. is probably a tad too intense for the younger
set, but anyone who likes Magic, Wizardry, and just a very good movie
must see this one. I can't wait for the next book to come out. It will
be interesting to see how the actors age. No complaints on this one,
it's a keeper....
			
As an avid fan of the Harry Potter books, I feel like its my duty to
see the movies, even if I don't like them, such as the third one. So,
needless to say, I wasn't expecting a lot for this one. But am I ever
glad I went. This is by far the best Harry Potter movie. In the third
one, it seems they cut out a lot of the important things, and left in
the not so important things. But with the fourth one, they kept in most
of the important things, and left out the things that would weigh down
the movie.New additions, which include Brenden Gleeson as the new Defence Against
the Dark Arts teacher Mad Eye Moody and new comers Robert Pattinson as
Cedric Diggory, Katie Leung as Cho Chang, Stanislav Ianevski as Viktor
Krum and of course Ralph Fiennes as the much talked about Lord
Voldemort among others, are wonderful and play up the returning
characters, including Emma Watson as Hermione Granger, Rupert Grint as
Ron Weasley and of course Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter.The best actor from the three young stars is probably Grint, who, with
his facial expression and knack for comic timing, seems he can go far
after Harry Potter is over. But the breakthrough is Radcliffe. It seems
he's finally been given proper material to work with, and seems to
delve deep and finally becomes the hero that was hidden under fear for
so long.I recommend this film to anyone, fan or not, because it will please you
if you never picked up a Harry Potter book, and satisfy you, if you are
a die hard "Potthead".
			
Thsi was by far my favorite HArry Potter movie!! But they took out my
favorite line! "Twitchy little ferret are'nt you Malfoy" Gosh thats the
best! But it was really awesome. My friend thought they didn't go by
the book and that the 3rd movie was better but at least this one didn't
add unnecessary not true scenes. I was so excited and it was so
worthwhile and definitely worth the wait! I would definitely advise you
too see it AS FAST AS POSSIBLE because you can't risk missing this. My
theater that I saw it in was almost full (about 3 seats empty). Well
done!!!!!!!!! Ahhh, this stupid thing won't let me post unless I have
10 lines, OK I'm done now.
			
NOW, this is definitely the best Harry Potter movie so far! But, Tom
Fleton (Draco MAlfoy) isn't going to be in anymore more of the movies
because he is going to college. All of them have grown up and looked
absolutely amazing. The movie followed all of the book, except for a
few minor details, but unless like me, you are obsessed with HP, you
won't notice. The movie is about 2 1/2 hours long. It got a PG-13
rating for sexual innuendos. There aren't really any, except at the end
when Crouch Jr. says to Snape, "I'll show you mine, if you show me
your." But, he was talking about the Voldemort tattoo. The best scene
by far is when Voldemort got remade by Peter Pettigrew. Voldemorts face
looked exactly how I pictured it in the book. But, Voldemort's acting
is not the best. Another great scene(s) is when they are in the maze.
Almost everything was in there. The special effects in this movie are
absolutely amazing!
			
I saw Goblet of Fire at midnight last night/this morning dressed in
full slytherin garb, and between all of my firends there at the
theater, we waited a collective 9 hours, from 3 in the afternoon until
the movie showed. and believe me, it was worth the wait! if i'd known
even 1/8 of what was to occur during the movie, i would have waited
more. Goblet of Fire has been the BEST adaptation of the Harry Potter
series so far. Ralph Fiennes played a perfect Voldemort (and who better
to cast than the Nazi, Amon Goeth, from Schindler's List?). all the new
actors portrayed their characters wonderfully, and all the old faces,
as well. it seemed in this film that many of the characters were given
far more personality than in the past three, and the three main actors,
dan radcliffe, rupert grint, and emma watson, have truly come into
their own in this film. this time i cannot say "oh, they could have
played that scene SO much better," because this time around they really
nailed it. then there is the actual portrayal of the story itself. this new crew
did an incredible job. yes, a lot of things were left out. yes, a lot
of things were changed. yes, a lot of things were added. but how much
does that really matter? last night, whilst watching the movie, i was
on the edge of my seat. for the ENTIRE last 1/2 an hour of the movie i
and my best friend beside me were gasping and clinging to each other,
entirely wrapped up and in tears over the movie.i am a huge advocate for the books, and have read them many, many times
through, and i can say that when it comes down to it, although much of
the events in the book were removed, the basic point of the story, the
most important emotions and events, were present, and they were REALLY
present. Goblet of Fire the movie got across in 2 1/2 what Goblet of
Fire the book took 734 pages to describe.this is a DEFINITE MUST SEE. my friends and i have already made plans
to see it together at least 2 more times (at least once on Imax because
it really is a wonderful Imax movie), and you should plan to see it at
least once.
			
First, I'd like to say how excellent this movie was; by far my favorite
out of the series so far.But who thinks Dan is going to catch the Mark Hammel Syndrome? I mean,
now he'll be forever branded as harry potter, and just as what happened
when Macaulay caulkin tried to make other movies (party monsters!), no
one could take him seriously, he was just the kid from home alone. I
think after this series, a couple of the supporting actors (emma
probably) will go on to be super famous, while Dan will be left in the
dust of theatre and b-movies.It's not that he doesn't have the talent, he just got stuck in a super
famous role that everyone will forever remember him as.Now all of his future directors will tell him "Dark times lie ahead
Daniel, you're acting career is kaputz"
			
By far the best Harry Potter out of the three released so far. A bit
darker than the others, and in my opinion scarier, especially the
depiction of Voldemort, but also more entertaining. The only part that
disappointed me was the fact that they didn't show the Quidditch World
Cup match. The quidditch matches are my favorite scenes in the other
movies, so I was greatly anticipating this one, but it sort of just
cuts off before the match begins. But I guess since they already spent
about $140,000,000, supposedly, I can't really blame them. Overall the
movie was fantastic though. The music was wonderful written and fit the
different varieties of moods perfectly, and the graphics of the
fictional beasts were phenomenal, especially the Hungarian Horn-Tailed.
I also particularly LOVED the added humor in this one, especially with
the Weasley twins. Most of the movie was very intense and left me
sitting on the edge of my seat, shaking from the anticipation, even
though I've already read the book twice. I laughed at Ron's twisting
emotions towards Hermoinine and I cried at the horror of the death
towards the end. This movie touches on every emotion and is sure to
leave you pleased by the time you leave. HIGHLY recommend it.
			
I love the book Goblet of Fire. Maybe I came into the movie expecting
more than I should have. It is always hard to do a good book justice on
the big screen (exception: Lord of the Rings).At the start of the movie, the plot just took off. By the time I had
settled in with my popcorn and large cola, I was already meeting the
students from the other schools.I felt that the acting was a little weak and fake at the first of the
movie, but it definitely got better near the end. Also, I felt this
movie contained some huge holes and did a weak job of explaining
certain events that were explained well in the book.Oh yeah, and what about Dobby and the other house elves. If I am not
mistaken, I think there was an entire chapter devoted to them in the
book. And what about Hermoine's conquest to liberate the house elves
(S.P.E.W.).Another thing that I didn't like is that you hardly felt that the
students were at school. I believe there was only one maybe two scenes
involving a classroom. It was almost portrayed that they were only part
of a tournament the whole fourth year. Don't get me wrong, that was
essential to the book but they could have showed a little more
schooling.Now for the good news. The ending to this movie is fantastic. Let me
just say that Ralph Fiennes did a spectacular job embracing the role of
Lord Voldemort (woops, I mean He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named). From the point
of when they entered the maze to the final scene, I was pleased. I just
hope that is a sign of what is to come in the 5th movie.Overall it is a hit and miss movie. Still, you must see it. You won't
be completely disappointed, but if you are not familiar with the books
you may be left in the dark. It is worth your money. I just wish some
of the parts were a little slower with more detail. Again, they did an
awesome job with the ending.That is all.
			
I just got back (literally just walked in the door) from the midnight
showing of this movie and all I have to say is "Wow!" This movie
exceeded all of my expectations. After the third movie left out so many
vital plot points and confused the timeline, I was concerned that the
movie version of a book twice the size of the 3rd would leave out and
confuse even more important information. Needless to say, I left the
theater after the third one slightly disappointed and believed that I
would have the same reaction to this film. Not so.This film, on the whole, stayed very true to the book. Small things
were left out or changed but it did not have a tremendous effect on the
plot. I did feel that some parts were rushed, but given that Kloves was
given a 2.5 hour time limit, I understand the reasoning behind the
parts he rushed and feel that he made good calls with what to leave in
and what to throw out. All of the main characters, especially Daniel
Radcliffe, have improved their acting tremendously in this film. The
parts were cast so well. All emotions (by all characters)were expressed
so well both in dialogue and facial expressions. I believed every
character. Such was never the case in previous Potter films. There was,
in my opinion, a perfect balance of comedy, drama, suspense, and
action. Very, very few "cheesy" moments that I wish had been done
differently, and no aspect of the film was overdone. I personally loved
the sly comments by "Mad-Eye" Moody which the view does not understand
the significance of until after the film is complete (unless, of
course, they have previously read the books).This is, in my opinion, by far the best Harry Potter film released to
date. I will definitely see it again.
			
It did not really go completely along with the book, but with the
2hours and 30 minutes that they had to work with, it was excellent.The movie takes you into a whole new realm of what is going on in the
world of magic.Lord Voldermort is ugly.I suggest that everyone go see the movie NOW!I just saw the midnight showing of it, and instantly fell in love, I
was disappointed that they did not show the dursleys at all. Instead
the went from the riddle house to the burrow. They also did not, in my
opinion do a very good job casting some of the characters. Mad-eye
Moody was not at all what I had expected. Nor were the Patil twins,
though everyone else did a very good job. 10 For Harry Potter and The
Goblet of Fire!
			
HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE is the fourth installment in the
HARRY POTTER film series and it is directed by Mike Newell.This film follows Harry Potter's fourth year at Hogwarts as he is
chosen by the Goblet of Fire to complete in the Tri-Wizard Tournament
and yes, it is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
and the next film followed by this is Harry Potter and the Order of the
Phoenix.The screenplay is written by Steve Kloves and this film stays true to
the book and it is also very scary as heck as certain things they
takened from the book and it looks like very amazing stuff.The acting is amazing. Ralph Fiennes plays Lord Voldemort and he is
good in the screen time that he has and it is really amazing. Miranda
Richardson is in this movie and she does good as the journalist for THE
DAILY PROPHET.Robert Pattinson, from TWILIGHT fame, was in this movie and the fifth
Harry Potter film as Cedric Diggory and he is amazing in the part. The
returning and new cast members are amazing and they are fantastic. It
is good to see the returning three actors who play Ron, Hermione in
this film.Daniel Radcliffe is amazing in this film and fantastic. The music is by
Patrick Doyle and this movie is a great film overall. 10/10.
			
PG(Adult Themes, Some Violence, Supernatural Themes|157MINS|Adventure,
Family,Fantasy Users need to know that Harry Potter And The Goblet Of
Fire has two deaths(a very upsetting death), frightening creatures,
some romance, and edge-of-your-seat thrills. This installment increases
the darkness of the series. The film features dragon battles, tortured
insects, a frightening maze scene, and a frightening black lake. Young
children who don't understand the difference between fantasy and
reality should be warned. So should children going through a rough time
about unnamed terrors or unwanted separations, as one of the death
scenes is very upsetting. The violence is occasionally detailed, and
the action can be over-the-top, all increasing the frightening
sequences. Themes | 6/10 | (Moderate) Adult/Dark/Supernatural Themes (immortality,
resurrection, fantasy creatures, wizarding elements, death, romance)Violence | 7/10 | (Strong) There is two deaths, including one
disturbing death of a teenager. No blood and gore is shown, though
lifeless bodies are shown. Children are in peril, often by fantasy
creatures: frightening dragons spit fire, chase teenagers, and injure
Triwizard competitors; merpeople are equipped with sharp spears while
children are held captive in the black lake. A (small) spider is
tortured and killed in a class demonstration. A hand is severed
off-screen) and sacrificed, and Harry is tortured by a curse, screaming
in pain. Wormtale cuts Harry with a knife, the wound is not shown, but
there is visible blood on the knife.Language | 4/10 | (Mild) Six uses of the word 'bloody', roughly eight
uses of 'hell'. In one scene, Ronald repeats the phrase 'bloody hell'
several times. One use of the word 'damn', one use of the word 'git'.
One use of the phrase 'p off', one use of God's name in vain.Drug Use | 1/10 | (Very Mild) MadEye Moody drinks from a flask
occasionally, though it appears that it is alcoholic, the audience
later learns that it is Polyjuice Potion (a wizarding potion that
transforms you into someone else) Nudity | 1/10 | (Very Mild) Harry takes a bath, and we see him bare
from the waste up.Sex Scenes/References | 3/10 | (Mild) There is a mild romance between
Hermione and Victor, and Harry and Cho. Moaning Myrtle (a ghost) talks
to Harry while he is in the bath. Nothing but a conversation occurs.19/60 = 31.67% (12+) High PG/Moderate M
			
HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE is the fourth installment in the
HARRY POTTER film series and it is directed by Mike Newell.This film follows Harry Potter's fourth year at Hogwarts as he is
chosen by the Goblet of Fire to complete in the Tri-Wizard Tournament
and yes, it is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
and the next film followed by this is Harry Potter and the Order of the
Phoenix.The screenplay is written by Steve Kloves and this film stays true to
the book and it is also very scary as heck as certain things they
takened from the book and it looks like very amazing stuff.The acting is amazing. Ralph Fiennes plays Lord Voldemort and he is
good in the screen time that he has and it is really amazing. Miranda
Richardson is in this movie and she does good as the journalist for THE
DAILY PROPHET.Robert Pattinson, from TWILIGHT fame, was in this movie and the fifth
Harry Potter film as Cedric Diggory and he is amazing in the part. The
returning and new cast members are amazing and they are fantastic. It
is good to see the returning three actors who play Ron, Hermione in
this film.Daniel Radcliffe is amazing in this film and fantastic. The music is by
Patrick Doyle and this movie is a great film overall. 10/10.
			
I love this Harry Potter movie, it's my favorite. I liked it less when
I realized that an actor from this movie went on to be Edward from
Twilight, that just makes me super sad and depressed. In this movie, it's Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts and this ones a
very special year. The Triwizard tournament is ready to begin. Students
from Hogwarts, and two other wizard schools, throw their names in a
chalice and three get chosen to battle in this contest. But the ones
who don't win, tend to die during the game. Students over the age of
seventeen are the only people allowed to put their names it, a spell
keeps younger students from putting their names in. But when the names
are drawn out, Harry's appears and now he must join the game as the
fourth member. The games are harsh and take its toll on every
contestant. But at the end, a twist comes at the end of the movie that
will surprise everyone.Overall, I give this movie a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is:
Freaking Ridonkulous.
			
After the horrible part-3 of the series, which was highly embarrassing,
made no sense and pure garbage when compared to Part-1 and Part-2, the
fourth film makes a sincere attempt to put the franchise back on its
feet. While this film certainly views as too abridged when compared to
the actual events that happened in the book, the overall effort was
quite decent. The acting has certainly become worse in some areas here
and there. Ralphe Fiennes does'nt really seem to be sincere as he looks
unthreatening and pathetic when playing Voldemort. Not scary at all.
Even so, the overall effect of this movie was very good. Although it
must be said that Part-4 itself is nothing compared to Part 1 and 2.
			
The fourth story stands up just as strong as the first one. Harry is
put up to a challenge for which he is outmatched. Nonetheless, with the
help of his friends, he manages to overcome evil's attempt to destroy
him and all he knows as good.Ms. Rowling has a gift to keep the story moving, just as the producers
and director have a gift for keeping the movie on the same high
standard as the original. If they keep this up much longer it will go
down in history breaking all records at the box office.The unfortunate thing about this series, and perhaps especially this
one installment, is that they are trying to sell you the idea that
"magic works." How unfortunate. All I can say is that I hope God opens
your eyes so that you too may have the hope of faith in Christ.Excellent entertaining movie just like the first.-Zafoid PS: I saw this on cable and then got to see "Movies that Pop"
which shows explanations and "backstage" information about the exciting
scenes. That was very entertaining and a nice finish to this movie.-Z
			
Hoorah! The best of the lot. For all you Harry Potter fans out there,
readers of the series and non-readers alike, this is the absolute best
Harry Potter movie. This new film comes to me as renewed faith in the
Harry Potter series after what I considered a horrible turn by Alfonso
Cuaron in Prisoner of Askaban. I know fans were divided on "POA" and I
was definitely in the "hated it" camp with the reason being how many
important elements were left out, and not just nitpicking little items
but key ingredients. Enough reviewers here have told you about the plot and my, my how the
kids have grown but what I would like to add is that this latest Harry
Potter film really captures the humor of the books. JK Rowling's humor
is one of the key ingredients to the success of Harry Potter and it's
nice to see it fully demonstrated here. This is a truly wonderful film. Can't bless it enough!
			
There is a saying that the books are always better than the films based
on these books. I beg to differ. Only a few years ago, around the
release of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone", I got caught in the
magic created by an amazing woman, J.K.Rowling. I wanted to read the
book first before seeing the story on screen. After that, I knew I
would be addicted for the rest of my life, though never experienced
anything like that before. I suppose Lord of the Ring fans know what
I'm talking about. I've read all the books, several times, seen all the
films, several times, and just can't get enough of this wizard and his
friends. Is there a difference between the books and the films? Of
course, since these are two totally different media. It's almost
impossible to film the whole book and therefore necessary to leave
certain details out. The authenticity is however, thanks to the author
herself, because of this, remarkable. If the first three were jewels,
this one is a diamond. And diamonds are this girl's best friend. The
film is a roller-coaster ride filled with excitement, humor (thank you
Weasleys), tension, amazing acting performances, friendship, terror and
even romance. If I had to describe the film in one word, it would be
impossible. Although "magical" kind of sums it up.
			
oh my god!!!I thought this is seriously the best one so far, i love the rest but
Mike Newell brought something the other directors didn't, i cried, i
laughed, i really felt Harrys pain and emotion.Excellent and judging by the round of applause when it finished in the
cinema , everyone else agreed with me!i cant wait to see it again for the seer laughs and tears it gave, bit
annoyed that chunks were missed out, but as a book fan this was
understandable otherwise the film was going to be split in two, and
it'd much rather it not be like the Lord of the Rings saga by splitting
the book up.
			
This movie was brilliantly done and displays an extreme amount of
realize and characters that anyone should be able to relate to in some
way. Wonderful special effects and the dragon especially is really
wonderful on the big screen.The acting (especially of the trio) progresses even more, and by now is
just...amazing. They bring out their characters, rather than, as it
used to be, as a boy playing the part of Harry Potter, but as Harry
Potter himself, a window into his 14 year old life (personally, I think
he's lucky to be alive at 14.) See this movie on the big screen if you can, it'll be better there than
anywhere else.Double thumbs up.
			
Y'know how from the beginning of a film you KNOW its going to be great?
This movie wasn't just great it was epic in the HP series.The World Qudditich Cup went beyond anything I could of imagined when I
read the Goblet of Fire for the 1st time. Fred & George (played by the
wonderfully hilarious James & Oliver Phelps)often stole the limelight
but they were in their element and deserved the additional screen time
they were granted. Sprouting beards after they tried to slip their
names into the goblet and tackling each other afterward. Orchestrating
Bets on the Quidditch cup & the Triwizard tournament. Did anyone else
noticed how hot they got or Arthur Weasely :-) But just exactly WHERE
was Charlie Weasely? He's only mentioned not introduced.All the Triwizard Tournament tasks are well done, realistic and in my
personal opinion don't look computer generated. I loved them all in
this order: Voldemort's Resurrection, the underwater rescue & the
dragons.The trio were fantastic. I especially liked that they included the
scenes where Ron & Hermione have their heated argument (same dialogs as
the book)after the Yule Ball. Its about time they brought out the
sexual tension between the two. Hermione knows how she feels and Ron's
too scared and in denial to admit it.Now is it just me but doesn't seem like Daniel has a crush on Emma
Watson? I loved the Don't Mess With US introduction of the Durmstrang
crew when they entered the Great Hall. Beauxbatons girls were funny
upon their arrival.The maze was unsurpassable and Cedric Diggory's death left you feeling
shaken and haunted. It happened too suddenly. It was heartwarming when
you saw Harry's parents come shooting out of Voldemort's wand and they
assisted Harry you couldn't help but feel the tears streaming down your
face. Time to name the hottest guys in the movie (in NO order of
course): Arthur Weasely, Fred & George Weasely, Ron is definitely
getting there, Cedric wasn't bad, Neville (I was so happy for him when
he took Ginny to the Yule Ball - it was cute to see him being caught
practicing waltzing alone in his room in preparation for the ball)and
Barty Crouch Jr.Anyone who hasn't seen it you're missing out on the best movie of the
year. Especially when you see Moaning Murtle scoping out Harry in the
Prefect tub, joining him and checking out his assets. Mad Eye Moody
impostor really held his own and grabbed your attention.I HAVE GOT TO SEE THIS AGAIN NEXT WEEKEND.
			
This movie is one of THE best HP movies ever. It was really thrilling
and exciting movie.Graphics/Animation: 10/10 Comedy: 8.5/10 Scaring features:9/10
Sound(theatrical):9.5/10 Overall: 10/10Though few scenes are snappy, all in all this movie ROCKS and plus
romance is in the air. Great Movie Mike Newell has outdone himself.
Really no. 1 This movie contains really cool and scary
scenes.Especially the Hungarian Horntail Scene and Death Eater scenes.
I just loved this movie and I am going to watch it again.Hope this helps you.Overall: 10/10
			
I thought it was the best Harry Potter movie yet. I was a little
annoyed that they didn't put somethings from the book in but if they
did it would be like 6 hours long!!! I thought the actors were
incredible and the media saying that the actors will get too old for
the rolls don't know nothing! Really enjoyed and will buy the DVD!
Definitely in my top five movies of this year and my top ten of the
21st century! Love the Yule Ball and think Hermione is so hot! Think
Ron the comedian is awesome too! The tasks and special effects are the
best I have seen since LOTR and overall the film is excellently put
together and cleverly directed! 5 Star!
			
I watched this film last night and I was awestruck by how brilliant it
was. I was worried after comments on the film that they were going to
leave out a lot of the important bits of the book but I think they did
the book justice. There was so much emotion in the film and not once
did I think 'oh my god they have left an important part out'. They
include all the teenage feelings with Harry, Ron & Hermione and the
ending was the real climax of the film. I was annoyed to see that a
report in a paper I read said that 'Daniel Radcliffe's acting is still
as wooden as his broomstick'. That I can assure you is not true. He has
grown on the films and has made the character his own. I will say that
he has done a marvelous job in all of the films and especially GOF. As
for Emma Watson, she is a pleasure to watch on the screen and she gets
better every time you see her. Rupert Grint is another charm to this
movie. His quirky comments and reactions are enjoyable to watch. I
would like to see these three complete all the Harry Potter films as I
do not think that the films would be the same without them. One good
side is that as the actors get older and the stories get darker, it
will bring more of the adults to the cinema. I'm 21 and I love reading
the books and watching the films. I think JK Rowling has created a
brilliant world of imagination for adults and children to enter into
and the film makers have done a great job of making the films from
this. My overall verdict is that this is one film that you do not want
to miss. Even if you have not read the books, you will understand the
film with no problem. My congrats to the cast and crew on making this
spectacular, thrillingly enjoyable film.
			
I found this movie to use the perfect amount of darkness and lightness
to set the mood. This was the funniest out of all the movies yet the
comedy did not overshadow the plot. The new characters were so properly
cast. It didn't follow the book as well as the others but who says it
had to. Emma Watsons acting wasn't her best but hey she's only sixteen.
When Cedric dies it is very tragic and almost makes you want to cry
because the acting at that point by Daniel Radcliff was excellent! The
only reason it is PG-13 is because the dragons might scare little kids,
but honestly, tell your kids to cover their eyes and they should be
fine. Overall the movie was great and I think J.K Rowling would be
proud to be associated with the movie!
			
Of all the Harry Potter books, Goblet was by far my favorite. Having
Enjoyed the previous 3 films I had extremely high expectations of this
one. The actors had stellar performances while still maintaining a
lighthearted mood at moments. The movie stays very loyal to the book
and the Special effects were also some of the best I have yet seen in
any film. This is clearly the best film of the 4 as my second favorite
was Prisoner of Azkaban which i would give an 8, so this one is clearly
an improvement on the last 3. There are still 3 more left so it is
undoubted that once the 7th film is released Potter fans all over will
be extremely content with the work of the actors and directors. I must
say some of the movie was a little bit of for me, but I guess it is
just the creative license of the crew and screenwriters.
			
The first thing you have to remember before going to see this movie is
that it will not even compare to the book. Technology, personal
interpretation... whatever. It'll never be the same. That being said,
of all the Potter movies this was probably my favorite. I was a little
skeptical going into it, wondering how it was possible that GoF was
such a long novel and here it was in a 2 1/2 hour movie.The movie isn't the same as the book, but as far as movies go it was
amazing. The special effects, the script... they covered the basics and
more. There were parts I bawled, parts I laughed so hard that I spilled
my popcorn (it really was a tragedy...) and parts that are just so
utterly amazing that I felt like I was there.Yeah, some stuff was a little off and there were other things that
could have been left out and something better put in, but all I have to
say is go into this movie with an open mind and you will most
definitely enjoy it.
			
The newest harry potter came out yesterday. I saw it at a 4:30 showing.
All I can say is Wow! I didn't read the book, but I don't think it
makes a big difference whether you read it or not. I was funny, scary,
jaw dropping and action packed.The special effects were very good. Although my friends mom had said
they left a part out, though I will not specify which part :).Harry has matured more, as did Hermoine and Ron, which makes a big
impact on the story line itself. New characters come and go. I was also
surprised to see Ron's brothers in the movie a little more.I think whether you are a HP fan or not, you are bound to like this
movie, I already started reading the fifth book, hope to finish before
it comes out. :P
			
Okay. To start off, I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter franchise...I
read the first three books while in the third grade and the fourth one
in the fourth grade, then had to wait until the 5th book until the 6th
grade. When finally the "Half Blood Prince" came out in the summer
before eighth grade, it took three "fateful" (LOL!) days to read, and I
was totally speechless afterwards (almost traumatized, it was so
depressing).Now, I have been waiting for this most recent film for a long time,
hoping they didn't screw it up. It looked really good from the
trailers, but I didn't think it looked very faithful at all to the
actual source (novel).Oh man, was I wrong!It turned out to be the most faithful thus far in the entire series to
have been translated from text to big screen. Yes, they did have to cut
out a few of the interesting but nonetheless irrelevant subplots, but
did this deter at all away from the actual score? Psh, heck no it
didn't! It captured the dark and brooding atmosphere from the novel to
a T, maybe a U haha. I thoroughly enjoyed every second of this film,
and I severely hope that the next one turns out to be this good.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!10/10P.S.--I wasn't at all disappointed with the previous three films, but
this one almost makes them look bad. :-O
			
As a avid Harry Potter reader, I always look forward to the seeing how
the books will be adapted on the big screen. I've seen them all now and
I have to say that the Goblet of Fire is definitely the best film out
of all of them thus far, by far!!! Because the book is so long, the
filmmakers obviously needed to leave some things out (Dobby and Winky
for instance) However, the changes they made worked great with the
story! The film was exciting, dramatic, and incredibly emotional. The
adult actors are spectaculor, the children still need a little work,
but they are getting better with age. The Yule ball is unforgettable
and the Triwizard Tasks leave you dreaming that you too could get
through Platform 9 3/4 hop on the Hogwarts Express enter your name in
the Goblet of Fire and have the chance of eternal glory! The wait was
worth it-the movie is absolutely spectacular
			
I give credit to both Alfonso Cuaron and Chris Columbus because what
they did helped build the story. Best movie yet. Personally this is my
favorite book of all the series and obviously some of it had to be cut
out. I think that Mike Newell did an exceptionally good job. He cut off
parts of the book but made it so that it would be understandable for
people who have not read the book. I loved the movie. Very sad, yes,
but that's Harry's life in general. Its the first time a movie gets me
as emotionally involved as Goblet did. Ever since it started until it
ended.For those of you that have not read the 5th and 6th book and thought
this movie was sad, get ready...Good Luck David Yates...
			
I went to the cinema, a bit wary about seeing this movie.Being a huge fan of the first and second movies, and being so utterly
disappointed with the third (yeah it was dark, but so disjointed!),
forcing me to go and actually read all the books (you should never have
to read a book to understand the movie!).Anyway, I needn't have worried, the movie was awesome, yeah, on the
plus side we could go on about the stunning special effects, the fast
paced, but easy to follow story (very little of the movie left any
questions to be answered). On the minus side, we could go on about what
was left out of the book. From my point of view, a lot needed to be
left out. Although the core story in the book was excellent, it was
fleshed out with tons of 'crap' (sorry JKR).But, in actual fact, what you need to know is that it is dark,
occasionally scary, very exciting, fast paced and often funny, and
comes to a satisfying conclusion.The best part of the movie is actually the interaction with all the
supporting characters, with each other, and with Harry. The Weasley
twins are easily the most entertaining, Harrys strained relationship
with Ron, Hermiones strained relationship with Ron, and so much more...
This was probably my main problem with Azkaban, it really did ignore
the rest of the cast.There are many scene stealing moments from Mad-Eye Moody, especially
when he has a go at Draco.I think the oddest part of the whole movie is how 'open' Dumbledore has
suddenly seemed to become with Harry. I might have to look at the books
again, but certainly, in the previous movies, he seemed more
mysterious.There are so many moments in this movie that similar to 'The Empire
Strikes Back'. This is no bad thing, and I am not going into it, if you
know the movie, you will see what I am on about. Suffice to say, by the
end of both movies, you are shocked at how the good-guys have ended up,
and leaves you yearning to see what happens next.This movie is an all-round winner, though, if you take some younger
children to see it, prepare to leave early, there are some moments that
they might find truly terrifying!
			
Wow! In my opinion its the best Harry Potter film so far. Its funny,
well written and all the actors were very good. Mad Eye Moody was
brilliant in the film. The eye was very well done (i was expecting it
to be poor). Michael Gambon gave a good performance as Dumbledore
(again i was expecting him to be awful). The Yule Ball was brilliant,
everyone was really pretty & handsome in their dress robes. Rupert
Grint played Ron Weasley to perfection and was really funny. The maze
was very eerie and so was the 2nd task. Ralph Fiennes was superb as
Voldemort and his appearance was very similar to what i imagined it
would be. Very creepy, pretty scary too, (i wouldn't want to meet him
alone on a dark night). I'm glad that his appearance wasn't spoilt in
all the hype before the film. The music for the film was excellent too
and really made the film.I would have gave it 10 out of 10 but there was a few minor things that
prevented me from doing so. I thought the film was very rushed and
could have been made longer. Certain scenes could of been explained
better although if you haven't read the book you would understand it no
problem. I would've liked to seen more of Sirius Black too as he was
only in one scene and i like his character.Apart from the few minor faults it is a brilliant film which i
recommend for everybody to watch. Don't be prejudice because its a
Harry Potter film, give it a chance. Again, wow!
			
I have watched this yesterday, finally after a long waiting :) I
thought it will be a very long movie, but in fact it is only 2.5 hours.
This movie is very good :) the animation is smooth and very alive, I
like the part when Harry had a fight with the dragon :) really good.
But Dumbledore is a bit too young and too funky I think, it made him
seem not as wise as usual. Overall, this is a good movie, funny and
make you laugh from the beginning till the end. Watch the part when Ron
is getting shock after he asked Fleur to go with him to the bow :D:D:D
very funny. Too bad the time is too short, only 2.5 hours, so many
details are not exist in the movie. you got to watch this movie!
			
"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" is a wonderful treat for the fans
of the books and the earlier movies in the series, as it wastes no time
explaining anything to newbies.After the prologue, our first look at Harry reveals he's now a gangly
young teen for even more visceral reaction than seeing Anakin Skywalker
at the same gawky age in "Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones"
because here it's been the same actor who we have seen age on screen; I
immediately vote for continuing with the trio of Daniel Radcliffe as
Harry, Emma Watson as Hermione Granger and Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley
for the rest of the adaptations, as they are literally growing into
their roles. (Though with them fitting in other movies in between these
I do feel pangs of maternal guilt at their lost childhoods.) Twins
James and Oliver Phelps as the Weasley twins have also developed more
hunkily than the characters' in my imagination from the pages in the
book.All of their rangy messiness is particularly apt as director Mike
Newell better captures the ambiance of normal English boarding school
life than the other films, from the dorms to the common and dining
rooms and professors' offices to the horrors of the first formal dance
and the first awkward stirrings of attraction to the opposite sex,
which adds a lot of leavening humor to the adventure. The attention to
detail in the production design is marvelous; I counted three people in
the credits responsible for draperies. Hogwarts is notably more
multicultural this year, and not just because of the international
Tri-Wizard Tournament; it challenges American stereotypes to hear "Cho
Chang" speak with a Scottish brogue like the inimitable Maggie Smith
does here too.Eliminating the dreary annual summer stay at the relatives helps to
literally whoosh us fast into magical environs as it quickly moves to
the creatively envisioned quidditch world tournament that is
necessarily rushed but is still a lot of fun before capturing the
spookiness of the stealth attack by the followers of You Know Who --
and viewers have to already know who he and Sirius Black are, the
family relationships, and what are Death Eaters, poly juice, sorting,
etc. One small weakness is that quidditch fans dress in the same
outlandish nonsense as muggle sports fans, but the visiting tournament
teams' costumes and choreography are even more fun than the opening
ceremonies of the Olympics.Until that time in the future when a very long, faithfully done
mini-series adaptation can be made, it's forgivable that in the rush to
fit in as many climaxes as possible of the long, complicated story it
is a bit hard to have story insights to make you care for the new
characters, though they are played by charming youngsters, particularly
handsome Robert Pattinson as Hogwarts' official tournament competitor,
and the girl classmates who amusingly prove that female wizards mature
earlier too. I appreciate the effort gone to cast a young Bulgarian as
competitor "Vicktor Krum" with the right physique, but it's a good
thing he's seen quite briefly.I lost count at ten at the number of special effects companies in the
U.S. and Britain involved in the production, but it did seem as if CGI
was put to effective background service to quaintly old-fashioned
models, animatronics and mattes that fit the Hogwarts environment. I
was particularly impressed that no matter how cool an effect was, it
wasn't repeated for preening purposes and always served the story, as
did the music. The underwater scenes were wonderful. The landscape of
Hogwarts, from the castle to the lake to the forest, have a real sense
of geography. Those who did stay through all the credits were rewarded
by being assured that no dragons were harmed in the production, as the
dragon challenge was thrilling even as it fondly recalled Ray
Harryhausen's mythic battles for a new generation. I was not as
impressed with Liam Neeson's make-up for Vol de Mort, as he seemed too
much like Marty Feldman's Igor in "Young Frankenstein."But even with all these impressive effects, the films remain a showcase
of the richness of British acting talent, of artists who go from TV to
theater to serious indie cinema to small roles in this populist
extravaganza. Brendan Gleeson seems more avuncular as this term's
Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher than was in the book, while
having fun with his body props. I thought Miranda Richardson was not
even as obnoxious or tartily made up on screen as Rita Skeeter is in
the books. But I hope they all are signed up for the long term, as this
fourth film clearly ends like a serial and I look forward to the next
film as much as I look ahead to the next book.
			
First of all I have to admit that i am a huge fan of the books and the
film, and was really looking forward to see the 4th instalment.I have to say that the acting of Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and
especially Rupert Grint and the guy that plays Neville Longbottom
(Temporary memory loss, sorry)was excellent, there was no cringe worthy
moments, which i found in the previous films. They have all grown up a
lot.The whole film seemed like it had been plucked from my imagination,
whilst reading the book, especially the second task, third task, the
graveyard and the pen sieve.I was in hysterics through the first 3/4 of the film and tearful in the
last 1/4 film.I think a non-harry potter fan (bizarre as it may sound that there are
people that don't like harry potter)would even enjoy the film.Cnat wait to see the film again. Well worth watching!!!!!
			
I can't believe your comment. First you say that you understand that
they can't fit everything into the film and then go on to bash it.
Exactly how do you think they could've improved it? They had 2 1/2 half
hours to film a 700+ page book. There's not much they could do, if
anything blame Warner Bros. They're the ones who didn't allow the film
to be any longer. Besides, what they did was fine. You just have
problems. True the movie was fast but they really had no choice. So if
you have such a problem then don't bother people with your bad
attitude. Do you not realize that the number of people who like the
movie far outnumber the people who don't like it? Also, JKR has a say
in the movie too and so if she's fine with it, then I think everyone
who respects JKR should accept it the way it is and stop complaining.
			
When I read for the first time "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" I
was shocked, why? Well, the fifth part wasn't on sale yet, and I
couldn't wait to get it. And the main problem was that I finished
reading the book on a year before the fifth part was released, a big
time to wait. And the worst of all was that the second movie was going
to be released until November, I mean, I had to wait many months to see
the second part, so I always wondered "How many years will it took to
me so I can see the fourth part?". Obviously, the question was solved
many months ago.Yes, I watched the movie, and I can tell you that its the BEST MOVIE of
Harry Potter I have watched. Of course, the special effects, the trama,
the story, everything was PERFECT. Even if you are not a fan of Harry
Potter I can tell that you'll love it, and probably after you see this
movie you'll become a fan too.Not quite sure which was my favorite part, but what I can tell you is
that the scene of the Dragons left me with the mouth open like for
twenty of thirty minutes. I had only a word to mention to that scene:
"SPECTACULAR". And what about Lord Voldemort and all the bad guys,
pretty good, wasn't it? I have liked all Harry Potter movies, but this
movie is my favorite until date. WATCH IT, I KNOW WHICH IS A GOOD
MOVIE, AND THIS IS OF THE BEST MOVIES I HAVE EVER WATCHED.Of course, the commercials of the movie doesn't show the main problem
of the movie, I mean, they only show Harry in love with Chong, or the
scene of the dance, but they doesn't show the main parts of the movie,
Harry in the most dangerous contest of his life, fighting with Lord
Voldemort, swimming in the most dangerous waters, in a huge labyrinth,
etc.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED: 10/10
			
I won tickets to the pre screening last week, and I went to see it
today and...I have to say that Goblet of Fire is without a doubt the strongest
Harry Potter movie to date. It had all of the emotion from the book
from the fear, to the anger, to the sadness....the acting was
brilliant.Daniel Radcliffe I think did an amazing job once again as Harry. During
the Yuleball, you believe how much he's yearning for Cho Chang and
basically ignoring his date like crazy. Also at the end when Cedric
dies and he uses the portkey to get back to Hogwarts, you totally
believe that he's been through hell, and is almost out of his mind with
grief trying to protect Cedric. I think he also plays off well being
angry at your best friend, being afraid of being forced into a
situation you don't WANT to be in, but doing what you can to survive
it. Great job.Rupert Gint once again in my opinion almost steals the show as Ron
Weasley. From his awkward dance lessons with Professor McGonaggal, to
his anger towards Hermione and Harry, he's just amazing. This guy is
Definitely going to have a bright future in the film industry.Emma Watson...I can't say enough about how great she was in this movie.
Showing her care for Harry, and her budding feelings for Ron, while
still being bossy old Hermione. It's just outstanding how well all
three of them have grown as actors, and they bring their characters
alive not just...being there if you know what I mean.Gary Oldman for the few moments he was in the movie definitely set the
tone for Goblet of Fire with his chilling warning to Harry about the
Tri-Wizard tournament and whomever put his name in the Goblet of fire.The guy who played Cedric Diggory (sorry can't remember his name) was
outstanding. He did an amazing job, and he pulled off the part so well
that when he does die, you have to shed tears for him, because he's
such a likable character.Draco Malfoy, although with less screen time is just as hateable as
ever...you just want to take this kid by the ears and bash your head
into his nose...but that's what comes from playing a great villain.It is also VERY touching hearing Harry have his first and only
conversation (although brief because of his duel with Voldemort) with
his parents. It really makes you see just how much he's had to put up,
and how much he's had to handle in his only 13 years of life.And Ralph Finnese (sp?) was just amazing as Voldemort...I swear...this
guy is just a phenom! He'd Definitely better continue playing The Dark
Lord up until the final movie! I could go on and on and on picking out
individual performances and I would be sitting here putting out a post
longer than the pages of Goblet of Fire. The performances were
great....however....There were some things that got left out that was upsetting. The
Dursley's for one (can't have Harry Potter without them), Molly Weasley
(you can't cut out Harry's only true Mother figure), Dobby (it's not
Neville that gives Harry the weed that allows him to breath underwater,
it's the house elf. Dobby shows up helping Harry in the book, why not
in the movie?), and finally....why don't they show Harry giving Fred
and George his earnings for winning the tournament? They don't even
MENTION the money reward, which is kind of upsetting. How are they
going to explain where Fred and George get their money for their shop?
Big plot hole right there, they'd better fix that! All in all, I gave
the movie on IMDb.com a 9/10 because of those few problems. They were
minor, and only a geek for the books like myself would notice such
things. So...enjoy it when it comes out.
			
It is for sure, the best movie from the harry potter series as I speak
this very moment. I've also read every book, so I'd knew what was going
to happen but still I think the actors and director have done a great
job, taking me on a magic journey inside and outside the walls of
Hogwarts! The Tri-wizard tournament is awesome! It also looks very
realistic if you tell me! It's just one big adventure, where you can
really dig in to. And I understand why Harry falls in love with Cho
Chang! She looks great! I can't wait to see harry potter 5, because it
seems to me that every new book is even better than the previous one!
Great job J.K. Rowling and all the actors and directors of the movies!
I love Harry Potter!
			
very good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic my
favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic
my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o
magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a
lot o magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of special
effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot of
special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a lot
of special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very good movie!!!have a
lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very good
movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.very
good movie!!!have a lot of special effect!!!a lot o magic my favorite.
			
It's the fourth year for Hogwarts, Harry (Daniel Redcliff) with
Hermonine (Emma Watson) and Ron (Rupert Grin)just saw the Quittich
World Cup Final Tornument until the event was crashed by evil
Death-Eaters sent by Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes) whom trashes the
place. But as Harry goes back to school, an upcoming TriWizard's
tournament is at hand soon for three schools. Those include Hogwarts,
Beauabatons and Dumstrung but only students who are 17 can join the
tournament. A magical object called The Goblet of Fire can choose who
can be the youngest players at the tournament yet Potter is chosen
magically as he must do four important tasks before entering. With the
help of his friends including new teacher Professor Moody (Brendan
Gleeson) with a fellow student Cedric (Robert Pattison) even if they
must battle Voldermort.Another brilliant installment of the popular fantasy movie series this
time directed by Mike Nevell ("Four Weddings and a Funeral" and the
upcoming "Prince of Persia"). Co-starring Miranda Richardson, Katie
Leung, Robbie Coltrane, Jason Issacs, Maggie Smith, Warwick Davis, Gary
Oldman and Tom Felton, this is one of the more darker installments more
than the last 2 ever were and grows more deeper with character. The
story is quite good as it stays a little true to the novel but with
some things left out but oh well, can't please everyone. There's
mystery with surprises galore including improved acting around from
everyone as Voldermort shows up once more looking more like himself and
the theme to this movie is that it's about growing up of how to face
your own fears.Another winner!
			
I think this film is absolutely fantastic!The actors are great!Dan,Emma
and Rupert are my favourite actors and I totally love them!And of
course all the HP films too .( I am now waiting for the next film to
come!!!I am sure it is going to be awesome as always) .But if I have to
say my opinion on this film, I must mention the special effects which
made the scenes even more magical...the acting is the most important
thing, of course, and it was all brilliant,I think!The costumes were
sweet and ...I just loved this film!!!There you can see the development
of the main characters and all these hard times for Harry..it is so
exciting and even scary( a boy dies in this one and the dark lord
returns)it turns out to be really frightening and important at the same
time...maybe it is darker than the other films from the series but it
is better!After all the characters are getting older so the dangers are
bigger!It is normal and even good because it attracts viewers!A lot of
them!That was a comment from a huge HP fan!Bye
			
i love harry potter the movie it was fantastic. i 'm a fanatic from
harry potter since i have memory. i reed every book. it was a great
experience for me see this movie on the cinema. i think that a 10 its
not en of this movie have action, passion,love, drama, comedy,
everything. i just love it. it was great, am my favorite movie. and
Rupert and Daniel they was beautiful in the movie. probably for be a
fan of harry potter i do not have am critters to Calif this movie, but
what ever! i love it best movie of the last times. far from the lord of
the ring. funny and great! i wait the next movie with to many
espectitives. kisses
			
it was the best ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! well i have to admit
there were some faults. i was very disappointed when practically the
whole book had not been included, now i know that that would not have
been possible because the book is huge!!!!!!!! (to say the least) but
overall i was fascinated and i'm all excited about the next film -
Order of the Phoenix. Daniel Radcliffe was again amazing!!!!!!!!
unbelievable. my favourite scene was the dragon scene i loved it to
pieces!!!!!!! legend film and Daniel Radcliffe - what a fit hot
guy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love him so much. i mean i am so harry
potter's number 1 fan!!!!!!!! they've been great and i don't want them
to stop. i was very sad and on the verge of tears when Cedric died and
even more so when his dad started crying - that was awful. love you Dan
Radcliffe and the gang you were magnificent!!!!!
			
Harry potter and the goblet of fire is by far the best move from the
Harry potter series. It not only talks a bout common teenage issues
like, dating, asking a girl out for a dance, but also the magic and
dark side comes to a climax. Lord Voldermort reappears as a vile,
mutation of snake and human, full of hate towards Harry.This movie even thought was tough at least in the beginning for kids,
is scary, and dark. The movie also includes a titian size production.
The creation of the Hungarian dragon was a big challenge when trying to
attach to the author s details. The enormous water tank that had to be
created to film the underwater tasks in the lake of the deep was one of
this moves best features. The actors had to learn how to dive and
control her breath in each shoot since no essence was more than 7
seconds long.Over all this move is full of excitement, love, magic and it also comes
with a live maze. I can't wait to see the next movie, but at the same
time it graves me some nostalgia the fact that I know there is only one
book left and 3 moves to go. One thing is for sure, to overthrown the
goblet of fire with the order of the phoenix is not going to be an easy
job
			
I believe that this wonderful Harry Potter film was very nearly, as we
say in the town of Grolkisdon, "Sehr Blauschmut". However, I would like
to point out a few trifling details I spotted while I was lustily
watching this exhibit. Firstly, I must point out that the 234th hair on
the left hemisphere of Miss Emma Watson's head was at an angle of 2.5
degrees, when it should really have been at 2.6 degrees. Very
disappointing, I say. Secondly, at 22 minutes and 43 seconds, the wrist
movement of the spell, "Poco Rallentando" was not quite at the correct
tempo and enunciation. The result of this would have theoretically
produced a flying elephant, instead of the flying mouse intended.
Thirdly, I am quite sure that Mr. Rupert Grint's hair tint was of the
colour "Raddish Red 23.4 + Carrot Orange 2.5 + Ginger Ginger 456.4" and
not, as it should have been, "Raddish Red 23.4 + Carrot Orange 2.5 +
Ginger Ginger 457.4." As you should know, a difference of one extra
Ginger Ginger tint can make a "Grossengross" difference. As for Mr.
Daniel Radcliffe, there are simply too many incorrect movements and
characteristics to mention them all. However, one of the most obvious
and noticeable was that of his incorrectly positioned nose  his nose
should really be of a length of 2.45 inches, when it happened to
actually be 2.58 cm. This was rather alarming, and "Munchkntin," as
the population of Grolkisdon would have said. Another glaring mistake
was that the pronunciation of the name, "Professor McGonagall" at 120
minutes and 3 seconds, was at a pitch of 212 Hz, and as you should
know, the proper pitch for such a word is in fact 424 Hz. When I heard
this improper speech, I was so disturbed that I actually shouted,
"Lntauschaumt!" as we say in Grolkisdon. However, aside from these
mistakes, I must say that I highly enjoyed this movie and would most
certainly recommend this for all species of cat.
			
I am a huge Harry Potter fan and this is absolutely my favorite book
out of all of them. So it stands to reason that I would be far more
critical of this film than the others. I thought for sure when I went
in to watch the film that it would the kind of movie I would not be
happy with. You know, criticize the whole thing until I didn't enjoy it
at all anymore. But that didn't happen thank god! It's my favorite film
and my favorite book. My favorite film all time actually. I can't wait
for the next one. Everyone makes me more nervous since they replace all
the directors so often. But I'm sure they'll be great. I"m sure of it
now!
			
First off I would like to say that I did not think I would like the
Potter series of books or movies because of them being childish.
However my mind has been changed. This movie like the first 3 is an
excellent choice for a good family fun movie. Kids 5 and up would love
it. Harry is now 14 in this movie (if you have read the books year1 he
was 11, year 2 he was 12 and so on). He gets put into the Tri-Wizard
competition and faces some of the hardest and coolest things yet. (They
are cool to me. I am not sure how Daniel Radcliffe feels.) Any way this
is a cool movie as Harry moves on throughout his 4th year at Hogwarts
making new friends and enemies (if you have never seen this you will
never guess who). Ha Ha. You will have to watch this movie to know what
I am talking about. If you like the first 3 movies you should like this
one. It is my favorite out of the 4. It has suspense and mystery and
fun in it.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is by far the best Harry Potter
movie yet! It doesn't really fit it's PG-13 rating but it is more
violent than the other 3. Even though they cut out a lot of the good
parts, it was still excellent. The only bad part is that Voldemort's
nose looks retarded (well.. he doesn't really have one). Any one else
writing a review about this movie please give a good rating because it
deserves it. Whoever likes Harry Potter will love this movie. I must
warn you though the graveyard part is a little scary for younger
children.The dragon part also is a little violent. But it still is a
superb movie. Thanks! I hope this review is helpful to you.
			
This is for sure a MUST SEE!! Whoever haven't sent this movie is really
missing out...its the most amazing movie i've seen. The best potter
movie yet!! its a real thriller....its SO good!!!!! gets you right into
the action..and makes you feel like part of the movie. THE BEST MOVIE
YET.This movie starts off giving you info. since the beginning of the
movie..and it keeps going! it doesn't stop! its problem after problem,
tensity after tensity!, joke after joke! The movie is just simply
filled with the best of Harry Potter. And for sure the movie if VERY
close to what the book says. And that makes the movie so much enjoyable
for those who already read the book. This movie unlike the others has a
lot of comedy added to it. That for sure made the movie more enjoyable
and in a way it was a good "brake" for us to calm down between the
action packed rest of the movie. Again, this is a MUST SEE.
			
10 out of 10?? this film deserves more like 100 out of 10! It is not
only better than the previous three films combined, it runs a hundred
circles around them, knocks a billion spots off them and sends them
flying into oblivion! Even the most hardened Harry Potter haters (we
all know at least one!) will not be able to say anything bad about this
film! everything in it is so perfect, it is the best screen adaptation
of a book i have ever seen. Every detail was exactly how i had imagined
it in my mind whilst reading the books and as a person who obsesses
over the books to almost psychopathic proportions that is really saying
something! All i can say is, go and see it. Judge for yourself. i
promise you this film will not disappoint :D
			
I thought the movie was completely spectacular, I thought the feel of
the movie really expressed the emotions the writer wanted us the
viewers to feel. the contents I felt were not completely true to the
people watching, because there were so many sense left out. there were
I felt as a reader of the book and a viewer of the movie that there
were some very important facts left out of the movie, we understand
that there is a certain time alloted for movies, and that the movie
might have been 4 hours long had we not shortened it, however I also
feel that had I not read the book first I would not have understood
certain aspects of the movie and would have been lost on certain events
leading up to certain key parts, but, over all I really strongly feel
the movie was all it could be and there for give it a 10/10. I really
enjoyed the movie and thought it to be the best yet.
			
This is it. At this point in the Harry Potter book series, the books
get longer...and darker. Between 'Prisoner of Azkaban' and 'Goblet of
Fire' you see the former having almost no mention whatsoever of the
evil Lord Voldemort, whereas the latter closes with his dramatic
return. While I prefer the third BOOK to the fourth BOOK, as far as the
movies go, Daniel Radcliffe and Co. have, with the film version of
Goblet of Fire, topped the Azkaban movie, which I never would have
expected.Admittedly, it took a second or third viewing of 'Azkaban' before I
could appreciate Alfonso Cuaron's masterful job. Before I saw 'Goblet,'
I thought that Cuaron had set himself up better with that than Mike
Newell had with Goblet - the main reason for this being that Cuaron
turned a 400-odd page book into a two and a half-hour movie, while
Newell had reportedly taken the 752 page 'Goblet' and put it into the
same two and a half hour time frame. (This was a project that Newell
reportedly, at one time, wanted to make into TWO movies.)But dammit, Newell pulled it off, and gloriously so. Obviously, some
things had to be left out of the movie, (For example, Harry's vicious
Dursleys are left out, as is the back story of the House-Elves) but
what you need is there. You get not only the three tasks and the Yule
Ball in this two and half hours, but you also get the trademark signs
of adolescence in the quarrel between Harry and Ron that is quite
prominent in the book.Most of the Potter regulars are back, and in fine form. Michael Gambon
did not come off as well this time around as headmaster Albus
Dumbledore. Dumbledore gives off a calm, cool disposition in the books
- and here he seemed really on edge, and agitated. (Still, given the
state of things in the movie, who wouldn't?) Newcomers Miranda
Richardson (Rita Skeeter) and Brendan Gleeson (Professor Moody) are
perfect additions to the series. But the best addition to this
franchise was, without a doubt, Ralph Fiennes as Lord Voldemort.
Despite having relatively little screen time in the film, his
maliciously evil portrayal of the Dark Lord when he WAS on screen shows
me that he will be invaluable as the franchise continues. The scenery and CG sequences were, as usual for this series, top notch.
The three tasks of the Triwizard Tournament look, simply, outstanding.
One thing I particularly liked is that Newell seemed to breath more
life and color into this movie than was to be found in the Azkaban
movie, despite the fact that the fourth book is considerably darker and
more mature than the third.My only criticism is the lack of time Gary Oldman (Sirius Black) gets
on screen. In the books, Harry and Sirius meet up several times, not
just once where the two don't even interact in person. With an actor
like Gary Oldman playing the role, it is almost a crime to not take the
five or ten extra minutes to get him in the film more.However, it may as well be a simple misdemeanor charge, because the
rest of the film more than makes up for it. I walked out stunned. This
is not only the best movie in the Potter franchise, but it IS the best
movie of the year. 10/10
			
The movie was amazing! The actors really stepped up and delivered a
performance worthy of the books. The movie compressed a lot of the
action which made it so much more exhilarating to watch, it was very
fast paced and entertaining. I think that Mike Newell did a very good
job of presenting the Triwizard tournament, it was just as I pictured
it! And the scene at the graveyard is taken completely out of the book,
it was exactly as Rowling had described. Voldemort's return was
especially gripping. His metamorphisis was bone-chilling, and
altogether fantastic!!! Also, the Yule ball scene was adorable! To be
quite frank, this movie was fantastic. For goodness sake, it made me
cry. I was just glued to the screen. A fantastic job was done by
everyone involved in this film. Unbelievable. Honestly, anyone even
remotely interested in the Harry Potter series has to love this film.
GOOD STUFF!!!
			
I, being the insanely psychotic Harry Potter fanatic that I am, went
out to see "Goblet of Fire" at midnight the day it came out. I was not
disappointed. In fact, I LOVED it! I'm not just saying this because I
love harry Potter, this is really a sincere statement.Finally the Potter films have taken a much darker turn (and don't get
me wrong, I loved the other movies, but still). The 4th book is
fantabulous and was very dark, and the movie captures that. But of
course, there are VERY funny moments too! This time, Ron was not overshadowed by Hermione, and they didn't have
him make his totally freaked out face (excpet for one time, but it was
a spider scene), which pleased me to the extreme. I love Ron (I even
had a shirt with him on it that I wore to the premiere), and he is very
brave, but is sometimes misrepresented in the films. All the Tri-Wizard Tournament scenes and a certain other fight one are
very intense and incredibly awesome (At one part I wanted to cry
because a scene was so sad and very well done.).I had only wished that the had kept the S.P.E.W subplot. But I guess
you can't include everything. Trust me, fifty bagillion people can't all be wrong when they give this
film 10 stars. Go see it and you will love it with every fiber of your
being just as I do! I can't wait to see it again! 10/10
			
I attended a sneak preview for this movie and I must say it's the best
Potter film so farm. The Potter cast has matured and finally learned
how to act. Harry is a completely believable and sympathetic character.
Hermione is charming and Ron is thoroughly enjoyable in his teenage
awkwardness. Funny bits are right on the money. The twins were
perfectly cast. The action for the most part is fast paced. The visuals are completely
stunning. Fans of the book may notice that some of the sub-plots are missing, but
all the meat is there. Finally - a Potter film worthy of the book.
			
After driving an hour to see this film, and getting only one half of an
hour of sleep before a ruck march, I was questioning whether or not all
the effort was worth it. In short, it certainly was. In this film, the
characters progress from somewhat shallow early teens in the first
movies, to young adults faced with life changing decisions. This movie,
as it is much more serious in subject matter than the first few, is
darker and in my opinion suspends disbelief very well. The visual
effects, especially in the tri-wizard tourney, are superb. I would
highly recommend this film to Potter fans, and just plain movie buffs
alike.
			
I caught an advanced screening of this movie and I absolutely loved it.
It really takes a British to film it accurately. It's a shame Newell
only got 1 million to direct...he deserves double what Chris Columbus
got (10 mil for the 1st film).The trio is better than ever..and the effects are just awesome.
Everybody will truly LOVE the graveyard scene. I actually had it
pictured exactly this way when i was reading the book. What the first 3
movie lacks is the chemistry and warmth of the characters between each
other. i'm also really glad that this movie is released in November.
Harry potter for me will always be a winter/fall film. It doesn't fit a
summer agenda. Too bad OOTP will be released June 07. November
PPl...November...is the perfect date.
			
I was lucky to have the opportunity to see this movie. I know that
people are tired of hearing this, but is THE BEST POTTER FILM I've ever
seen. OK, I'm a fan of Harry Potter, but not so much of their movies. I
think that the three previous movies were OK, but it has a different
style of the last one (the previous hadn't so much mysterious, well at
least the first and the third). The music was OK (although Patrick
Doyle used a lot of violins) and the Mcbeth sisters were excellent! Of
my part I think that this is the best of Newell (Mona Lisa smile was
boring!!!)and I hope him to direct another Potter movie. My rate is
10/10, i'm glad to say that it deserved it :).
			
At last! Now I know where to tell smug people to go when they moan
about adults reading the Harry Potter series: the cinema! After the
beautifully made third movie, I didn't think this one would live up to
expectation. The trailer looked like it was stuffed with too many large
scale, numbing effects; I thought that the warm, intimate feeling of
the third film would be lost. But how wrong I was. I never thought I'd
say it, but this film was even better than Alfonso Cuaron's. The director, Mike Newell apparently said beforehand that that he was
to shoot it like an adults' thriller. Harry Potter is no longer
children's make-believe. It is a full throttle scary film. Key to this
new found depth is the fact that Lord Voldemort is actually scary in
this film! I was never that convinced by the scariness of
He-Who-Shouldn't-Be-Named in the books (Sorry JK Rowling). But this
film plunges to hidden depths of darkness, bringing JK Rowling's forth
book to life magnificently. I was dumbfounded at the end of the
experience and just thought "it's fantastic!" and it's very rare for
one to watch a film without finding something to criticise.
			
I love harry potter. I have read every book to date, and was extremely
excited to see my favorite book on the big screen. "Harry Potter and
the Goblet of Fire" was amazingly well done. After what I considered a
bad choice of direction in the third movie, HP4 bounced back with
amazing graphics, sound, acting talent. Though some scenes moved faster
than they probably should have, this movie stuck to the books, which as
a Harry Potter buff, was exciting to me. The shot in every scene were
extremely well done and I won't lie; I nearly cried in the end when
Wormtail killed Cedric. The movie somehow managed to keep me on the
edge of my seat even though I read the book and knew who lived and who
died. The movie was absolutely amazing, and I never want this series to
end.
			
Everyone was perfect for the parts they played and so many times it's
exactly like how I imagined it in the book! It is also way more action
and the digital effects are fantastic! Ralph Finnes is perfect for the
Role of Voldemort. The movie is also much more grown up than the other
3 Movies. This is my favorite Harry Potter movie Yet. Some fans may be
disappointed for how fast it rushes through the story-line but the
redeeming qualities are the amount of work they put in to the entire
film. This film also is more comical and has more joke than the other
movies. Prepare to be sitting for a long time because of the length of
the movie. Other than that I highly recommend going to see this movie!
			
Oh, God, where do I begin? Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is the
fourth installment from the J.K. Rowling series and this one is the
payoff. Not only does each of the series keep getting better by
installments, but they also get darker as well. As I mention in my
review of Prisoner of Azkaban, the first two installments were ways of
getting gawky eyed teenage girls to the big screen; with Azkaban, it
was a movie where EVERYBODY, fans and non fans, to see this flick. With
Goblet of Fire, the results are more promising than ever.Daniel Radcliffe returns to his role as Harry Potter, a little older
this time, and having nightmares about Lord Voldermort A.K.A. "You Know
Who", as the scar on his forehead is getting worse as he can see what
his happening around Voldermort and his cronies.Rupert Grint and Emma Watson are also back as Harry's friends, Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger, in which time the three characters are
hitting the stages of puberty where the guys don't have a clue on how
to pick up girls, while a student from another school asks Hermione to
the ball on Christmas Eve. Not only does puberty hit them, but also at
the same time the relationships start to hit a conflict where Harry
can't count on neither one anymore.The premise of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is that every year
there is a tournament called "The Tri-Wizard Tournament" where a
student from Hogwarts and two other students from different schools
(Beauxbatons Academy and Durmstrang Institute) compete for the
Tri-Wizard Cup, which will lead the winner eternal glory. The
contestants have to be over seventeen to compete in the tournament,
which involves retrieving a golden egg from a dragon, saving a loved
one from the black lake, and the last part of the competition is going
to an endless maze where somebody gets the Tri-Wizard Cup. The way the
student is chosen is if somebody writes the name of the contestant on a
piece of paper and sends it to the Goblet of Fire where the names will
be drawn. Three have already been chosen, even a student from Hogwarts;
but now a fourth contestant is revealedHarry Potter. Part of the
clause on the contract reveals that no matter what, if the name is
drawn, the player must go through all the levels, even if they die.As far from directing, Mike Newell of "Four Weddings and a Funeral" and
"Mona Lisa Smile" is the first British director in the movie series
where as a Britain, he understands everything about a boarding school,
even a scene where Prof. Snape (Alan Rickman) starts to hit Harry and
Ron upside the head for not doing their work. Yet, so funny and
realistic that he does an outstanding job making this film.Goblet of Fire also draws strong supporting roles; there's Michael
Gambon reprising his role as Dumbledor; Maggie Smith as McGonagall
(more of an extended role than Azkaban), Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid,
Miranda Richardson as the slimy Rita Skeeter and Brendan Gleason as
"Mad-Eyed" Moody, who is the fourth teacher in the dark arts after the
three other teachers left (Prof. Quarrel was Voldermort's apprentice in
the 1st movie; the fop Gilderoy Lockhart in the second movie; and the
eccentric Prof. Lupin in the 3rd installment).Harry does meet his match with Lord Voldermort (Ralph Finnees) before
the end of the movie which is quite a surprise, because after the first
three films, the first two were apprentices in the body of Voldermort;
in the third film, it was revealed that another apprentice "Worm-Tail"
Peter Pettigrew (Timothy Spall) was responsible for the death of James
and Lily Potter; and now the monster is met, incomplete, with the face
of the mechanical droid from the movie "I, Robot" where Voldermort's
eyes are small, his nose small and his body very alive.This is the first Harry Potter movie to be Rated PG-13, because of dark
elements and scary violence. It does a job of staying true to what it
means. Not to mention coming along with a storyline that people can
follow. Overall, this is one hell of a movie, and as Hermione says to
Ron and Harry, "Everything is going to change." Indeed, for the better.Acting: A+ Plot:A+ Directing:A+This is a must see for every wizard and muggle.
			
this was in fact the best one so far what do you think my favorite part
was all of the challenges they were (in the words of Glen Quagmire and
Peter Griffin) Giggity Giggity Frickin Sweet! I have no idea what to
write because the comment box won't let me go any less then 10 lines so
ill talk about the characters Fleur DeLecour (sp?) was pretty hot as
with the rest of that school (except for the headmaster) So was Cho
Chang, And am i retarded or did anyone else not know that the Patil
twins were Indian????? any way i think thats 10 lines so ill stop now
bye bye.... OK crap thats still not enough so ill say that the special
effects were Frickin Sweet, Acting was Frickin Sweet, and if you are
gonna go see the movie DO NOT go to a show where there will be a lot of
young children because i went to a sneak preview and there was tons of
kids and they would scream at the scary parts and uggggggghhh i wish i
could have seen it at a different time so thats all the time i have for
today so until next time same black hair same black channel good night
everyone
			
Trust this movie is a MUST. The special effects, fantastic. The acting
fabulous and the actors looking fabulous as they are doing it. For all
the girls out there- the young male actors have changed dramatically
and the new ones, like Cedric and Viktor, they are looking very, very
striking, so scream when you see them!For the guys as well, the girls
from the French school of wizardry are not looking too bad themselves.
There is one more thing that was forgotten. The comedy in this movie is
sometimes subtle and in others times pretty obvious that you have to
laugh. I honestly recommend this movie to be bought on DVD; I mean I'm
going to be one of first people to buy the movie on DVD. There is a
reason why this movie is rated PG-13^_^. Have a nice time at the
cinema!
			
As far as i can remember the first harry potter movie, i had this
"wannabee" feeling of Harry Potter. I always wanted to live in a
magical world full of mysteries. The first movie was great, the second
was even better(although usually the second movie s*cks big time). The
third movie did not had a lot of plot, but there was more action, it
was better than the second movie.For what i have seen of the forth movie, i can say that it has action,
plot, mixxed up (teenage)feelings, special effects and humor. I think
this movie will be one of the best for 2005.The story itself is about Harry Potters 4th year at Hogwarts School of
Witchcraft and Wizardy, this year they will have a dangerous TriWizard
Tournament where other young wizards compete against each other. Harry
Potter(Daniel Radcliffe),Viktor Krum(Stanislav Ianevski),Fleur
Delacour(Clmence Posy)are the only one which survive the contest(
although there are only 4 competitors)For what i can say is "Watch it, even if you are not a Harry Potter
fan!(ps: for the ppl who said that it was " rushed" it has to be, a hole
year in just one movie is not easy, exspecialy not when you have such a
big book with good stuff.)
			
Can our world turn into Hogwarts? Oh, no, it can never, but I bet that
Goblet of Fire will cease your imagination, your mind and shift you
away from reality and makes you feel that you actually live in Hogwarts
with Harry, Ron and Hermione. Personally, I enjoyed reading this book
out of all Harry potter's .it is amazing how Rowling's imaginations
clutches everyone's interest! I have read the book several times, but
still wants to see the happenings on the big screen How Lord Voldemort
stops Harry from getting the Triwizard cup How someone gets killed
(can't reveal the name - guidelines) .what happens to Hermione, how
will she find her date in the Competition, what about Harry's
infatuation, will he find someone good? What happens to Ron? All these
questions are haunting  I really perceive this movie as an occurrence
that excites the senses. A phenomenon! Unfortunately in Dubai, I have
access to the movie's trailer. I'm not sure whether I will get see the
splendid movie on the 18th of this month. Anyhow, just waiting for the
Ni bash!
			
Mike Newell is forgiven for cutting out so much detail from the book,
and JK Rowling is forgiven for writing wonderfully rich books. However,
fans of the book cannot help but feel like riding a roller coaster that
is so fast there is no time to enjoy the ride. I predict the huge void
between book and movie will spur remakes in about 10 to 20 years. Even
if the movies must be 5 hours long, Harry Potter fans are willing to
sit through them. This movie doesn't get a 10 because it leaves me
feeling like something is missing, but it does deserve a 9 for being
the best possible portrayal of the book given a 2.5 hour limitation.
All said and done, this is the shortest 2.5 hour movie I have ever
watched.
			
''Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire'' is the best of all Harry Potter
movies of all(at least until now),and also the only one that I gave a
vote bigger then 7. As all my Harry Potter comments, I need to say
again that the book is so much better and has much more details who are
important in the series, but this is the first of all movies who really
deserve my applause. The effects are better, the cast looks more
comfortable in their respective roles and even being a summary of the
books,''Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire'' finally was a good movie.
Of course that since the fourth book is very big, many, MANY parts are
not showed in the movie,including details about the relationship
between Cedric and Harry and also when Harry was in the Quidditch World
Cup.aka "Harry Potter e o Clice de Fogo" - Brazil
			
This fourth Harry Potter movie may be the best so far. Yes, there are
far too many characters, probably more so than in the first three
films, and of necessity most of them, especially those introduced here
for the first time, have little or no dialog and are not fleshed out.
Also, Hermione and Ron are more relegated to supporting characters than
before. Still, the movie works on a number of levels, as pure
adventure, suspense, and with a couple generous dollops of horror.But the most horrific parts of the film come less from the very good
special effects and more from what the movie evokes from the heart and
experiences of those viewers who have lived beyond their teen years.WARNING - SPOILERS AHEAD! Nothing involving Voldemort, snakes, or
spells was more disturbing to me than Harry's reaction when he returned
from the maze with the corpse of his slain friend and fellow student.
This was the first time, in my recollection, that Harry out and out
wept - and his sobs were gut-wrenching. Those 30 or so seconds brought
a spirit to this series that I'd never seen before. In Harry's weeping,
I got the feeling that suddenly this wizard business wasn't much fun
for him anymore, that the tournament, past trophies and triumphs, his
own fame, none of it mattered much anymore, because now everything was
tainted. Sometimes, people aren't just temporarily frozen or turned
into ferrets until the proper magical antidote is conjured. Sometimes,
they actually die, and their deaths aren't especially pretty or
glamorous, just as was shown in the scene preceding this one. Harry's
world has been tainted with the very close and personal experience of
mortality and loss, and as his own sobs mingled with the wailing of the
slain boy's father, the scene became, for me, almost too unbearable to
watch in its horror and sadness. As Hermione tearfully acknowledged in
the final scene, everything is going to change. It's going to change
because these kids have come of age, and just as in the muggle world we
inhabit, prior innocence can be remembered, but never recaptured.During the drive home from the movie, our two teenagers chimed in with
their thoughts. My son found it disappointing that Dumbledore didn't
seem to have the air of calm, majesty, and invulnerability about him
that he had in the previous films. It occurred to me then that,
probably, Dumbldore hadn't necessarily changed; maybe it was Harry &
company's perceptions of him that had changed, again because they are
growing up. Most of us when we were very young perceived our parents
and teachers as emotionally and morally infallible, until suddenly
they're not anymore. In most cases, they never really changed; we did.I don't remember the last time any movie inspired in me such
contemplation over what it felt like to grow up and start seeing things
that really hurt, and you begin to change. Not because you want to, but
because you have to, because for most of us, NOT growing up isn't an
option.
			
I went to see the fourth harry potter movie yesterday and i found it
rather intriguing. I am a harry potter's books fan and i was very
disappointed at the fact that Winkie never showed up, the fact that
important explanations were missing and personal relationships poorly
explored. All I got from the movie, let's say 80%, was action, the
tournament occupies the screen for most of the time. But, and there is
always a but, the scenes that were filmed were great, flawless,
powerful. Newel made a great job, but i must say that the script could
have been better. Rupert is great as Ron and Emma was a surprise, as
for Daniel.. he grew up..as an actor and as a boy. I believe that the
actress casted as Fleur could be more magnetic, i couldn't see none of
the Veela's blood in her, except for the fact that she is blond... It
was in my opinion the best HP movie... but I considered it a high
treason to the book. As I say... I couldn't make up my mind...
			
This movie was so close to the book, it was wonderful. Of course there
was a lot of jumping around, but given the time frame, they did an
excellent job. The ferret scene was absolutely, my favorite! Madame
Maxime wasn't as good as I expected, but the girls from Beauxbaton's
were cool. The sons of Durmstrang were awesome! I loved them, and
Karkarof was dead on. Moody was awesome, no one could have done it
better! The build-up to the Quidditch Cup was spectacular, but you
don't get to see a character that was introduced, and I had wanted to
see. And you don't get to see the Quidditch Cup. Voldemort's sign was
awesome, but they changed around some minor plot points to fit into the
movie. The Yule ball was okay, but again, the changed some minor
details that I had wanted to see. The tri-wizard Tournament was
fabulous! I loved all the "things" that went with it. It was done
extremely well. The graveyard scene was perfect! I can't say more than
that, but your expectation of it, will be met and/or exceeded. I
guarantee it. I am a huge Harry Potter book fan, and I loved this
movie. It probably shouldn't be watched by younger kids or those who
get nightmares easily, but I took my niece, age 11, and nephew, age 9,
and they loved it. So it is definitely one almost everyone can see!
			
Of the first 3 movies, I liked Harry Potter and the Harry Potter and
the Sorcerer's Stone the best because it came closest to expectations.
Goblet of Fire is by far by favorite book in the series, so I had high
hopes for this movie long before I saw any of the other movies. This
movie is brief and brisk at 254 minutes. Thats right, it is a very fast
254 minutes and you don't want the movie to end when it does. Yes, there is no Dursley family, Winky or Dobby a mild disappointment.
I am upset that there is no Mrs. Weasley more than anything. Even if
she had only one line, calling Ronald to breakfast or having her fuss
over Harry would have been better than cutting her out completely.Speaking of disappointments, while keeping the movie brief, there is no
Quidditch action in this movie, it is mentioned that Krum is the best
seeker in the world yet we don't see him in action. There could have
been at least 60 to 120 seconds of Quidditch action showing us just how
good Krum is.The acting is superb in this film, the trio have improved greatly since
the last movie. Mad Eye Moody (Brendan Gleeson) is wickedly funny and
the screen lights up as you sit up to watch what he does next. Rita
Skeeter (Miranda Richardson) is just dreadfully delightful as the
reporter you love to hate. The debate over who is the better Dumbledore is about to heat up once
again. Now that both have two full movies, I think it is now fair to
compare the two.Michael Gambon as Dumbledore is my personal choice; in this movie I
wasn't missing Richard Harris as Dumbledore like I was in POA. Gambon
will win over some of the Harris fans. Not all of them but some of
them.What can I say about Maggie Smith,Alan Rickman or Robbie Coltrane? I
wanted to see them more but there weren't any other scenes to put them
in. When they were on the screen they all did a superb job. There were
myriads of outstanding perfermances both big and small parts.Love was in the air in this movie but it also felt a little out of
place because there was no way to really work the love scenes in this
movie.The number 1 reason I wanted to see this movie after reading the book
was Harry and the dragon. The scene didn't disappoint, it kept you on
the edge of your seat the entire time. In fact the three tasks were
outstanding to watch and worth the price of admission.The rebirth of Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes) is creepy to look at. The
graveyard fight scene between Harry and Lord Voldemort is too brief to
be a climatic battle for a movie of this scale.I feared the dragon more
than I feared Voldemort. This is the first time Harry and Lord Voldemort meet after that fateful
night 13 years ago. Voldemort has had 13 years to plot his revenge on
Harry Potter, Voldemort now has a body and Harry standing in front of
him.Voldemort should be out to prove that he can best Harry in front of the
Death Eaters who are present at this confrontation but LV comes off
looking weak and pathetic, he can't best a 14 year old fourth year
student. LV knocks Harry off of his feet but nothing else. The Imperius
curse on Harry for 60 seconds or so would have been wonderful to help
show us the true sadistic power of Voldemort and why he is so feared by
so many wizards.To say I liked the movie is an understatement. I do hope there is a
directors cut of this movie. This is my favorite movie of the four so
far. I can only hope Mike Newell is brought back to direct Harry Potter
and the Order of the Phoenix after the job he has done with GOF.
			
I loved this movie. Though I am a greater fan of the Harry Potter books
written by J.K. Rowling, I am almost as equally excited when a new
movie comes out. I love seeing how these artists have used their
imaginations to portray the story by using different means, a screen.
Many Harry Potter fans have shown anger and disappointment towards
Warner Brothers for not making the movies like the books. They don't
realize that that would be almost impossible. Though many of us raving
fans would love a 4 hour long movie, the general public would not,
therefore resulting in the movies not making nearly as much money as
they do now.Film makers will try their best to capture the essence and mood of the
story with the imaginations they are given.Books will be books. Movies will be movies.Movies can't be books.
			
"Goblet of Fire" --- Strong Film, Very Dark at Times Those who haven't
read the books should be able to follow the film as long as they pay
careful attention.WARNING: MAJOR SPOILERS FOR ALL WHO EITHER HAVEN'T READ THE BOOK OR
SEEN THE MOVIE."Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" is the fourth installment in the
seventh-part series. It still features most of the cast from the first
three movies, including Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, Rupert Grint
as Ron Weasley and Emma Watson and Hermione Granger. Mike Newell took
the head for directing this time and Patrick Doyle provided the music,
rather than John Williams of "Star Wars" fame.The U.S. Edition of the "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" book is
754 pages long, which translates into an audiobook with a total 20
hour, 30 minute running time. With this huge length, the question on
many peoples' minds is --- were they able to successfully convert this
into a film of approximately 2 and 1/2 hours? Overall, I'd say the
answer is a resounding yes. The film features exactly those moments
that are essential to the plot, plus a few nice bonuses as well to help
to appease those that would otherwise be upset about too many cuts. The
film looks and sounds excellent and the writing, acting and directing
are superb. The tasks look great and while they're all changed or
shortened from their original book versions, they're excellent fun. The
Yule Ball is largely intact, including the tension between Ron and
Hermione. As for the tension between Harry and Ron before the first
task, it's even ratcheted up a bit --- with Ron telling Harry to "p***
off" and even an insinuation that Ron is behind the Potter Stinks,
Support Cedric Diggory --- The Real Hogwarts Champion buttons that
nearly everyone seems to be wearing. And, yes, Ralph Fiennes is truly
terrifying as the darkest wizard of all times --- Lord Voldemort.
You'll feel a thrill of dread as he revels in the pleasure he takes
from Harry's pain as he touches his scar and feel Harry's terror as he
battles for his life.Some notes on the changes and cuts --- one of the most major changes
was the presence of Barty Crouch Jr. in the scenes with Voldemort and
Wormtail. I found this an interesting choice and they worked it nicely
into the film without hurting the plot any. Another nice change was
having Neville provide Harry with the gillyweed he needs to breathe
underwater. This is especially notable because in the book, the fake
Mad Eye Moody makes such a point of the fact that Harry's pride and
independence kept him from asking Neville for help.Some great scenes that weren't cut from the movie --- Malfoy is turned
into a ferret (although this scene was altered somewhat), Harry talks
with Sirius in the Gryffindor common room fire and Myrtle helps (and
pesters) Harry in his bath.There were only a few changes and cuts that I was unhappy about. During
the Quidditch World Cup, they showed almost no actual Quidditch play at
all. While I understand that they have to keep things moving, this loss
still hurts. Another thing I think really should have been included was
Mad Eye Moody placing the Imperius curse upon Harry and then Harry
later resisting it when Lord Voldemort uses it on him (which Voldemort
doesn't in the movie.) One other complaint is that they should have
researched certain pronunciations better --- akk-i-o for "accio" and
Bo-bat-ons for "Beauxbatons" was just wrong.Finally, I'll touch on the music --- a compelling mix of traditional
instrumental themes and fun vocal pieces this time around. "The
Quidditch World Cup" contains Irish themes as well as chanting that
fully evoke the passion of this great event. The "Hogwarts March" is a
nice fun theme. "Neville's Waltz" has a very classical feeling to it,
but is also used for great humor in the film. My favorite vocal piece
is "Magic Works," a sort of ballad that plays during the closing
credits.A few critics have complained that those who haven't read the books
won't be able to follow along, but I don't think so. Sure, there are a
few things that may be confusing, but as long as you keep your eyes and
ears open, you should have no problems. And if you still have any
questions afterward, you can always search the Internet or ask a
friend.Whether you've read the books or not, see "Goblet of Fire," likely the
best film of 2005, today.
			
I loved the new Harry Potter Movie (Goblet of Fire) and this is despite
some things I didn't like or agreed with.I loved the British humour. I loved that Fred & George Weasley got more
speaking lines and were the hams the way they were in the book - they
stole the scenes they were in. I thought the director made wise
decisions with little things like Ginny having screen presence and
portraying Cedric as a favorite. The special effects were phenomenal,
almost on the same level as Peter Jackson's Wing Nut Film LOTR movies.
The dragon, (OMFG), was awesome! Goblet of Fire is easily the best eye
candy of fantastic effects of all the Potter movies. The Myrtle/Prefect
Bath scene was exactly how I imagined it as I read it the first time in
the book. Although I was disappointed to not see the other champions
fighting their dragons, the extension of Harry's battle with the dragon
was worth it. And was it just my theater or did they not show the
miniature version of that Chinese Fireball dragon? The Yule ball scene
was great. Everyone was pretty to look at. I think Dan Radcliffe does
an excellent job of being Harry Potter. The other scene that awe struck
me was the graveyard scene. Ralph Fiennes did a great job portraying
Voldemort and I thought the director showing the importance of
Voldemort being able to touch Harry was a big clue into what is to come
with the upcoming books.The things I had issues with:Mad Eye's eye needed to be more menacing. I wanted to hear him
repeatedly shout CONSTANT VIGILENCE to the students.The acting of Emma Watson. I thought she overacted her scenes.
(Although I thought her tragic scene on the stairs after the Yule Ball
was classic teenage drama). I also think all the movies so far is
portraying Hermione as being the one level headed friend Harry has, but
this is not true. The screen writer is delegating Ron as slapstick,
bitter and lazy and it just annoys me.The fact that they can't slap green contacts on Dan Radcliffe. Harry
(from the book) has green eyes and they should have changed it because
I was so reminded of Lord of the Rings when I was watching the movie -
it seems the close up shots of Dan Radcliffe was projecting Elijah
Wood's Frodo Baggins.Dumbledore being very off character from how he is portrayed in the
book.Fleur was supposed to be head-turning gorgeous. She was a beautiful
actress; they should have played up her looks.If I didn't know the book, I would be lost with the strange somewhat
emotional intense wand battle between Harry and Voldemort. And
Dumbledore's whispered priori incantatem was not good enough of an
explanation to me. Harry should have said, huh?Even though I had issues with the adapting of the book to this movie,
it is still worth watching in the theatre. There were cuts made to the
storyline that was understandable (it was a 700 page book) but I
disagree with characters and scenes they chopped, switched, and
massaged (Dumbledore, Priori Incantatem explanation). HP Goblet of Fire
has an epic fantasy feel to it that any sci-fi/fantasy fan will
appreciate. I think my favorite movie in the series so far is Prisoner
of Azkaban (for the storyline  its my favorite out of the series,
unique direction, better transition between scenes and an overall
stronger impact).
			
I had a great time watching this film. I'm always concerned that
book-to-film adaptations will lose a lot of the finer points of the
book, but that's not the case here. The writing team very nicely
trimmed the fat of the book and even enhanced it as they realized there
are six distinct acts of the narrative, and the rest is non-essential.
The only noteworthy plot "changes" are that Barty Crouch Jr appears in
the first scene, and the third task definitely changed (no cloud,
skrewt, or sphinx). No house elves either, so anything that Dobby or
Winky did was assigned to someone else. They also chopped a ton off the
introduction (gimme more Mr. Weasley!) A couple other quick complaints:
Hermione becomes a bit of a tramp (Ron, Harry, and her Ball date all
seem to be getting some) and Dumbledore displays a violent temper
(Richard Harris is sorely missed - Gambon's comments about Dumbledore
show he's not in tune with the character). The lead-up to and the Yule
Ball scene were hilarious - boys and girls are so dumb at age 14. The
new cast additions are all great: Mad-Eye Moody is magnificent, Rita
Skeeter is correctly abominable (but underused) and you can't help but
have a huge crush on Cho Chang. The tournament tasks are appropriately
breathtaking and the graveyard scene is equally creepy and exhilarating
(what a surprise, Ralph Fiennes is great). I'm thrilled they got this
one right; good luck making a movie of the 5th book.
			
I thoroughly enjoyed this awesome movie!! I am a Potter fan and the
first 3 movies dint impress me that much. But in this one, the director
had succeeded in doing justice to the book, and as he says, brought it
out as an "action epic".Barring the over-energetic, screaming Dumbledore, I liked every bit of
it. The acting from the trio (particularly Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert
Grint) has really improved, and their teenage woes are really well
brought out. Ralph Fiennes was brilliant as Lord Voldemort, but the one
who really stood out in the cast was Brendan Gleeson as Mad-Eye Moody!
I was skeptical when pictures of Moody came out before the release, but
I was compelled to change my mind after the movie.There are changes in the plot, but they settled well into the movie. A
well deserved 10/10.
			
This is one of the best movies of the series so far, The Prisoner of
Azkabhan was also incredible, I am 35 years old and as a father of an
11 year old I have seen all of the movies as soon as they come to the
theater. This is by far the best one for adult viewers and still
appeals to the young people as well. My son and I both agree that this
is the best one so far and I hope that next ones will be as good. The
movie has a tight storyline as expected and the cinematics are superb.
The only complaint I would have is that the story was cut up so much to
make it fit into the time line of the movie. If you are interested by
the movie, I would recommend reading the book to get the whole story.
As a matter of fact if you are interested by the movie and haven't done
so yet, read the stories from the beginning.
			
There was a lot of debate at the beginning of this project concerning
the options of making this two separate films, going long (there was
talk of a 3-hour film), or just trying to lump it all into one
feature-length film and be done with it. I must say, I was hoping for 2
separate films. I don't think I would have minded that sacrifice just
to have a comprehensive chapter of this saga.But before I start, let me say that all three main actors, Radcliffe,
Watson, and Grint, have grown exponentially in their talents!There were many things left out, nuances from the novel which went
unused, and whole ideas/parts of the original literary work which were
entirely ignored.SPOILERS!! Fleur was not nearly as saucy as the novel portrayed her. There was no giant spider in the labyrinth. Neither was there a sphynx; a creature I was highly anticipating, by
the way. After seeing the treatment of the hippogryph Buckbeak in the PoA, I was
certain the sphynx would be completely AWESOME. No sphynx/sphinx. And also absent was Hermione's campaign against the abuse of
house-elves known as "SPEW." And, I must add that I was a bit...disturbed by the wardrobe choice for
the Death Eaters. They were dressed as KKK members, but in dark robes
instead of white. I realize this style of dress far predates the Klan,
but in this day and age, it's the first thing to be brought to mind by
that headgear. Perhaps this is just an American phenomenon? Are the KKK
not world-wide? Or was this intentionally done to demonstrate to the
children that these are evil men?I thoroughly enjoyed Gambon's interpretation of Albus Dumbledore this
time around. He put more of himself into the part, and stopped
attempting to "do" Richard Harris's Dumbledore. While it's NOT the
Dumbledore from Rowling's work, I've come to admire his attempt in GoF. Whether by natural aging or a decent dye job, Radcliffe's hair is
darker in this installment, but oddly enough his eyes seemed to change
from blue to green, off and on again, throughout the movie. Radcliffe's
acting is maturing with him, but crying on demand seems nigh impossible
for the lad. It could be that he's led such a sheltered and/or
protected life that he's nothing upon which to draw that instantaneous
grief many actors use to perform this task.Fred (James) and George (Oliver Phelps) Weasley were suitably brought
forward, marking their positioning for Movie 5 (OotP). Although Harry
failed to hand over the gold coins won in the Tri-Wizard Tournament to
the lads to begin their business, I'm sure the next director will make
do with what set up was left for him, and find some way to incorporate
that into the next installment. It's a necessary detail, in My opinion,
which was totally left out of this chapter. It's needed, in order to
maintain the continuous storyline between the cinematic attempts.
Without that detail, there leaves a long, empty path which will remain
untrodden in upcoming theatrical events. That would be highly
disappointing.We're shown for the first time how Neville reacts to the Unforgivable
Curses, but not told why, as is appropriate. You don't learn until Book
6 (HBP) exactly WHY his reaction to Mad-Eye Moody's demonstration, was
so strong.Emma Watson (Hermione) was completely ready for this particular
treatment. She was beautiful. Quite lovely and all grown up. I know her
father must have felt SO proud to see her looking so lady-like, and
without showing even the slightest hint of too much skin.The best scene? For Me, it's a toss-up between Draco-the-white-ferret
being tossed about by Mad-Eye Moody and Harry's scenes with the
Horntail. A CNN reviewer stated that this film "tries to do too much." Well, in
my opinion, it didn't TRY, it succeeded! It started off well, ran well,
and ended well. There was not one moment of wasted film. Not one bad
cut, not one lost second. From start to finish, there was meat and
potatoes, but that's not all it gives its viewers. There are lovely
bits of wonderful pastries and a fine dessert as well.Aside from what was mentioned above, GoF was everything for which I had
hoped. As promised, the dragons were superb!!! I would have loved to
have laid eyes on the Chinese Fireball, but if you really want to see
what it looks like check out The Noble Collection, where you can also
purchase a sterling silver Time Turner!!The performances were beautifully directed, the cast was perfectly
chosen, and the only complaint I had whatsoever concerning the
performance executions was that of Fleur. Clemence Posey was the
perfect actress for that part, but for some reason, Mike Newell traded
in her sexuality and self-possession for a "girl-next-door" persona. I
don't know why he felt the need to alter that character in such a
drastic way, but it just did not achieve what he meant to achieve
unless that was to rewrite a whole new personality for one of the
principle characters in this chapter.But for book lovers everywhere, take heart. The story IS here. While
some of the details were left off due to time constraints, and some of
the lines were moved around due to contractual obligations, the meat of
the story (and there IS a LOT of story here) remains completely intact.The flying horses are so realistically layered, textured, executed, and
presented! I couldn't take my eyes off of them! They were magnificent!I can't WAIT to own this on DVD!It rates an 8.7/10 and is, by far, the best HP movie to date.Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Budget: $140M Opening 2-Day Weekend
Box Office Ticket Sales: $101M Not bad, you guys. Not bad!
			
This latest installment of the Harry Potter series is by far the best
of the series so far. The characters and the school become a much more
realistic view of adolescents and teenagers and dealing with life,
love, and relationships. Harry Potter purists will definitely find
holes in the plot, but ultimately the changes made were for the
betterment of the movie. Newell does an excellent job at limiting
changes to what was necessary to fit the time constraints, and most
Harry Potter lovers will be able to forgive him. All in all, the movie
has suspense, love, and laughs... and makes for a very entertaining
time.
			
I really hate how they make Dumbledore's character appear weak and less
"all knowing". The original Dumbledore was perfect, more like the book.
Even though a wizard as high up and smart as Dumbledore is, he still
has some fault, but he doesn't show it. He is the pillar for everyone
around him to look up to, to know what to do and to trust him b/c of
that persona. I just don't like how the actor in this movie portrays
Dumbledore. I know it's also how it's written and directed though so
it's not all on the actor. In the book, Dumbledore would have never
attacked Harry and had any doubt that Harry did not put his name in the
Goblet. He knows better! And throughout the movie it continues, his
uneasiness and concern shows too much weakness for such an intelligent
and crafty wizard.
			
What a grand movie, and what a relief that the cinematic Goblet of Fire
captured the spirit of the Potter books this time around! Unlike the
screen version of Prisoner of Azkaban, this movie "gets it" with regard
to what is and is not important. While almost all of the book's
sub-plots had to be omitted, just about everything important made it
into this film, even if the way it was included was altered slightly.
The changes were believable and the none of the essential elements of
the story were lost. I add my voice to those declaring Goblet of Fire
by far the best of the Potter movies.I don't usually comment on special effects, but it would be a crime to
ignore them in this case. I knew exactly what to expect from all the
scariest parts of the movie, but even so, I was gasping and clutching
my husband's hand during the dragon task and the graveyard scene.
Amazing stuff. I had the advantage of seeing the movie in IMAX, and it
felt like I was flying right along with Harry. If you have the
opportunity to experience the film in IMAX, do it. It will be worth
every penny. I really wanted to just buy another ticket and see it
again, right then!Excellent acting all around...Madame Maxine was not quite what I had
pictured, but she worked. The kids improve with every movie; Daniel
Radcliffe was superb in the scene immediately following the graveyard
experience. I wish that we could have seen a little more of him and
explored a bit more deeply the emotions he portrayed so well. If I have
one criticism, it would have to be with Michael Gambon's interpretation
of Dumbledore. He seems overly harsh and dictatorial, and I don't see
him building the rapport with Harry that the character requires. I
almost wonder if he has read the books. He is adequate, but Dumbledore
really needs to be exceptional.All in all, Goblet of Fire is a joy to watch. I plan to return to the
theater at least once, and I'll certainly be adding the DVD to my
collection. An absolute must-see for all Potter fans.
			
This is a simple situation of J.K. Rowling having written more than
could be squeezed into the movie. I personally was rather looking
forward to seeing the Quidditch World Cup and the full opening
ceremonies and was quite disappointed that it felt as if the first 6
chapters went by in a matter of a minute and half. More so than in any
of the earlier Harry Potter movies, you really needed to see this movie
after having read the book otherwise you may find yourself lost at
various times through out the movie.You still get the great special effects that you have come to expect
from the HP franchise of movies, and while the trio is getting older,
they still pull off a great movie and I highly recommend it to
everyone, after they read the book.
			
The Acting saved this movie. As an avid fan of the books and the
previous movies I've always had my complaints about the movies. I was
particularly concerend about this movie because there was so much
material and so many subplots that all seemed relevant that I wondered
how it would be done. I agree with the fact that making two movies
probably would have cost too much and may have ruined the series (ala
matrix) BUT there were a few key details that were integral to the next
book that were left out. Without going too much into that, its evident
that the acting of the 3 main stars has vastly improved and to be quiet
honest this movie would have failed without them. If you watch the
movie from the beginning you can see that not only have the characters
developed but so have the actors. Their working with very limited
material and they do a heck of a good job. I will not say too much of
the directing because the previous two directors took many liberties
and Mike Newell is no exception. To be quite honest I think it lived up
to my expectations and not more. If we want to go into technicality I
would give it an 8.7/10 but its just easier to round up.
			
This film is the "darker" one, with the PG13 rating. Some fans consider
this a treat and thinks of it as a better movie or something just
because a ten year old can't get in alone. But I should just start off
my review with negative feelings such as: I enjoyed the first film with
the sugarcoating that was exactly like the book. That's how it would
always feel like from here on. I'm not saying this is a good or bad
movie, yet - but I just want to make my point so people won't come and
destroy me in the middle of the review.The beginning with Voldemort and the World Cup is really rushed. It
seemed as if ten scenes were cut out and we are automatically presented
with the Dark Mark, a sign of Voldemort's. The audience is told that
"he is back." I think this film is really only for the people who read
the book. I am sure if this film was presented to someone who never
read it, they would be confuzzled in question marks. Nothing is
explained in this film. It seems as if everything was just "rushed
into." Nothing gets any development - not emotionally, physically, or
even in CGI terms.Then we get to Hogwarts - the "excitement" is about to begin. Anyway,
we find out about the Triwizard Tournament and how Hogwarts is hosting
it and how two other schools are also participating. Because of some
great magical force, someone enters Harry Potter into the dangerous
competition, even though he is below age limit and is not allowed and
the whole thing would be too dangerous for him. The sad part is that we
know everything is going to be just okay and he's going to come back
victorious. Just the scene makes the situation just too predictable.
Harry is joined by three other competitors - Viktor Krum, Fleur
Delacour, and Cedric Diggory. (sorry for any spelling errors - I'm
typing this quite fast as the moment) The four is joined in three tasks
that are all really dangerous and some might not even survive.The film runs through its twist and turns and of raging hormones and
puberty. Yeah. You heard me. Harry Potter is going through puberty.
(Yeah, that makes me laugh, too) The Yule Ball is quite interesting,
though, but that is also rushed, like some blocks of cement or
something. The romance in this film didn't really work out well for me.
I thought it was kind of pointless in a way because it was sort of
crammed into the whole plot with the Triwizard Tournament. A scene in
the Yule Ball I would like to mention is when the students starts
partying like they are in some 80's teen flick. That felt rather ...
strange. The whole idea just didn't fit in well. But it was really -
interesting.Anyway, the movie goes on and on. There are some parts where it
shouldn't be rushed but they rushed it. There are some parts that
should be over ASAP, but it doesn't work that way. It just took
forever.Near the end, Voldemort rises from the caulderon. Do you know what's
missing? THE SPEECH! He doesn't give a speech. He rises, and he talks
to the Death Eaters (aka, the KKK - at least they looked like them -
only with Halloween masks) a bit and then suddenly he feels like
attacking Harry. If you haven't seen the film yet and is eager to see
how Voldemort looks in full-form instead of the trailer one that shows
him as something that looks like a ball of wax, think: Ralph Fiennes
with AIDS and a bad nose job.Now, the performances. I really liked Brendan Gleeson and Miranda
Richardson in their roles. They were excellent comic relief and they
really kind of "saved" the film in a way. The trio is okay, though. Not
spectacular or anything, but okay. I really though Emma Watson is going
to become the better performer, but now she kind of just levels with
Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint, which kind of disappoints me because
since Sorcerer's Stone, she kind of was the leader of the pack and was
really good at it, but now she just kind of "floats" in the role and is
slowly fading. Whenever I see Michael Gambon as Dumbledore, I feel that
I really miss Richard Harris. I thought Harris made a better
Dumbledore. The supporting cast is still great, with Maggie Smith and
Alan Rickman, which really makes the film shine. Ralph Fiennes makes a
"believable" Voldemort. Not a great one, but acceptable, I guess - but
dude, you can do better than that! I wished he had more screen time,
really.As much complaints I have about this film, I thought it kept me
entertained. Mike Newell isn't the kind of director that lets emotions
run through or lets everything go. The scenes felt tight and awkward at
times and their real smiles seems fake and at times, the actors seem
clueless. I'm not thrilled about his HP directorial debut and I'm not
looking forward for him to make another Potter film. This film is OK.
Just so. It had good performances that kept me going and the classic
British humor that made me chuckle. It was enjoyable and fun and I
don't really have anything to say. I just have to remind myself not to
sweat the small stuff because this is really not that bad of a film.
And I'm sure the PG13 rating doesn't stop little kids all over the
world from watching this film.And what happened to Hermione's SPEW? My rating: B (85%) - yeah. out of
100% (8/10 for IMDb because on IMDb I rate movies on how entertained I
was, not by the quality)
			
It is the best Harry Potter movie until now!I loved it and i want to
see it again!Sure i'll buy it!It's better than the third one,who was
cut everywhere,so some important events were not in the movie.The only
thing i didn't really like was the beginning.It's rushed and many parts
are not there,but we kind of forget this as the movie continues. The
actors are excellent!All the young ones all improved very well,they are
far better than the first movie!Fred and George are funny as usual(I
like them,always make me laugh)I really like the part when Harry and
Ron keep talking with each other,well i like all that part,it was
funny^^...the adults were good too^^but,like it says in another
comment,i found Dumbledore weird.The way he talks to Harry and when
this one comes back from the graveyard,it's as if he was yelling at
Harry to get up and he shook him.It's as if he lost his
patience.Well,probably it's done on purpose but,still a strange
Dumbledore. I don't think he would act that way but it's only a
book,not reality^^'Still the movie was good. Maybe the young
child,under 8 years old,should not see it,there're some parts that they
could find scary(like the part in the graveyard)If you don't know what
to see at the theaters,well that's a good movie!
			
Let's start off by saying it is not the book. No movie ever will be
able to contain all of the glory and wonder of a book, particularly
J.K. Rowling's wonderful literary gems. What is managed in the movie,
and I would say more so in this than the previous three, is all of the
essences of the story are present, even if a great deal of the text is
cut.This has by far the most perfect special effects that have been seen in
the industry thus far. The dragon scene is much longer than in the
book, granted, but I could have sat and watched only that for an hour.
It was beautiful. The Dark Mark is awe-inspiring, and for once, when a
person is made into a CGI creation, they actually still look like a
person.The acting is brilliant, as the three kids have become marvelous young
actors. Rupert Grint has finally learned to stay in a scene when he is
not speaking, and Emma Watson has gained a mastery over high emotion.
The additions of Miranda Richardson, Frances De La Tour, Brendan
Gleeson, and David Tennant (The new Doctor Who) were fantastic. Mad-Eye
Moody may not be what you expected, but he grows on you after his
teaching scene. Rita Skeeter is exactly like the book portrays her, but
unfortunately her character does not get the resolution of the book. I
would say she is still a valuable addition, and I am glad they kept her
in. Madame Maxime is perfectly gigantic, and was amazing to boot. As
for Michael Gambon, it is not his fault that he is not Richard Harris,
and if you are still expecting that you will not get it. His Dumbledore
is different, and I would use the word edgy. The thing to take into
account with his actions is indeed that the times are getting dark, and
he has a great deal on his plate.As for problems with discrepancies in the book, here is my one big
spoiler: neither Winky, nor Dobby was in this movie. I know the
reaction, "How is the plot possible then?" Simply trust me in saying
that it works despite their absences. I was as upset as anyone about
their lack of appearance, but the movie works very smoothly anyway.You will see that a great deal has been cut, and for that I cannot
bring myself to give it a prefect score, but I believe it is by far the
best of the movies, and I look forward to seeing it again.Also, if you have the opportunity, go see it in IMAX, it is
unbelievable.
			
I am a very big harry potter fan and i must admit I'm not much into the
movies, although I really enjoyed the 3rd one. I was really hoping to
see something fantastic in this movie, because it had the story of the
fourth book, which is in my opinion the ultimate one from the series.
but I was disappointed to the maximum!!!! why?? because it's nothing
like the 4th book!!!!!!!! for god's sake, even Hermione's dress was
pink when it was blue in the book! they just took the major and general
lines of the story, like harry, Hogwarts, the Triwizard Tournament,
Durmastrang & Beauxbatons, 3 challenges, Cedric dead and Voldy comes
back! and that's about it!!it goes much too quickly from one action,
one bump in the road to another and for those who haven't read the
books, it will be awfully hard to understand something! I didn't even
notice when i was standing in front of the first task! it all happened
too fast!things are totally different and they didn't follow the book
AT ALL!!!! after stating so many times that they tried to be loyal to
the book, i thought they really had been....well...i was wrong! i have
2 major discontents that bugged me through the movie!!1. Ludo Bagman
doesn't appear at all....and he was a rather charming and important
character in the book. 2. Michael Gambon does a poor, a very poor
job....he didn't understand Dumbledore's character at all! Dumbledore
is supposed to be calm, rational, not impulsive and yelling at students
that Cedric is dead or to harry whether he put his name in the goblet
of fire! and Dumbledore is surely not supposed to be this wacko genius
who sits on the floor and talks to harry about very important stuff!
god...if that was indeed Dumbledore in the book, i would've been happy
when he died in the 6th one!!! But it's not!!!! Dumbledore is the
guardian, the best wizard alive, the only one who can protect harry
against Voldy and he shouldn't be yelling or spitting life theories on
the floor!! i hate Michael Gambon for transforming the character into
such a loser, literally, i wish they had a chosen another actor! so, as
a conclusion, you should go to the cinema and see it, but don't have
high expectations, like i did! it will only get you down ever worse!
			
In reading this review, do not misunderstand: I loved the movie; but
only as such: a movie. I did not love it as an adaptation. The whole of
this movie was not a true adaptation; Great elements were left
non-existent: The Weasley twins, Fred and George, and Mr. Weasley,
arriving by Floo Network, and giving Dudley suspicious candy that has a
nasty reaction (in Dudley and his parents point of view)on Dudley. In
my opinion of the scene, it is hilarious, which adds to my
disappointment; this was something that saddened me, to see that this
was not in the film: I was anticipating this scene, among others, to be
in the film, and found that they were not. The biggest mistake (and I
cannot fathom how it could be overlooked), was the Tri-Wizard
tournament winnings: They are, in the book, to be given to two
particular members of the Weasley family (Fred and George) and this was
not within the film; to someone who has not read the books, but has
only seen the film, it would seem that this isn't a big deal, but it
most certainly is: These winnings are what fund the twins' future
endeavor, and should have been placed in the film. Why is it that
something so short could not be placed in the film, like the Dursley's
scene, yet we have an escaped dragon, and a lengthy battle, when this
does not happen in the books, yet no simple scenes that really did
exist in the books? I was OK with the idea that the Quidditch World Cup
was short as is was--at least it was there at all-- but some things
should not be omitted, and this should have been two movies. For once,
I would like someone to step up, and say "no more cuts for adaptation.
Everything stays." As a film, I love it.. please understand that; The
movie is great, I enjoyed it. I am merely disappointed in yet another
adaptation left somewhat dry.
			
I'll admit, I was a bit nervous going into the release of this movie.
While I have loved all the Harry Potter movies thus far, I was slightly
disappointed with the third movie (which accounted to my slight nerves
with this movie). However, I was happily mistaken in my assumptions. As
soon as this movie began, I realized how wrong I was.The visual effects throughout the entire movie were seamless and
impressive. The casting was phenomenal--I was thoroughly impressed with
the choices for the characters of Fleur, Krum, Cedric, and Rita Skeeter
(she turned out exactly as I pictured her while reading the books).Going into the movie I was also a bit nervous about how the movie was
going to turn out, as there was a new composer for the soundtrack for
this movie, but I was proved wrong for that as well. The music was
absolutely amazing! On top of all that, the costumes were, as usual,
amazing, as was the makeup. Overall, this movie beat out the other
three by a landslide and I can't wait for the fifth!
			
Well, the film that has the potential to be the biggest blockbuster of
the year has arrived. The fourth installment of the "Harry Potter"
franchise has made it to the big screen. "The Goblet of Fire" opened
across the United States on November 19 to very eager audiences. Making
over 100 million dollars at the box office in just three days, it has
easily claimed the fourth spot on the best opening weekend list."The Goblet of Fire" begins just as the book, in the Riddle house,
where Voldemort and two of his more devout minions are plotting the
untimely death of the one and only Harry Potter. The dark tone of this
film is set right away, when Voldemort welcomes, the eavesdropping
muggle caretaker, by way of an unforgivable curse. With a death in the
first five minutes, it is clear that the films, like the books, are
becoming more grim with each sequel. Far away, Harry awakes in the comfort of the Weasley home, his scar in
searing pain. Hermione has just arrived. After a very brief greeting,
Harry and the gang depart for the Quidditch World Cup via portkey (an
enchanted item, in this case a shoe, that transports those who come in
physical contact with it to a predetermined location). For anybody who
hasn't read the book, it would be wise to remember what a portkey is.Unfortunately, the Quidditch World Cup is cut short due to a fierce
attack by Voldemort's followers who are known as "Death Eaters" and
before you can say "you know who" Harry, Ron and Hermione arrive at
Hogwarts for their most eventful year yet! Almost immediately, the
students are informed that this will not be an ordinary year (is it
ever?) for Hogwarts will be host to the Triwizard Tournament (think
olympics meets magic). The tournament consists of a series of three
potentially fatal tasks, each designed to challenge the participants
endurance and skill. Traditionally there are three champions, one from
each of three magical schools, but in a mysterious twist Harry's name
is spit out of the Goblet of Fire as the fourth contestant to compete
for "eternal glory." After a heated debate, it is decided for Harry
that he must compete. As the year progresses, the four contestants are
pushed to their limits as they struggle to retrieve a golden egg from a
fire breathing dragon, save their friends from a watery grave and
navigate through a perplexing labyrinth.As Harry fights for his life, he must also deal with his peers who have
largely abandoned him in support of the other Hogwarts Champion, Cedric
Diggory. Jealousy has even turned his best friend, Ron against him.
Tension runs high as the story culminates to a climactic showdown with
Voldemort, who is more than willing to finish what he started nearly
fourteen years before. "After tonight no will ever again question my
powers. After tonight they will only remember how you begged for death,
and I, being a merciful lord, obliged."As usual, the special effects are topnotch, but it is how they are put
to use that makes them great. They never overpower the real story,
which is that of Harry and his two closest friends. Daniel Radliffe
(Harry), Emma Watson (Hermione) and Rupert Grint (Ron) have matured
both as young adults and actors with each successive film. It is
undoubtedly a great asset to the franchise that the studio has not
recast the main roles as originally planned.The Director, Mike Newell did a fair job in going from "Mona Lisa
Smile" to this big budget blockbuster. This is also the man you can
thank for convincing the studio not to release "Goblet of Fire" (a 734
page book) as two separate films as originally planned. His argument
was that he could cut enough of the book's bulky subplots to make an
effective film. I think two separate films would have been a complete
travesty, but my biggest problem with this film is it's pacing. It is
unbelievably rushed and the elimination of several subplots has a
negative effect on the overall story. Film 4 is great if you have not
read the book, but it's hard not to be a little disappointed if you
have. Dobby, S.P.E.W., the giant spider in the maze, and the invisible
stair are just a few things fans of the books may miss. Granted, the
movie is 2 hours and 37 minutes, but SO much happens so quickly, that I
can imagine those who haven't read the book getting lost easily. It
strikes me as odd that the studio felt they had to rush the film as
they did. I'm sick of guaranteed blockbusters like this and "Star Wars"
playing it so safe. They need to pull all the stops, if it take three
hours to tell the story the way it was meant to be told, than so be it.
It's surprising how much studios will still fight to keep running time
down even though giants like "Titanic" and "Return of the King"
currently reside atop the all-time box office. There should be no time
limit on a good story.Despite the rapidity, several scenes (most of which I can't discuss)
were executed flawlessly. One in particular was the ending which is the
first of the Potter films to satisfy me (I hate the firebolt freeze
frame of film 3 with a burning passion). This is by far the most
exciting adventure Harry Potter has gone on yet and it earns it's PG-13
rating (at least by MPAA standards). I certainly hope this pleases most
fans because it has to tide you over all the way until 2007 when "The
Order of the Phoenix" is scheduled to be released with "The Half Blood
Price" to follow a year later and the untitled film 7 expected to
conclude the story in 2010. 8.8/10 (3  /4) stars
			
HARRY POTTER & THE GOBLET OF FIRE I have found these films to be enjoyable ever since THE SORCERER'S
STONE, and yet I still continue to be surprised by how much they are
able to continually strengthen the visual style, and tighten up the
books in more appropriately cinematic ways with each passing film.
GOBLET OF FIRE is superior to the earlier works and yet it still fits
in very well with the preceding films.The film is a visual feast. The Quidditch match in the very beginning
is beautifully portrayed, and Newell handles every elaborate sequence
(virtually every round of the tournament, though especially the
underwater segment in my eyes) with a confident, and selective eye.However, what was most incredible to me was the way that Newell managed
to take something as simple as a boot (the turnkey) in the very
beginning, and make it my favorite image in the movie. As the camera
chases the Weasleys, Potter, and Hermoine up the hill rolling through
the grass towards a beautiful sunset... only to finish the shot on a
tattered shoe. It captures perfectly how magical Potter's world is, yet
also how simple.The screenwriter deserves massive amounts of respect for condensing the
book in a major way (and I loved the book when I read it 3 years
ago)... however, he never loses the central theme of the novel or it's
main narrative drive (having not read the book for a while and not
remembering the specifics, I barely noticed anything missing b/c I was
kept so involved). He also manages to balance out the dark/tragic
elements in the end with the lighthearted innocence of children in
school perfectly, never does one tone feel detrimental to the other.The adult performers always manage to do strong work with their small
roles. I still view Watson, Grint, and Radcliffe as less then stellar
actors... in every film I feel like I am watching them mimic EXACTLY
what the director had to INSTRUCT them to do (I just don't feel like
they really live and breath the characters, I always see a wheel
turning). But, they look the parts, are enjoyable to watch, and I think
they continue to slightly improve in each film.In the end though, this isn't a film that I go to in order to admire
the performances. It is a popcorn flick, however one done with a lot of
artistry. The plot developments are exciting, the characters are
amusing, the imagery is beautiful, the action sequences thrilling, and
the story engrossing.Highly entertaining... and the best POTTER film so far.... A- ...
			
Coming at the exact center of a seven-book series, "Harry Potter and
the Goblet of Fire" represents a turning point for both its hero and
Rowling's writing in general. Harry's youthful innocence is replaced by
the moody complexities of adolescence, even as his arch-nemesis Lord
Voldemort transforms from a vague, shadowy threat to a very real evil
presence in the wizarding world. The moral issues hinted at in
"Prisoner of Azkaban" become even more prominent: good people die,
heroes are flawed, and even the saintly Dumbledore proves to be only
human. The film version of "Goblet of Fire" reflects this, and, like
all movies that capture the essence of its source material, is a
delight to behold.Mind you, when I say "essence," I mean the underlying thematic
material, not strict adherence to the written text. Weighing in at
700-plus pages, "Goblet of Fire" would be impossible to render
completely faithfully on film, even if one were allotted double the two
and a half hour running time of the finished product. Screenwriter
Steven Kloves has his most difficult assignment to date, taking the
story down to its essentials while still maintaining a sense of
dramatic coherency. Several plot points and sidebars have been
condensed, shifted, or left out entirely, which will no doubt irritate
the more adamant purists. But if you're willing to give Kloves and
director Mike Newell the benefit of the doubt, "Goblet of Fire" works
wonders.It works because, like last year's "Prisoner of Azkaban," the movie is
true to what really drives Rowling's series: the coming-of-age of its
title character. Harry (Daniel Radcliffe, giving his best performance
of the character yet) may be surrounded by magical creatures, eccentric
supporting players, and mighty portents, but for all that he remains a
growing and often confused boy who doesn't quite know how to talk to
girls and is more than a little embarrassed by all the attention he
receives. Take, for example, the sequence where Harry is selected to
compete in an inter-school competition known as the Triwizard
Tournament, despite the facts that a) Harry is three years too young to
compete and b) Hogwarts already has its official representative. That
dirty work is afoot is obvious to Harry, Dumbledore, and the audience,
but everyone else believes Harry must have cheated to get into the
tournament, even his best friend Ron. So Harry walks down the school
corridors alone, trying to ignore the virtual hail of insults and
slights from his classmates. Anyone who's dealt with the short end of
the teenage social order knows his pain.Of course, the eccentric supporting players and big set pieces are
still in abundance. With each installment, the Hogwarts roster becomes
a little more crowded, and it's remarkable that the movie has room for
as many cast members as he has. The majority of the returning and new
adult playersMaggie Smith, Alan Rickman, Jason Isaacs, Timothy Spall,
Miranda Richardson, and David Tennant among themare limited to short
bursts of screen time but make the most of what they have, as if trying
to prove that old adage about small parts vs. small actors. Brendan
Gleeson, as a mysterious and slightly disturbing new addition to the
faculty, gets a bit more to do and enjoys himself doing it. Newell
delivers on the story's key sequences: a Quidditch World Cup that looks
like the Super Bowl crossed with the biggest SCA event on record,
encounters with a dragon and merpeople, Hogwarts' first school dance,
an enormous hedge maze that would make the Goblin King in "Labyrinth"
weep with envy, and Harry's confrontation in a graveyard with the newly
emerged Voldemort (Ralph Finnes, whose elegant malevolence calls to
mind Emperor Palpatine in the "Star Wars" movies).The movie stumbles a bit at the end, where things wrap up too quickly
and some set-up for the next installment is left out. But its hard to
complainthe film of "Goblet of Fire" is everything the Harry Potter
books are at their best: exciting, humorous, heart-tugging, and
magical.
			
Wow, I loved the movie! It was so exciting and a real feat in terms of
condensing things but making it still understandable to the audience.
And I was thinking, yes! that was how Rowling should have done the
book. The book contained a lot of flab-- it takes them how many pages
to get to Hogwarts? As happens when a writer (director or anyone else)
gets so successful they feel they don't have to listen to an editor.
The Harry Potter and Cho thing was actually done much more believably
in the movie. Lots of people told me the movie was really dark and
scary but I actually think the last one was more disturbing with the
Dementors. I actually found the filmed scene of the graveyard part not
as disturbing as it was in the book. In the book Voldemort comes off as
this gross bloody fetus thing and Wormtail hacking his arm off...I
liked how it was down in a fairly non-freaky way in the movie. I still
think Rowling kind of has trouble making the love stuff not come off
clich in the Potter books. I think Mike Newell did an excellent job
with the actors. I've been keeping my eye on him since his early BBC
stuff and he seems to strike the perfect balance in tone with the movie
that I think works really well. Alan Rickman was absolute perfection as
always of course! Loved the bathtub scene...heheh something for the
girls at last and all the inuendo and humor. Definitely captured the
humor of the books. (Too bad that element has been getting a little
lost of late). The dark mark thing-- I always thought it would look
more like a brand than a tattoo. The maze could have been cooler as
well.
			
After the third movie, I thought the fourth won't match up to it. But,
lo and behold, it was, in my opinion, the best Harry Potter adaptation
yet. It was faithful to the text most of the time, which is great
because it gives the other people (who haven't read the book) the
opportunity to watch and understand it based on the real story. It is
fantastic how the movie people were able to add humor and romance to
it. The visual effects were AWESOME. I, as a reader, couldn't imagine
it any less than the effects they showed on screen. It was a little
disappointing, though, that the Quidditch World Cup wasn't shown fully.
But the presentation of the leprechauns (of the Ireland team) was
enchanting! (too bad they weren't able to show the performance of the
veelas). I was also a bit sad that they didn't show Bagman and all the
other important characters (like Dobby and Winky) although I commend
the cast for their excellent acting. They are indeed growing up
(Radcliffe, Watson, Grint, and the others) however they still are the
perfect actors for the characters of Harry, Hermione and Ron. No one
can do it like they can. Cheers to another great Harry Potter movie!
Hats off to the actors and to the people who worked behind the scenes,
you've done a marvelous job. Overall, it was a movie definitely worth
watching and would be an outrage to miss.
			
Just seen the film & thought i had to write a short comment about itWith out spoiling the film too much for those who haven't seen it. Do
not read to book before you go & see it, I thought i would refresh my
memory by reading the book a couple of days leading up to watching the
film. This is fine all the main part are in the film but as its 2hours
& 40 mins long i guess they had to cut out a couple of story lines & re
gig some scenes so the film would make sense. Like many people now I
have sat through all the L.O.T.Rings too which were a lot longer than
that. I would have preferred if they had put in an extra 40 mins & got
the missing story lines in the film. Everything else visually about the
film was Fantastic. Great & Believable special effects, Shame it wasn't
a bit longer:)(Spoiler coming up) Did the writers not read the book there was a
character called "Ludo Bagman" in it & where was Molly Weasley??? What
happened to Rita Skita,Sirius Black (3 mins) & there was not one house
elf in the film. Worst of all Idon't remember( & correct me if I'm
wrong here) One mention about the Longbottoms being tortured, Which is,
(If you have read all the books)a crucial part of the story line.
Lastly what happened to the awaited challenges in the third task?
Bogarts,Spinx's, Giant spiders. Disappointing not to see them at least
rather than a psychotic hedge?OK Gripe over The film was fantastic, Funny, exciting & moved along
swiftly. Keeping to the main points of the book based around the Tri
Wizzard tournament. Dealing with adolescence & some fantastic acting by
all involved. Faces new & old all played their characters to the point
that JK would be proud. Even Mad eye Moody was convincing though I
expected more of a grizzly version of a "Rif Raf" rocky horror cum
Richard OBrien type character. The World cup was excellently stunning
visually but no match to watch for us quidditch fans. Overall I give
this Film 9/10 as the only thing that let it down was the missing bits
from the 2nd best book of the series. (I hope film 5 will be more in
keeping with the book.) Note to Warner Bros' Please try to make the next one a little more like
the book.Its disappointing when JK goes through all that trouble to
build a scene in your head & you wonder how will they do that or what
will that look like in the film only for it not to happen. Lets see
those house elf's in the directors cut eh?Thanks in advance.
			
Like many others who have left their comments here, I feel this is the
best Harry Potter treatment to date.Although fantastic to an HP fan, I suspect that anyone NOT familiar
with the HP world may find it confusing. It does jump around quite a
bit and (I suspect) we are encouraged to fill in the gaps from our
knowledge of the books.OK. With that (very) small gripe out of the way I can only say what I
brilliant job all have done with this movie. The methods used to show
the beginning of Ron's feelings for Hermione were great (of course we
can thank the source material here, JK wrote it that way). Also
Hermione looked pretty fab too - Emma Watson really is starting to grow
up all at once.Special effects? Yep they were there but not once did I feel like
saying 'wow, what a great effect'. Basically all the effects were in
the right place and only served to enhance the movie proper.Yes, the film was long (2.5 hours) but then consider that the book was
3/4 the length of The Lord of the Rings trilogy and that it took Peter
Jackson 3 movies to cover that ground (leaving out a similar amount to
that left out of Goblet of Fire in the bargain) and I think you'll see
why I rate this the best HP yet.If you haven't seen it, then do so.If you haven't seen the others, then where have you been???? If you
haven't read the books then do so (although Order of the Phoenix was
very long and dragged a bit in places compared to the rest).Everyone loves HP (it seems) and the reason is obvious - Everything
about HP and the HP universe smacks of magic!
			
This one is undoubtedly The Best Harry Potter Movie. Director Mike
Newell has done a great job in adding all the essential parts of the
movie and crammed a 600 plus page novel into a 2 and a half hour movie.
You really don't feel that anything is missing,cause you will be so
much engrossed in the movie that you will not even realise what they
left out. The chemistry between the main characters is brilliant, you
can feel the ups and downs of the friendship between Harry and Ron, and
also Ron and Hermioni. This is an "edge of your seat" movie. Its got
great special effects, awesome story line(obviously)and all this just
makes the movie....simply the best in the Harry Potter series.
			
The reason why I think Goblet of Fire is the best out of all the Harry
Potter movies is because it's the most exciting, action-packed, darker,
suspenseful or even romantic. One of the things I loved about it was that it was the one with the
most new characters: Victor Krum, Cedric Diggory, Fleur Declour, Rita
Skeeter, Cho Chang, Mad-Eye Moody, the Patil twins, Barty Crouch Sr.,
Barty Crouch Jr.. They also did a really great job on the Tri-Wizard
Tournament. The tasks were so action packed and fantastic. My favourite
character in this one is Mad Eye Moody. Brendan Gleeson was so great as
him. And he's probably one of my favourite actors from my country. Another thing I really liked about the first touch of romance in it.
There were a lot of fine girls in this film: Hermione Granger, Cho
Chang, Fleur Declour and the Patil twins. One of my favourite scenes
was the Yule Ball. Emma Watson (Hermione Granger) looked so beautiful
in this scene! One of the biggest things about this film is the return
of Lord Voldemort. I just loved all the special effects and magic and
how organised the plot is. The Harry Potter books and films really
inspire me to become an writer myself. Also, happy birthday to the very
talented and beautiful Emma Watson!
			
I am a serious HP fan, and love the books. When I first went and saw
this movie, I was very happy. The filming was beautiful. I love the
part with the dragon. I also really enjoyed the whole mermaid scene.
Even though it was a little rushed, It had some of my favorite parts. I
really enjoyed the scenes with all of the new characters, and love the
way Ron got all jealous. I just can't wait for the other movies, and i
really cant wait for the 6th. Also, very great acting on this film. The
only part I found a little odd was, the person they cast as Krum. At
first, i thought he would never do, but, he surprised me with an
amazing job. I also love the choice for Cho, Chang!!!! 9/10
			
I felt that this movie was an excellent adaptation to the book, and by
far the best HP yet. I was disappointed on some minor levels, but only
because i am a die hard Harry Potter book fan. I felt that the writers
did an excellent job in taking a 700 or so page book and turning it
into a 2 and a half hour film. Though for many this may have been long,
I was shocked at how short it was. It really kept you on the edge of
your seat, never a dull moment...ever. I thought that acting was the
best it ever has and that the actors themselves had made the film much
easier to watch as a whole. In some of the previous films, there were
some teeth grinding moments but in this one the acting was by far much
smoother. Over all I loved the film and it is one of my personal
favorites for 2005.
			
i thought it was a very good movie which i enjoyed a lot. and i liked
how it was very clear in what was going on and all the mysterious
things that make people are supposed to think about stay mysterious
until the end when everything unwinds. i was very shocked when i saw
Cedric Diggory die so quickly, i honestly didn't think that there would
be a twist so sad and unexpected. it almost made me cry when i saw
Cedric Diggory's dad run to the body and started crying and harry
wouldn't let go. the only downside the the harry potter series is that
in the books harry is cool and not so weired about everything but in
the movies they make him look like a nerd with geeky friends. but
overall i like it all and enjoy watching the movies and reading the
books.
			
It was very good, it was brilliant, but it was a little undeveloped and
a little rushed. Well, it is a very long book, so they had to pile a
lot in. I understand. They did'nt want to make two films, but I
would'nt have minded though. They could have done it, but they did'nt.
Plus they did'nt let all new characters developed completely. So that's
what I mean by "undeveloped" and "rushed".But what I mean by "very good" and "brilliant" is that it really "was"
a good film--you know it, too. I liked it because it was finally "The
Goblet Of Fire". Finally this book was turned into a film, finally. The
book was my favorite (okay, I did'nt read it, my brother told me
"everything" about it when "he" read it). Yes, yes it was rushed and
all but I really really liked it. So that what The Goblet Of Fire looks
like as a film, hah. I wonder if J.K. Rowling would have liked it, well
you don't know what you don't know. Even though the new characters of
this film were'nt exactly developed, the actors and actresses did a
very good job, every one of them.So do I recommend this film for you? Yes, yes I do. Because if you see
one "Harry Potter", you'll have to see them all. And plus this one is
probably the most important of all of them so far. Yep, yes it is. So
you ought to see it, people, even though it is a little "undeveloped"
and "rushed". It is still a brilliant film.
			
This review will be divided into two parts: the first part is a review
of the movie as a standalone film (not based on a book) and the second
part will refer to the book. So here we go:Before watching this film, I was concerned. I thought (and I am sure
others agree) that the second movie (Harry Potter and the Chamber of
Secrets) was the best of the three Harry Potter movies, with a balanced
mix of loyalty to the book, a great story, great acting and a set of
visual effects that set some standards. I was worried that this would
go down, like the third movie (Harry Potter and the Prizoner of
Azkaban) as a rushed and seemingly unfinished adventure film. After
watching Harry Potter's fourth adventure, all I can say is that it is a
no contest. It is, fortunately, the best Harry Potter film to date, and
that is saying something.The movie tells the story of Harry Potter's fourth adventure. First of
all, it must be said that there are three things that the movie does
almost perfectly (note that "almost" does not mean that I found them
lacking in some respect, but this word is mentioned because of the
argument that nothing is "absolutely perfect"). The first of these, and
the most obvious as well, is the sheer scope of the film. I say it
without any hesitation that the quality of the audio and visual effects
can rival any of Peter Jackson's best films (I mean, of course, the
Lord of the Rings trilogy) in that manner. It even gives all the Matrix
films some good competition in the same aspect. Every single audio and
visual effect was nothing short of stunning; from the Quidditch stadium
to the lake in the Second Task, nothing failed to impress.The second thing that the movie "perfects" is the mood. I found it
difficult not to feel for the characters in their different situations.
I went through so many emotions during the film; suspense, happiness,
sadness and other different emotions. It was really strange. There were
so many different situations, but you never feel that they are randomly
placed just for variety, but they rather all fit in together to make up
the content of the film. Each part of the plot, whether it is the
somebody's death (one particular bit near the end of the movie is
really surprisingly sad) or the rejoicing of a character, has its
place. I also must say that Ron Weasly was extremely well-played by
Rupert Grint. The best role I've seen played in a film. Ever.The third thing that the movie does very well is the story. One of the
people that came with me told me that the ending was expected: Harry
Potter will win the tournament. Well, this part is true, but the
Triwizard Tournament is not the main event. The main story is Voldemort
gradually returning to power, and the events of this are supported by
the Triwizard Tournament. I mean to say that the main story is
"cleverly disguised" by the Triwizard Tournament, which appears to be
the main event in the film, and the Tournament "pushes" the events of
the gradual return of Voldemort to power. So, this is an impressive
element in the film.It is true that the prologue is rather brief and the events may seem
lacking in a few parts, but that can be easily overlooked because of
the many high-quality aspects in the film.Now for the second part of my review. It is obvious that those who read
the book are put at an advantage here. There were many events that were
unfortunately excluded. The Quidditch World Cup Final match would have
been nice to see. The Sphinx in the Third Task; where was that? I
thought that the Third Task was ruined in the film. The maze isn't that
big. Also, for a maze this big, you would expect more traps than bushes
that close in on you! You might understand that some parts may have
been deleted since this is a film, and not everything from the book may
be included, but then you see that there is some sort of biting
licorice? Where did that come from? Also, the battle with the Horntail
is unnecessarily long. Harry and the dragon did not go around the
school in the manner portrayed in the film. It was a simple process of
ascending really high and then swooping down to grab the golden egg,
which I am sure that the movie makers (seeing the other effects in the
film) are able to make more exciting than it sounds. If the movie was
made one half of an hour longer, many more things could have been
added, such as Harry's stay in the Burrow at the beginning of the
story, or even some more of the lessons.Another thing must be pointed out: not all of the characters were
portrayed in the movie in the same way in which they were portrayed in
the book. Fleur, who is supposed to be snobbish, is rather a naive girl
in the film. Mad-Eye Moddy seems to be clumsier and more of an
occasional joker in the film, while he is portrayed, in the book, an
impressive character. Cedric was portrayed,in the book, as a collected
character, not one who spreads shrewd smiles around.Still, the movie gets the main plot and the story right, and that is
mainly what really matters. And while the movie was amazing, I admit it
could have been more. Still, it is an impressive accomplishment.Rating: 9/10 Watch It!Assalamu 3alaikum
			
Very good movie... Much more Gothic than the other three... however the
book was very dark as well...Can't wait to see what happens in the next movie as for screenplay and
the "growing" teens...They followed the novel quite well considering that they only made one
film out of about a 600 page novel...It was up to par with what I was expecting and better...The acting was great, Rupert did a fantastic job, whereas Daniel...
well lets just say it seemed a little less realistic in some scenes...It was a fine film, mind you a little scary for the young ones...Overall well done... Can't wait to own it in my collection...Spunkey
			
Very Phony NewsHarry Potter and The Goblet of Fire is a surprisingly charming and
refreshing interpretation of the continuing misadventures of our young
heroes at the dysfunctional school of Hogwarts. It begins naturally at
the Quidditch Cup, an ongoing source of weird games. Before the players
get to play very many games, they receive unexpected guests that would
never win a fashion contest. Dumbledore? Best to cut it there!Despite our best efforts, they return to Hogwarts were Mr. Goblet
selects Harry Potter a.k.a Daniel R. a.k.a cheater to the Tri wizard
Tournament??? Blah blah blah. Blah blah blah. There is one segment of
the story that is totally gay! Don't worry, you can't miss it. Potter
et al (Emma W.) (Rupert G.) have a very challenging time. At last, our
troubled if misunderstood friend Voldermort returns.Overall, the movie is a substantial improvement over the last. Better
acting; better directing, and the rest. For that, it is a 9/10.
			
Unfortunately, Harry Potter and the Globet of Fire is a very long book,
too long to adapt it and make a movie that has all the trama that the
book has. The people that has read the book knows that Dobby, the house
elf, also appears on this movie. There are also other characters that
appear on the book, and were not mentioned, like Winky, that is another
house elf. But the movie in general was a very nice adaptation from the
book.I can say that it's better adapted that the last movie, The
Prisoner of Azkaban. Daniel Radcliffe keeps doing better and better,
and so being richer and richer. His actuation is the best of the movie.
I hope the fifth movie (The Order of the Phoenix) will be much better,
and I would also like Sirius to appear a little more in the movie.
			
This movie is the best Harry Potter movie yet. As I watched this film
and had already watched Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban I
could see how truly awful the first and second movies were. The best
decision the producers have made was to pull Chris Colombus out of the
directors chair, it has become less for children and more for all ages.
I was extremely disappointed when I saw Harry Potter and the
Philosipher Stone because the setting was all wrong, Hogwarts was all
the sudden on a field but not in the mountains.The third movie was very artistic and dark, while this movie was very
funny and I loved the tension that was between Krum and Hermione and I
think one of the most memorable lines in that movie that will stick
with me forever was when they were getting ready to battle the dragons
and Krum says to Rita Skeeter "This tent is for champions and friends".
One of my favorite scenes was when people were putting their names in
the goblet and Fred and George come with the age potions and it
backfires. I found this movie being faithful to the book though they
cut out a lot of scenes but that was very understandable, that was why
I was so happy to see my favorite part of the book in the movie and
that was when Fred asked Angelina to the Yule Ball.Talking about the Yule Ball, it was gorgeous it was nothing like I
expected it was actually better. The Band was funny, Ron and Harry were
sitting by their table with their incredibly annoyed dates, while
Hermione was in the clouds of happiness.The movies are a little rushed I'll admit but I think it is only better
that like the third and fourth remained faithful to the books instead
of trying it to make sense to the audience who haven't read the books.
If the movies would not be as faithful or even as rushed they would be
more Hollywood and more of a blockbuster and therefor they would ruin
the movies and the spectacular stories.
			
Let me start off by saying this: my review is NOT about how well Mike
Newell left in every minute detail from the book, or how much the
screen writers had to leave out. This review is on how the big screen
adaptation captures the spirit of the novel while coming alive in its
own way on film. That being said, "The Goblet of Fire" pulls off a feat
I thought was impossible and it compresses the hefty book into a two
and a half hour movie. It's brilliant.The first two Potter films were very good, but had some problems with
playing it a bit too safe and maybe even cramming too much material
into the film. "Azkaban" was a breath of fresh air and was a fantastic
new look and mood to the series. As good as "Azkaban" was, "Goblet" is
even better. The action is absolutely stunning, the actors are getting
skin deep into their characters, and story more engaging.One of the things I loved most about "Goblet" was its totally real
portrayal of the kids. No longer pre-teens, the kids are experiencing
all the woes of the teenage years, and it works out great. It's
especially fun to see them embarrass themselves in front of their
crushes, or awkwardly handle themselves to the girls they'd like to ask
to the Yule Ball. And FINALLY, Fred and George Weasly have major roles
in the movie. Jeez, it's about time! Like I said, the young actors due
this spot on. Rupert Grint is better than ever. Daniel Radcliffe is
very funny and develops his character well. A complaint with him though
is he isn't that convincing when he needs to get really emotional.
Sorry, Harry! Emma Watson, although looking beautiful, over does it a
bit too much. Her performance in "Azkaban" was very natural, but in
"Goblet" she is much too over the top and moody. It's a minor
complaint. The adults are all perfectly cast, with Ralph Fiennes being
a scary yet subtle Voldemort. There couldn't have been a better choice
for him. Brendan Gleeson was also fantastic and eccentric as Mad Eye
Moody.The action is better than any Potter film before. The dragon is the
best on screen dragon I've ever seen, and the underwater challenge is
beautifully shot. Not much Quidditch in the film, but an amazing modern
stadium at the World Cup does the job enough. The mood in this is even
darker than the last, especially the last 20 minutes, which, by the
way, are CLASSIC.So, in the end, if you Arden't one of the five people who haven't seen
"Goblet", it's a funny, thrilling, dark, and excellent addition the
newly revived fantasy genre. I have one more thing to say, though:
David Yates has some BIG shoes to fill when he directs the next Potter
film.
			
Every Harry Potter movie gets a little better than the last, and this
one is no different. This is the best Potter film of them all; it takes
the book's darker storyline and translates it well to the big screen.
No, it doesn't do a perfect job, to do the book justice the movie would
have to be 16 hours long, but it does a pretty good job in hitting all
of the major events so that I didn't feel disappointed.One of the advantages of cramming the whole book into 157 minutes is
that it becomes action-packed. One big scene ends only to the open of
another right on it's tail. It does seem a little rushed and cut, but
the mistake is a forgivable one. The special effects are the best,
especially the World Cup and all three tasks. The only actor of note is
Brendan Gleeson as Mad Eye Moody. Totally amazing and completely
dynamic. All things said, it is very short and won't please the
hardcore fans of the books, but it is still a very good film that
deserves attention.
			
Supplanted Prisoner of Azkaban as the best in the series. These movies
just keep getting better. Just hope they can finish the series before
the actors and actresses grow too old and we end up with a 25 year old
Harry playing a 17 year old high school kid. Great work from beginning
to end. Only gripes may have been with some of the special effects
being somewhat forced. Hermoine has definitely come into her own, going
from an effective supporting character to a excellent leading woman.
Ron continues to play the bumbling side kick, but the interaction
between he and Harry in this one just didn't seem real. Overall, the
supporting characters, teachers, villains all add to an overall
fantastic journey in the world of Harry Potter.
			
I think this was a GREAT movie! I recently saw it, and they did an
excellent job. Definitely worth seeing, although they missed out some
parts from the book. They added a lot of great special effects, like
the dragons and the pensieve. The new actors did a great job as well,
and the old actors are still doing great. It was scary, funny, and
interesting. The funny part of the movie is when Harry is trying to ask
a girl out to the Yule Ball, and we see how hard it is for him, since
Ron says that Harry can slay dragons but he can't ask a girl out. I
wouldn't recommend the movie for young kids because it does get scary
in some parts, with the dragons and in the end of the book. I
personally enjoyed it, although it gets a bit boring in some parts.
Overall, i give it a 9/10 and i hope that people will watch it!
			
The fourth installment in the Harry Potter series sent me on a thrill
ride of emotions. The director did a wonderful job of balancing the
humor amidst the horror of the events that took place in the film. It
left me anxiously awaiting the next film too come.Overall, I thought the movie held fast to the most important story
lines in the book. The first 15 minutes were a bit choppy, but it's
hard to compress eleven chapters of material into that short amount of
time, so I'll forgive the loss of bits and pieces of storyline that
were left out in the beginning. Once the film got into the tournament,
most of the major story elements were left in place, and the film
progressed fairly smoothly. The end was a bit choppy again, and I felt
some points that were left out and/or glossed over should have been
left in, so those who have not read the books would understand why the
Ministry of Magic would choose to hide the fact that Lord Voldemort had
returned. The entire premise of the next book in the series is based
upon this disbelief, and how Harry is made to suffer for telling the
truth. It will be interesting to see how this problem is addressed in
the next film.As far as the characters go, I was pleased to see Fred and George, and
their antics, take a seat front and center. They were by far my
favorites. All the actors seem to be more and more comfortable with
their roles, and the acting is improving with each film. Again, it will
be interesting too see how much they have grown and matured when the
next film installment is made. I just hope we don't loose any of the
major cast members before the series is completed. (I still picture
Richard Harris as Dumbledore, even though Michael Gambon is doing an
excellent job in the last two films) All in all, I would say this is
the best of the four films thus far. I am eagerly awaiting Order of the
Phoenix.
			
I hated the first 3 movies and am one of the harshest critics of the
Harry Potter Movies yet I came to the see it expecting disappointment.
Instead I adored it. Although they missed out the Veila, the Dursleys
(the only book in which I can bear them), most of the Barty
Senior/Junior History and the Quiddich Cup I loved it. The Dark Mark
was more dark and scary than i imagined (which was probably a good idea
since I imagined it bright green and purple) as was the Death Eaters
attack (way more scary) and I thought the Death Eaters masks were
great, although most of my peers didn't get it because they didn't know
anything about the KKK (hope that's right). Although it was rushed some parts just weren't important enough, but I
would have liked to have seen more of Victor Krum's personality and the
leprechaun gold argument. I have always hated Daniel Radcliffe, loathed
him, but after this movie I was gob-smacked. He can act! I dunno if it
was the director, or he had grown up or something but it is obvious,
THE BOY CAN ACT! Ron was also wicked, but I don't get why Hermione
cried after the Ball. Voldemort was very good also and I liked the fact
he looked human. But the BEST part was when Harry came back from the graveyard after
Cedric had died. and no-one had realised he was dead and they all began
cheering and Harry was crying hysterically, I began crying. And mind
you i have never before cried at a movie. Never. Not even at Titanic,
Romeo and Juliet or Bambi. I cried for so long. It was the most moving
piece of cinematic material this year.
			
Goblet of Fire is the Best of HP movies, no doubt. After read the book,
everybody can say that this movie express exactly the movie that is
playing in our mind when we are reading. No words about The tournament:
The dragon is perfect as the underwater scenes and the labyrinth. We
can't recognize Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort, so perfect is the make-up.
Anyway, the best movie for this Christmas.However, I give it 9/10 for 2 reasons:1 - Katie Leung and Cho Chang will be never the same person, the
actress should be changed;2 - In the book, Dumbledore saw to Fudge that Voldemort is back. Fudge
can't believe it and Dumbledore decided to Reorganize the Order of the
Phoenix and Work against Fudge. This part, for me, cannot should be out
of the movie.
			
First of all I have to admit - that I have never read a Harry Potter
novel. However, I have seen all the movies and there was no one which I
completely disliked. However, I felt that they where very different
from each other and I have my favorites. These are definitely HP1 and
the new HP4!! HP1 was full of magic and cute ideas, perfectly brought
into scene by director Chris Columbus.HP2 was -- nice, but there was nothing in this film, that appeared to
me especially noteworthy. HP3 was a good movie, but to my taste much to
dark and scary for the envisaged audience.HP4 makes these flaws completely forgotten! It features a highly
dramatic plot with state-of-the-art visual effects. Well, nothing new
for a HP movie. But the very special thing about this "Potter" is that
the main characters become more complicate because they become older!
The feelings and problems of growing-up are well portrayed and the cast
does a really good job (as in every HP), especially Daniel Radcliffe
(Harry Potter), Emma Watson (Hermione Granger) and Rupert Grint (Ron
Weasley). Throughout the movie you are not sure what is harder for our
young sorcerers - chatting with the other gender or encountering the
evil forces. Director Mike Newell is able to create a very sensible and
enjoyable picture of these conflicts - never forgetting that a Harry
Potter has first to fight against monsters and dark powers and secondly
has to resolve emotional problems...This movie is just very well balanced. What I have missed were some of
the funny gimmicks and characters which are so common for Hogwarts in
earlier movies, like the ghosts, Dobby and other things. Things become
highly dramatic rapidly and there is no space for extra-jokes in the
densely packed plot. This is a little pity but understandable - the
movie lasts for more than 3 hours! At last I would like to point out the excellent music score! It is the
first HP with a soundtrack not composed by senior maestro John
Williams. Well one can say, that successor Patrick Doyle made a really
great job, and I decided to buy the soundtrack CD before the last line
of the end titles vanished from the screen.
			
This was the best Harry Potter movie so far (however not by much as the
first two movies were also great). Daniel Radcliff certainly has
developed as an actor. While in the third movie he was completely
unsure of himself, in this movie he is certainly holding his own
against some of the best Brits in the business not to mention Rupert
Grint and Emma Watson, both of whom are excellent. The story adaptation
is best that it could be, given the sheer complexity of the book. The
special effects are great. The only thing that I could find wrong with
the movie is Micheal Gambon's acting. I think he has Dumbledore
completely wrong. He screams and yells and acts bewildered where the
word that I would associate with Dumbledore is "calm." Richard Harris
had Dumbledore down cold and I wish Micheal Gambon could learn a little
from his example.
			
I've heard that the original cast won't be casted in anymore Harry
Potter movies after the one that comes out in 2007 is finished. (I
heard the reason was that they're getting to old for the parts.) And
again I'm not sure whether this theory is true or not. If so, I believe
that not having the original cast would be lame because you pratically
grow up with them. I work at a movie theater so I work with a load of
movie freaks. They know everything when it comes to movies. And the
rumor going around was about Harry Potter. So once again, does anyone
know if the original cast will be playing in the movie after the one
that comes out in 2007? If anyone knows if this is true, please inform
me whenever possible. Thanks.Or perhaps the next movie will be the last....anyone know?
			
My thoughts on GoF I just went to see GoF yesterday and can I just say
that this may be the best HP movie yet, tying (sp?) with PoA.Note: If you haven't seen GoF yet....stop reading here because I think
I am giving away what I think are the best parts of the movie.My favorite parts of the movie: too numerous to mention, but here are a
few highlights: The beginning with the snake, Nagini (great name for a
baby IMO), which moves right along into the appearance of the Holy
Trinity---er, um, Trio. Man, is Rupert Grint getting fit all of a
sudden?Plus that short Quidditch sequence reminded of a cross between the
Super Bowl, The X Games, and World Cup Soccer, all in one. Now if they
had a brawl, that would have been awesome and funny.The Twins, pure frat boys, those two. What Warner Brothers need to do
is give James and Oliver Phelps their own movie! How about the fallout between Harry and Ron and the crazy makeup
afterward? All I can say is leave it to men ('cause, let's face it, Dan
and Rupert are practically men at this point!) to find ways NOT to say
"oops what a jackass I was to doubt you!" "Hey it wasn't like I had
told you in the beginning it wasn't me!" I loved how Ron turned that
skid around to make it look like he told Harry about the dragons...and
loved Hermione's response: "Boys!" Couldn't have said it better myself.The Three Tasks sequences were dark and lovely, esp. when Harry fought
that dragon outside the stadium. That dragon was like the Energizer
Bunny, it just kept going and going and going.....until Harry kicked
his ass! The Yule Brawl, I mean, Ball was cool. I loved how it started all
classy and everything and went all dark and alternative with the
appearance of the Weird Sisters. I wished my prom had been like that.
Man, the sparks that flew between Ron and Hermione was enough to start
a five alarm fire. I noticed how cool Ron was and how insanely angry Hermione was, and
then I got to thinking "Rupert is a Virgo in real life and Virgos tend
to stay away from arguments, especially when they know they are gonna
get ugly. Since I don't know Emma's sign, my guess is she might be a
Scorpio, because we Scorps love confrontation, and as much as we love
that, we also love being the Drama Queens too." Right now the only perfect song that could have gone with this sequence
would have been "Careless Whisper" by George Michael. (Trust me on
this, just listen to the lyrics and think about this sequence when you
do) The entrance of the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons...Everybody say "Soul
Train." Even I was jamming to their entrances! And did you see how Ron
was checking out the Beauxbatons.....you could almost hear him say
"Damn!" Now to the two scenes that are gonna cause controversy if they keep
talking about too much (which makes what I am about to say utterly
pointless and redundant): When Rita Skeeter (love that name along with Nagini and Fritzy
Rodriguez, not a character, but a name I came across one day)
interviews HP for the Daily Prophet and they go into that cramped broom
closet....was it just me or was she seriously coming onto Harry? The
only thing that came to my mind was "Meeeeee andddd Mrs.,Mrs Jones,
Mrs. Jones, Mrs Jones.....we got a thing going on!" (That's from an
early '70's song, if anybody is old enough to remember that song.) The Hot Tub scene with Moaning Myrtle....I can see why she was
moaning!!! She was trying to get a peek at Harry's----ahem----"goods."Go on Myrtle, Go on with your bad dead self! No wonder they made this thing PG-13. Next thing you know she'll being
propositioning him, a la "The Graduate" ("Why, Moaning Myrtle, I do
believe you are trying to seduce me!"), she's old enough.....Ron's threads for the Ball, just one word: Prince, if he and the
Revolution went to Hogwarts. He looked like he wore the leftover
wardrobes that Prince wouldn't be caught dead wearing onstage. In fact,
all Ron was missing was those high-heeled boots, Wendy, Lisa,
Appollonia and Morris Day and you got "Purple Rain" Harry Potter style.The acting in this movie was great, especially Rupert's. This young man
is getting ready to breakout in the worst way, he still outshines no
matter if he's making funny faces or comments, or conveying every
emotion in the book. He is still is my favorite. And it doesn't hurt to
look good either.Daniel Radcliffe, I could go either way, but even I have to say that he
was really good this time around. Emma Watson's acting was OK, but her
best moment was in the Yule Ball/Brawl with Rupert. Jealous much? All
in all, this was the best $6.00 I ever spent and I plan on seeing it
again after my finals are done.Go see this movie, get up off your ass and see it, you will not be
disappointed!
			
Do books ruin movies, or do movies ruin books? If you can get past the
vast amount of material that didn't make the cut for Goblet of Fire,
then the answer will hopefully be neither. If not, then I sure hope for
your sake that the Narnia movie stays true to Lewis. Being an old
Tolkien hand myself, I am able to appreciate just what a good job the
writers did compacting a truly enormous book without losing the
important points. Were there no faults? Au contraire, Fleur. Characters
were not nearly as developed, scenes lacked some of the humor, impact
or exposition that a novel allows. Some key points in the book were
changed since the explanations were too lengthy to even consider. It
was still far better in that sense than Prisoner of Azkaban, where I
felt anyone who hadn't read the book must have been tearing their hair
out (which raises the question, do people who don't read HP books see
HP movies?). I can definitely say that this is the best Potter movie so
far, at least in my opinion. I will always prefer the books, but that
is me and I don't presume for a minute that everyone agrees with me. My
wife was very disappointed, even though she really enjoyed the movie,
and said that "it was like watching a slide show of the book". Fairly
accurate description. So do books ruin movies or do movies ruin books?
Is the glass half empty or half full? Why ask why? Just enjoy the drink
and when it is empty, pour yourself another.
			
Harry Potter has always been one of my favorite books. When I first
read them I was hooked. The movies however, are not as great.In this movie I couldn't wait to see what Voldermort looked like! Then
when i saw him I almost laugh. He looked liked a fish, or something.
Also in the beginning of the movie they cut out a lot of info, and some
cool stuff. Like in the World Cup Quiddicth (Sorry about spelling) they
didn't even show who won, or what happened in the match. Now that was
one of my favorite parts was the match. I love quiddicth and I couldn't
wait to see it on the big screen but they didn't show it.Also the actor for Cho Chung, was cute but a little weird. An Asian
girl with an Irish accent??? What ever. All in all the movie was good.
They good have added a lot more to it but i guess they didn't want to
make it to long.I do, however, recommend this movie, but if you do, you might want to
read the book first.
			
CONTAINS SPOILERS!!!!Despite being a Potter fan, I felt quite happy with Mike Newell as
director. Special effects would never be the challenge in bringing HP
to the big screen. Rather portraying the humour and magic of the
characters in the books would be problem. And Newell has done that very
well in this film. The book is huge, both in length and density, as
almost every character seems to get their own subplot! All of these
have been cut, but the characters have been been woven into the main
story effectively.The result of this weight loss is the story races along and there is
not a dull moment to be had. The great thing is that despite this we do
get some nice comedy scenes (the pre-yule ball dance lesson, the
Hagrid-Maxime romance, the bath scene). There has been much talk about
adolescence, which was pretty much all talk in Azkaban. Here it is all
much better handled. The Weasly twins shine again. Hogwarts also feels
much more like a school, and less like a setting for a Famous Five
adventure. Some of the adult actors are given a bit more screen time,
which is wonderful because every moment is a delight. The Gleeson as
Mad ex-Dark Arts investigator is particularly good.The visual effects are incredible not only in themselves, but because
they are used to tell the story. It is hard to say pick a favourite
because the story never lingers on the amazing visuals to say to the
audience, "Look at these pretty pictures I made". The story it just
told and the audience is awed. The movie isn't perfect. The pacing might be described as rushed, and I
wondered during the first 40 minutes if a first time viewer might
wonder why certain things were happening. The book's subplots give
everything a a coherence that is there in the movie, but might be hard
to catch first time. Not such a problem tough because it's worth 2
viewings for the visuals! Also though the "child", or rather young
adult/teen actors, are generally good (Grint as Ron has a much better
role in this movie, and does well), the intense ending did expose
possible problems for later movies.That said, the Voldemort rebirth scene, which is what I have been
looking forward to since I first read the books, is quite spectacular,
and the casting of Fiennes is perfect! Which leads me to conclude that
all looks well set for Movie 5, The Order of the Phoenix, which should
be easier to cut down to size. I am so pleased that instead of just
milking the HP brand, Hollywood is actually trying the best possible
movies it can with the material. Well done.
			
As a HP-movie lover who has not read any of the books I must say this
was one of the most enjoyable ones. The tempo of the movie is simply
amazing. Newell never lets u relax or doze off and keeps throwing story
lines and events in your face. The amount of humor in this movie was by
far the largest of the series so far though good proportioned.The few negatives i can find were some loose strings and sequences
which were a bit odd. Especially the finale of the ball was very
abrupt. It looked like the editor used his scissors a bit too
enthusiastically there. I couldn't quite grasp what happened between
the moment Krum went to get a drink and Hermione sending the boys to
bed?! And i fear to say that Daniel could use some extra acting lessons
to keep up with the performances of especially Rupert en Emma.
			
This film was amazing! I went to see it the first night it came out, as
I'd been waiting to see it for a long, long time. The special effects
were incredible definitely the best so far and all completely
believable. Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson (Harry and Hermonie) have
improved immensely from the last film and Rupert Grint (Ron) was still
as convincing as ever. The tournaments were excellently done apart from
I would say the third was not long enough and missed a lot out from the
book, but it had to be because of small space they had to fit it in. It
was definitely the scariest and most moving film so far. However the
reason I only gave this a 9 rather than full marks is because it was
lacking in all the traditional Harry Potter things that we all love to
see, for example there was no sorting hat, no trip to hogsmeade and
hardly any actual classes nor any Dursley's or Diagon Alley visits.
Another downside was the music in all the other films John Williams
(perhaps the greatest film composer of all time) has composed the music
yet they got someone different who I feel was pretty awful, on sad bits
there was happy music which ruined it, and hardly any music in it at
all, and what music there was, was rubbish which was a real shame.
Although all of this the screenplay was incredible and the trio were
much more believable as teenagers than ever before and some scenes were
outstanding like the bath one with Moaning Murtle. I definitely think
that you should go to see this film if you have not already and try and
see past the bits they just had to miss, and enjoy all the action and
funny parts.
			
As most people I'm sure felt, I walked into the theatre wondering how
are they going to put that entire book to the screen? I was impressed.They managed to get the bulk of the story while cutting some of the fat
from the written word. The movie was non-stop, kind of like a car chase
that doesn't end for two and a half hours, but people who haven't read
the book will have a general idea of what is happening. In other words,
it caters to the masses.The effects were incredible and I especially liked the underwater scene
as well as the climax with Voldomort which was very close to the way I
imagined it while reading the book.There are, for me, two points that I found a little disappointing.
First was Mad Eye Moody. It's not that he was horrible he was just not
the way I envisioned him. I guess that falls under the category of 'to
each their own'.Second was how Dumbledore presented himself. He was a little too harsh
for my taste. Again, I always saw him as a patient and calm man, not
aggressive and curt.Now with that said, the only other problem I had was not with the movie
but with the 'attendees', THIS MOVIE IS NOT FOR SMALL CHILDREN! I was
in the theatre surrounded by some as young as three and four; besides
not understanding a thing that is going on, there are some definite
points which made me even cringe.Some people are stuck on the idea that Harry Potter is for kids, but
what they fail to realize is that with each passing year they grow up,
and so do the plot lines. An advance word of warning...when the next
one comes out, leave the kiddies at home...please? All in all I was happy with the product. I do, however, highly
recommend reading the novel. As with most movie adaptations...the book
is better
			
I have to admit i wasn't a huge harry potter when the first came out,
but having just watched the fourth film one word, FANTASTIC have
already watched the first two, cant wait for the next, definitely go
see it at the cinema, the special effects will have you on the edge of
the seat To say the film is two and a half hours long you don't feel
it, the whole way through as glued to the screen A lot of the same cast
obviously makes a difference its good to keep the same ones
continuously Would of liked the ending a bit more spectacular but i suppose it is
leading you in to the next film just have to wait till 2007 now so roll
on then. 2006 Biggest film of this year - a must see.
			
I thought that this film was absolutely wonderful. No doubt it lives up
to its predecssors. Don't be warded off by the "worst potter film yet"
comments. Although at times the film might have seemed a bit rushed, it
was still an excellent job of book to film adaption. I would not
recommend bringing a young child, as there are a few scary parts, but
other than that, I think all can enjoy this film. Harry Potter fans or
not. The special effects were great and the acting was wonderful. I saw
the midnight showing and it was totally worth it. If you have not yet
seen this film get up and go because it was great. You may want to
brush up on your potter knowledge before going, watch all the other
movies. But most of all just enjoy yourself. The movie had very funny
parts, very sad parts, and most of all kept me on the edge of my seat.
It is by far the best potter, and a great move all together.
			
i loved the way it began i think it was well directed and afterwards it
was very bang, bang ,bang and in your face it keeps you wanting to know
what happens right until the end. There are bits in the movie that i
found gory and thought it should have been a 12 not a 12a but the
audience was young. it was a shame they missed out bits they could have
had this movie ended up being shorter than the last two even though the
book is thicker. i did enjoy it throughly even if you have never
watched harry potter or read any of the books i think it is fun to
watch this. Can't wait to see the deleted scenes on DVD! If you are
squimish i do not suggest watching voldemorts return.
			
The big problem this film had to start with was dealing with a huge
book and reducing it to a suitable length for film. An early option
considered was to split it into two films, but this was scrapped. The
editing of the story is necessarily savage, but has been done in such a
way that it sill makes sense of itself. Nevertheless, it is part of a
sequence, and viewers who might not have seen the other films might be
left confused about some details. So much good stuff in the book has
had to be snipped.What really struck me in the film was the strong emphasis on humour.
The darkness of the story is repressed right up to the cemetery
sequence, giving that much greater impact.The music is truly awful - within the first 10 seconds of the opening
credits, I knew it wasn't the work of John Williams - unimaginative
orchestration, drab arrangements, and some poor choices in underscoring
the narrative.The M rating (in Australia) for the film is well deserved, although I
suspect most children will have read the book before viewing the film
and well know what to expect.The action sequences are magnificent - especially with the dragon. The
Quidditch World Cup sequence is unfortunately glossed over, but really
does convey the excitement of a (muggle) World Cup.The characterization of Mad-Eye Moody is brilliant. A fine acting
performance is delivered by Ralph Fiennes, as well as (suprisingly)
Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint. Emma Watson still plays emotions a
little woodenly.The sound design is particularly impressive - the work of the wonderful
Randy Thom.In style, the film returns to that of the Chamber of Secrets -
refreshing after the quirky excesses of Prisoner of Azkaban. The nature
of the character interactions is quite different in this movie - the
characters are definitely growing up! And this is the source of a lot
of the humour.
			
As I saw the poster I read the names Daniel Radcliffe, Michael Gambon,
Alan Rickman and of course Ralph Fiennes. This was just the movie I've
been waiting for, but three months prior to this day I read the novel,
heard that the film force behind the movie had cut loads of subplot and
so forth...was I still excited???Hell yea...its Harry potter Ladies and gentleman.It would seem as if each movie since "Azkaban" have been reinvented and
rewritten for the silver screen. Is it the case with this one? yes it
is. Did I like this movie? Certainly. Mike Newell directed his version of HArry potter in a way that only a
Brit can...in a uber British way, with a dark murky atmosphere and a
uncanny dosage of British anarchy.Unlike the first two movies, that was a straight forward artificial
pieces, driven by a quasi sense of magic and acceptable special
effects, this film, is more like the third that raised the bar for
quality of content.Unlike the first two that was utterly claustrophobic concerning the
school and castle, Newell shows us that Hogwards is gigantic,enormous
and a colossal school that is much more than a castle. In this movie,everything goes, anyone goes and the once goody-two-shoes
atmosphere of the other movies seems faded. Enough of that. Brendan Gleeson was superb as Alastor Moody, Albus Dumbledore seemed
more human in this volume, more tense and exactly like an actual
headmaster. The main three were amazing and it was certainly great to see our
silver screen heroes at it again. Ron were superb as the sidekick-like friend trying to find a voice of
his own.Hermione- dazzling as the swan who is (at a fast pace) becoming a lady,
that is caught in the midst of a love triangle. Harry- the everyman person, was well acted by Daniel Radcliffe and he
carried the film well.The main attraction was however Ralph Fiennes, without the benefit of a
nose and in thick make-up and robes. He was mesmerizing as Lord
Voldemort, a guy so evil and arrogant you love to hate the hell out of
him. Yes movie fans, I loved this movie...saw it twice on opening day, and I
am going to see it again tomorrow.It entertains like only Harry potter movies can and David Heyman
produced something amazing and most of all entertaining, for us. Although scraps of subplots and unresolved themes were almost littered
through the movie, it did not break the film. And although many people
reckon that Radcliffe cant act, they forget that Elijah Wood cant even
spell the word not in one movie and not in any of the LOTR movies.I think Daniel Radcliffe was brilliant, and though I believe this movie
to be better than the mediocre pieces of slime that is the first two, I
cant truly say that it is better than "Azkaban"...for Cuaron managed
his piece loads better than Newell managed this utterly difficult
piece. But still its worth every show you can lay eyes on...so go out there,
see the movie and write your review.
			
Fantastic film, though there were parts that weren't explained enough
from poor editing and missing links. Plus parts that were quite
enjoyable in the book, were: Ron's new pet Pigweidgon, Mad Eye Moody-
teaching harry for the "Triwizard Tournument" (such spells of 'Accio'),
the Hogsmeade trip. The beginning was quite different this time, with
no mention of Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia. As most people would agree
that the book is much different to the movie, but as a reader and fan
of the book, i must say the movie is not really different, but gives a
fantastic and sumptuous view/visualization of the film. The scenery and
the enjoyment of the new characters. Eg. Mad Eye Moody and his wicked
eye and sense of black humor or crazy humor and Rita Skeeter's
annoyance with newspaper journalism. Though unlike Mike Newell, he uses
a different composer for music and a different feel or outline towards
the film. very different to Chris Columbus and Alfonso Cuarn
adaptation, but overall a must see!Josh S
			
To all of those who are not sure whether they should go and see this
movie.. what are you waiting for?? I saw the movie (finally) today (we
in Aus had to wait an extra 2 weeks after the US and UK - so not fair),
and to my great pleasure I can say that you will not be disappointed...
Whilst the start tends to chop and change (only the first 10 or so
minutes), the rest of the movie flows well and I was quite surprised
(in a good way) by just how much of the book they kept in the movie...
Given the (relatively) short running time - 2hr25mins.. I expected that
a LOT would be cut out... but the script writer Steve Kloves and the
director Mike Newell have really done a great job in carrying the
essence of the book into the film... Whilst there have been some
changes to scenes in the book, they make perfect sense and one can
easily see why they did it that way (time constraints, new audience
confusion, etc). Part thriller/Part comedy/and Part action, this movie
has it all... the darkness-o-meter has been cranked up a notch this
time around, and trust me, this is no kids movie. So do yourself a
favour and go and see this film, it's a great adaptation of a great
book and that's all that matters!! 9/10... I can't wait to go see it
again.
			
I thought this was the most enjoyable of all of the movies, with one
complaint. The score was NOT up to the standard set in the first three.
It was unengaged, and had very little impact on the emotion of the
film. Moments which should have had me in emotional anguish (Cedric's
death, Voldemort's rebirth, Harry's conversation with his parents, too
many to mention really) felt totally emotionally detached, and this
from a guy who cries at sappy commercials.I have been spoiled by John Williams I know. (I teared up during the
Superman trailer, almost totally as a result of his music for that
trailer) But if they can't get him, they need to get someone better.
This was the weakest part of the movie.That said-still 9 stars. Really enjoyed the movie.
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is one of the best of the series. I
found it pretty entertaining, especially i am in the middle of
preparing for final exams. It captured most of the main points of the
book. The Triwizard Tournament was accurate, even though some parts
were missing. Near the ending the graveyard scene was very detailed,
considering it is such important turning point of the Harry Potter
series. It was very well done and true to the book.The acting was good for most of the characters, but there is one small
part that i found not so true to the book. It was when Harry's name got
nominated by the Goblet of Fire, then Dumbledore almost strangled our
poor Harry. The emotion was too strong, and is different from the
Dumbledore i know from the book who was always calm and wise.The special effects are very good. The dragons are really cool, even
though they were much smaller than what i have imagined. It was pity
they didn't show all four combatants' battling for the golden egg
though.The story for the Goblet Fire is much darker than the previous three. I
think it is not very suitable for younger viewers. However, older fans
will enjoy it.Over all, the Goblet of Fire is very well made, but i found it was kind
of rushed (considering they have to put the story of a dictionary size
book into a 2.5 hours movie). People who had read the book should have
no problem follow it, but i think people whop never read the book will
be kind of lost.
			
9... and a half! Harry Potter. Where do I start? First, we had the
Philosopher's Stone, with Harry in his first year. Then came The
Chamber of Secrets, where Harry grows up a little, and the chamber is
opened. In the third movie, The Prisonar of Azkaban, where a little
more is revealed, and it turns out that Harry has a godfather. But none
of the three are anything compared to the Goblet of Fire. I laughed, I
cried (twice!), I gasped, I screamed, I was on the edge of my seat. I
loved it. I must say, that a lot IS left out, and I seemed to get
confused throughout the movie, getting the fifth book mixed up with
this one. I imagined parts of the movie to be completely different,
which sort of ruined my own personal thoughts and fantasies, but then
there was some things which were identical to my imaginations. The
graphics were absolutely amazing (thanks to the Australian composers!)
and very realistic. The main thing that bothered me about this movie,
is that everything was so quick. Non stop, like BAM next scene, BAM
next scene, BAM, BAM, not one moment of boredom. It was confusing, but
I guess they had to do it that way, otherwise either a lot would be
left out, or the movie would go for 5 hours. All those who haven't seen
it yet, I suggest you do... I'm going to see it again tomorrow!
			
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was an excellent film, and not just
because of the vast amount of eye-candy to be had on-screen. At last
the Potter-Empire has found a director that is not obsessed with his
own self-image. The film is dark, given its content, but without the
over-dramatic, poorly-lit, and cinematic-Xanax affect of PoA. I
appreciated Kloves attempt to keep in several key-aspects of the film,
even if some parts were lacking--like the entire Quidditch game from
the world Cup and the Weasley twins being privy to Harry's Cup
winnings. The film also skims over Rita Skeeter's role and does not, at
any point, allude to her ability to spy on people in beetle form.However, Kleeves is sheer genius at alluding to the Golden Trio's
trials and mishaps of puberty, without turning into an ABC family
special or a Lifetime fiasco. The cinematography is brilliant,
retaining the sets' confounding beauty (unlike PoA when a black
coverlet was thrown over everything) while accepting the fact that in
this fourth movie, Harry is at last coming to the realization that he
is locked in bitter combat with a true fiend.The film is brilliant, and exceptionally accurate, although I feel it's
safe to assume that here is where book and film divorce; there most
likely will not be a "Lord of the Rings"-style epic for the kids.
			
Being a Harry Potter fan from the first time i read the book, i knew i
would like this film. But not like this... This is something
extraordinary, something breathtaking. I liked the first three movies
too, but this one stands out. Then Why? Chris Columbus, who directed
the two first movies, practically drowned them in grease, while Cuarcon
drowned his movie in visual effects. Newell, however, adds the darkness
that Potter deserves. Both Harry himself and the story have become more
adult, simply. Newell understands Harry like none of the other
directors did. Simply, Newell is the first to take Harry seriously. He
also made the characters a lot more interesting, which gives the actors
more room to act, especially Mr. Radcliffe, who practically grinned
himself through the first movie, but now makes Harry come alive. His
Colleges, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson also reaches new heights. The
rest of the cast is also very good, especially Brendan Gleeson as
professor Mad Eye Moody (or Barty Crouch, if you like). The film Is a
bit messy in the beginning, but the ending is just incredible. Ralph
Fiennes is marvelous as Lord Voldemort and Diggorys death scene is
about the strongest I've ever seen. Young or old, man or woman, SEE
THIS MOVIE!!
			
Well honestly the movie is better then last year,so I will say this
movie is GREAT!But there is something that I don't like about the
movie.The movie is just too quick you know,I mean they didn't show the
Quiditch World Cup game,and there is no Veela.A lot of interesting part
can be put in the movie,like the S.P.E.W and a lot more.And Dumbledore
the other hand.He suppose to be calm.But most of all the movie is
great.But I wish they can make the movie 3 hours.Oh yeah how about
Viktor Krum and Fluer Delacour.They didn't say much.They are new
character,the audience will not know them well.Also the task 1,why they
didn't show Cedric,Viktor and Fluer?I know it will be long but they can
show them fighting dragon but not that long.If u see Fluer in task 2
and 3,she always lost.If she lost in task 2 and 3,how about task 1?Task
1 is really hard because they must fight with a dragon.As a fan I also
must comment Harry Potter even though I'm a big fan of Harry Potter.I
can't wait for the next movie.
			
Not being a huge fan of superhero movies, I didn't have much
expectations for Batman Begins. However viewing the 2005 Christopher
Nolan production, I was pleasantly shocked. Then after my huge
expectations for, "The Dark Knight", Christopher Nolan blew my
expectations to the dust. Will the same happen with the 3rd and last
film, "The Dark Knight Rises"? Quite simply, Yes! My big expectations
were once again, blown away. What a production! This is a true
cinematic experience, to behold. The movie exceeded my expectations in
terms of action, and entertainment. The editing, sound, score, visuals,
direction and action are all top notch. The film contains a fine cast of talented actors. Christian Bale, of
course still makes is a great Batman. Michael Cain is fantastic, as he
always is. He gives such a powerful performance, he really ought to be
considered for an Oscar nomination. Tom Hardy as Bane is utterly
terrifying, at times, and completely ominous. Anne Hathaway as
Catwoman/Selina Kyle is a scene stealer. She is completely engrossing.
Everyone is so great, the dynamic scenes between the actors are so well
done, so well written, and so well directed. The Dark Knight Rises is
is emotionally riveting and amazing to view.At a running time of almost 3 hours, the film never becomes dull, which
is pretty impressive. The movie's action sequences are spectacularly
well created and very intense. The dialogue between the character's are
intelligent and highly believable. The movie's soundtrack is terrific
and really exemplify's many of the movie's scenes. Extremely well
editing and sound use really develop many of the movie's action scenes,
so it's not just explosions and visuals like in many other movies.
Nolan creates a grand, dirty, engrossing world, and his action
sequences just hum. In conclusion, this film is a gorgeous reminder that great writing and
direction can enhance any movie-going experience, even superhero
movies, which are usually thought of as mindless entertainment. I am
wholly satisfied with Christopher Nolan's vision and thank all who
worked on this film for bringing such an intricate interpretation of
its very famous literary source. I cannot recommend this film anymore
than I have, I just have to say everyone and anyone should see it.
10/10"
			
Christopher Nolan has outdone himself with this one. At 3.30 in the
morning, I was tired. Just getting out of it, I've never been so awake. Perhaps what set this film apart from his other films was that it had a
genuine emotional heartbeat. I felt that this was a flaw of Nolan's
other films - the vision of emotion was there, but it was hollow. In
this I bought it. I felt it, hero and villain alike.Christian Bale was typically brilliant as Batman, and I felt that Bruce
Wayne was more heavily embraced in this final installment. Bale added
emotional depth to the character - a plot point that I think went
astray in The Dark Knight - picking up from the development made in
Batman Begins.Tom Hardy as Bane was quite simply, terrifying. No longer a dunderhead
"enforcer", but one of the criminal masterminds behind "Gotham's
Reckoning", coupled with a physical dominance strong enough to send
shivers down your spine.Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle defied my expectations. Hands up who was
not entirely convinced that that girl from the Princess Diaries could
handle an intensely physical role like Catwoman. But here I am, hugely
impressed. She added immeasurably to the value of the film.Marion Cotillard fulfilled the role of Miranda Tate admirably, though I
suspect this was the most underdeveloped character of the film - though
after watching, I can see why.The unsung hero of The Dark Knight Rises is Michael Caine as Alfred. A
heartfelt performance that helps drive the emotional content of the
film, helping Nolan sell his most well-rounded film to date. Caine's
performance in both presence and absence.Special mention goes to Joseph Gordon Levitt, who is consistently
proving himself to be a big player in the Hollywood game. His role as
officer Blake felt like there could've been more, but it may just have
come all a bit much. It was a great performance, and Levitt sunk his
teeth into role. If you can, go see this in IMAX. If any film was to sell the format to
skeptics, The Dark Knight Rises would be IT. I'm happy Nolan stuck to
his guns and shot in 2D. 3D would have been unnecessary. I suppose at this point, I have to turn my focus on Nolan. If he ever
reads this... aspiring filmmaker to filmmaker, I've never been so
envious, jealous in all my life. It's a film that leaves me
floundering, wondering what I could possibly do to get anywhere near
this ballpark. Well done. I think an Oscar Nomination is in order.From here, I'm not sure what to expect of the future. Does our
imagination carry us forward, or do the studios? Time will tell.10/10
			
I had the honor of watching TDKR during a screening and was completely
blown away! Christopher Nolan's third film in his Batman trilogy
doesn't disappoint. The movie is incredibly well made, its huge
production is quite breathtaking to view. This is a true cinematic
experience, to behold. The movie exceeded my expectations in terms of
action, and entertainment. The movie's score high-lites many of its
incredible scenes, and at times, it takes your breath away.The film featured excellent performances, by all the cast. Christian
Bale, as always is great as Batman. Anne Hathaway was completely
engrossing, she became "Catwoman", just like Michele Pfeiffer did,
although their interpretations were very different, both were equally
effective. Tom Hardy was the main villain "Bane" completely shattered
my expectations. One of the best superhero movie villains, I've ever
seen. The terror caused by him, is completely believable and quite
menacing. Marlion Cotilliard, Michael Cane, Gary Oldman, and others all
did well in their respective roles. Now I know most will miss Heath
Ledger as the Joker.(I know I do) I hope people don't compare Tom
Hardy's performance to Heath Ledger's, its completely unfair and the
two characters are very different. Just read the comics.The colossal size of the film is a spectacle to behold, but
surprisingly you don't get lost with all the explosions and extravagant
action scenes, like in other films,(AKA Transformers, or POTC.) If one
were to gripe, and I suppose there will never be a film made that one
cannot find a point at which to grip, it is painfully long running time
here. I found myself more worried about the pain in my posterior than
the emotional final minutes after almost 3 hours that I had spent in a
cramped seat, but that's just how I am. However the ending is just
fantastic, so emotional and bring the trilogy to a very satisfying end.Sorry if I'm being all fan-boyish and kissing this movie's behind, but
I really admire it. It may not be among my personal favorites but
generally this seems to be the movie event of this year. As a film
though, this is amazing. A true lasting legacy in superhero story
telling and summer-blockbusters.
			
The best thing about this movie is how satisfying it is. It doesn't
leave you frustrated or confused. You can't really complain that it
didn't explore certain ideas or follow through. By deciding to have an
official ending to this trilogy's story, the themes surrounding Batman
are very fresh. We don't know where he'll end up. It's not the same old
thing about whether he can continue to be Batman or not, which was
already getting repetitive in Spider-man 2. The conclusions are not as
important as the feelings they invoke as they come about. Nolan is
especially good at capturing the complete tension of actually not
knowing what will happen and deeply questioning what you *want* to
happen and why.This movie is bigger than the previous two, far more ambitious. There
are no obvious annoying weaknesses that usually come with films in
general, especially blockbuster action movies. All of Nolan's movies
have deep psychological themes and this takes those in another new
direction. I thought Inception was hugely original and insightful about
the way people think. That level of abstraction and depth is present in
this film. Bane bursts into it, his reputation is quickly established.
Nolan uses people's expectations and anticipation to the fullest. We
are left to wonder about what has happened in the 8 years since the
events of The Dark Knight. Why have the characters become the way they
are now?In the latter half, it does seem like the movie is trying to pull off
so many different plot points and connections, but they all work. The
cast is very large and impressive. You don't see "good acting". You see
fascinating characters. They're just playing their part in the grand
story that's being crafted. There are many unfamiliar faces but they
all have a strange, unique look to them. We often see a person's flaws
and previous decisions coming back to haunt them. They find out the
hard way what mistakes they have made. Where their limits are. Where
they lose control.The score is almost tribal, very raw and energetic. You don't get much
chance to pay attention to it but many parts of the movie are pounding
with excitement. There are countless quotable lines and disturbing
slices of dialogue. They cut deep. The Joker was a great character and
this is a very different movie but the themes are just as dark, only
perhaps indirectly. Underneath, it's very sinister. Writing and
efficiency appear to be among Nolan's greatest strengths. The story has
many layers that interweave and apparently they came in under budget.Perhaps the most important thing about Catwoman is that she's
completely believable. When she beats up men, you don't roll your eyes.
She's feminine and powerful in her own way. She fits into the world and
we completely understand her motivations. She doesn't have a huge role
but a very important one.I didn't find myself moved but maybe I'm too cynical. I was more
affected psychologically. Curious about humanity and all the different
sides of it you see in this movie. It goes to many extremes. I felt
humbled by my complete lack of life experience. What do I know about
anything? How could I possibly understand half of the characters? I
haven't been through anything or achieved anything compared to most of
them. Michael Caine gets a bigger role this time. He was always
critical but this time he's very much the emotional core.I thought Christian Bale was overlooked in The Dark Knight especially.
The movies hinge on him. Bruce Wayne's just a man but also incredibly
inspirational. Bale's famous for completely committing to his roles and
it pays off. Tom Hardy is impressive as Bane but I suppose that's no
surprise. The rest of the leads are similarly awesome. There are many
references to the earlier films. Very few questions are left
unanswered. It's always nice when film-makers really think it through
and make an actual decision and get all the details right.So anyway, I'll miss Batman (since the trilogy has ended) but couldn't
have hoped for a better, more epic and sincere finale to his story.
			
The Batman series by Christopher Nolan was and is probably one of the
best superhero series ever. In an industry where very few sequels have
been that good, The Dark Knight, I believe was designed by Christopher
Nolan to be head and shoulders above Batman Begins; and it was. The
Dark Knight surpassed Batman Begins, end of story. Now that you have
accomplished what very few have managed, how do you surpass this one. A
daunting and mountainous task indeed. Only now, Nolan wasn't even
trying to surpass it. He was merely trying to present a movie that
would build on its predecessor.The movie is set 8 years after the Joker incident so that anything
related to the Joker need not be shown (RIP Heath Ledger). Nolan
presents us a completely different Gotham. A different take on it. And
how 8 years can change people. How the harvey dent and joker incident
can affect people and batman himself. In a time of peace, it is quite
easy to plan and attack even an entire city. Everything is taken into
concern. And it all adds up to one seemingly invincible villain. The
logic is never lost at any point of time. The screenplay is penned to
allow the impact of what has happened to Gotham and its people in "The
Dark Knight" and what could happen if something goes wrong now.All things said, if you are expecting something better than The Dark
Knight, you are mistaken. This was never going to compete or surpass
that. This is a very good movie in its own right. As for the series,
there cannot be a better conclusion and I really hope nobody else
continues this series if Nolan decides not to.TDKR needs to be appreciated for staying true to its roots and still
giving us something good, exhilarating and unexpected.
			
There are plenty of elements that made this film work, so I suppose we
can tick them off one by one. For starters, the continuation on the
focus of Bruce Wayne's story, which has made it all tick. This version
of Bruce Wayne and Alfred become the familiar characters we're
accustomed with since 2005, and the film invests heavily on the
emotional bonding between the two, which deals back to the theme about
fear that rears its ugly head again, and how a father figure cannot
stand idly by to watch the one he brought up recklessly charge into
battle after a long hiatus, and hoping for a life of normalcy with the
mantle of the bat given up. Michael Caine may have a shorter screen
time than before, but no less powerful.When Sam Raimi had to put the popular and powerful Venom into
Spider-man 3 pretty much against his wishes, we all knew how that
turned out to be, effectively killing off the franchise until the
decision to reboot it. There may be some similar fears with the
introduction of a fairly contemporary villain in Bane, but the story
gave him more purpose and meaning, and Tom Hardy was excellent par none
in this role as the compete villain - with plenty of brawn, merciless,
masterful, and with a plan any terrorist would be proud of. If the
Scarecrow meant to induce fear, and the Joker to create chaos, Bane is
carnage incarnate. Tom Hardy, even being the requisite mask, is
fearful, and while the designs of his plan may dwarf the Joker's in
complexity, it sure rivaled his in terms of delivery, and execution.
Anyone in his path gets shoved aside with deadly consequences, and
anyone alive is only because there is of further use. No hesitation,
and no compromise.And Nolan continues with the introduction of a lot more villains big
and small, behind a mask or otherwise, in his Bat films than anyone
would credit him for, especially when having those whose lines are
blurred, or corrupt to the core and hiding behind social status and
fortune. This in turn provides for another arc that boils underneath
the main narrative, where the rich and powerful continue to enjoy their
successes at the expense of the have-nots, and the Occupy Movement in a
way being a very real parallel to the proceedings on screen. While the
mobsters were clearly at the top of the food chain in the earlier Nolan
films, this one shifted focus to politicians and the elite community,
with their fair share of scandals and corporate greed.While Bane was to the point, Selina Kyle played by Anne Hathaway, is
both sensual and a force to be reckoned with herself, being like how
she's best portrayed, on the fence. There's a bit of Frank Miller's
Year One in this one given the presence of Juno Temple's Holly, and the
back to basics as a jewel thief, compared to the mousy secretary in Tim
Burton's Batman Returns with Michelle Pfeiffer defining the role, and
the garbage that was Halle Berry's. Anne Hathaway nailed this one with
what would be a truly memorable outing, and as if a homage of sorts to
Burton's second Batman film, that the repartee between Bruce Wayne and
Selina Kyle at a party became one of the highlights here, as does her
thievery and combat ability. She may lack her whip, but more than makes
up for it with her steel stiletto heels, and the very sensual and
sleekly designed feline moves that you'd wonder how they got delivered
while wrapped under that skin tight suit.And not only is the technology put on screen fictionally impressive,
the technical aspects behind the scenes also worked wonders, chalking
up serious mileage in having more than an hour's worth of footage shot
on the IMAX format. Wally Pfister's cinematography continues to impress
with that staying consistent to the gritty look and feel developed for
all the Bat films to date, before his departure into a film director's
role for his next project. Hans Zimmer also probably developed the best
score for Nolan's Bat films, and I dare say without which this film
would be less stellar, with the score playing a huge role in adding
plenty of character and emotion to the film, lifting it up with
excitement during the many set action pieces, with recognizable themes
assigned to major players, heightening dangers, and providing a boost
to the many feelings in this one heck of an action-adventure. With how things developed at the end, and what I felt was initial
horror of sorts with Batman out in broad daylight, secret identity
being porous and all, this film ended in what would be the best way
possible - with possibilities, and a twinkle of an eye, Inception style
with a did it, or did it not. Twists, turns, surprises and sleight of
hand, making it a clear favourite as one of the best this year. Do
yourself a favour and watch it in the IMAX format, just as it was
intended.Because you have just got to believe in Christopher Nolan, and the kind
of films he has so far delivered. Take a bow, bat-crew, for a trilogy
that has now set the bar for any comic book film, and especially any
other follow Batman movie, reboot or otherwise, to live up to.
			
The Dark Knight Rises was an outstanding end to what has been the best
trilogy I have ever seen.The film to me sums up what the batman stands for, the belief that
someone can turn their leaf and become better, the belief that the fear
that posses a person can be be destroyed or even help that person rise.
what Christopher Nolan has given us in The Dark Knight Rises is not a
lazy movie, it's a movie that makes the audience think because for me i
had to watch the film many times until i have fully understand what has
happened, and isn't that what makes a good movie when we have to watch
it again and again and again.lets move on to the acting and the star man Christian Bale who again
amazes me with his portrayal of Bruce Wayne, because even though we
don't see a lot of the dark knight i personally am okay with that
because i like seeing the real Bruce Wayne dealing with problems
without the batman costume. another star man was Tom Hardy as Bane,
"scary" yes, "intimidating" yes, "witty" yes and this list can go on.
the thing that tipped it was that we can only see his eyes, to me he
was only acting with his menacing eyes that just captivates any
audience. Anne Hathaway as catwomen was a perfect cast as she brings
the zing to the film, she's elegant and yet sexy at the same time,
which was perfect casting. perfect casting all round including
obviously Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Blake (robin).The Dark Knight Rises give audiences nearly three hours of pure
excitement, for me i wanted it to continue for another three hours, the
film was so good i had to watch the next day because it had every
element of what makes a good batman film, such as the villain (bane)
because he was the physical match for batman not like the other
phenomenal batman films which was more psychotic villains. a good love
story that doesn't bore the audience and a great ending. overall this was the ultimate ending to an ultimate trilogy which is a
must watch. once again Christopher Nolan has done something special.
			
I knew right from the opening shot of Gordon's eulogy "I knew Harvey
Dent..." with the breaking to form the Bat symbol, that this was going
to be epic. It was obvious from the beginning that the film legend. In
fact, I loved it and I think it is the best movies The Dark Knight. I
absolutely Loved it, and I'm glad they really humanized Batman and
limited his screen time in this film. Some "comic booky-actiony" type
fans didn't like the small amount of time we actually see Batman, but
that was the whole point of the trilogy! The ending, where Foley says
"there's only one police in this town" while doing their march against
Bane was really awesome. The ending was perfect. But the movie has
missed the Joker. I say as both a Batman fanboy and especially a Nolan
fanboy that this is the perfect trilogy.
			
Christopher Nolan reinvents Batman in a powerful and much darker way.
Batman Begins is a gripping and compelling origin of the hero. The Dark
Knight is a lot more serious, realistic, and powerful Batman movie. The
Dark Knight Rises is the last of the series. It is ought to be larger
and better. It does succeed to be the biggest of the rest of the
series. Although, it's not as as superior as The Dark Knight. The Dark
Knight Rises is still a fantastic and grand cinematic experience.Every sequel gets bigger and bigger. The threats are getting worse and
worse. The Dark Knight Rises is more than just big stuff. There is
always suspense that keeps the movie exciting. The best thing about the
action is it's not about being pretentiously cool, but it is made to
give you anxiety to the fights of Batman between the enemy. Tom Hardy
nailed it as Bane. He brings a lot of fear and menace to it. It's
different to The Joker but Bane is an intriguing villain.Most of the movie is the anarchy in Gotham and Bruce Wayne's suffering.
There isn't much action fighting in those scenes. What matters here is
how you can feel the danger of the characters. The chaotic turn of
Gotham really looks bleak and gloomy that makes you think everybody is
doomed. Compelling and heartbreaking emotions is always there.Much credit goes to Christopher Nolan. Despite of its almost three hour
runtime, the film is well fast paced and completely entertaining. His
action scenes are totally different to the action scenes of movies
these days. He's focused to the thrills than looking cool. Some
fistfights can be a little underwhelming, but he's best at the chase
scenes. The CGI is obviously good and not excessive.The Dark Knight Rises is a lot more daring than anyone would expect.
It's one of those superhero movies that cares more to heroism than just
action. The scale is large and it is so explosive. That is the usual
formula of all blockbusters, but here, it uses it in a darker and
suspenseful way. The Dark Knight Rises is just beyond your
expectations. It's also a fitting end of this amazing trilogy. I still
think The Dark Knight is the best of the three. That movie is something
you can't compare to any other film. Even this and Batman Begins. But
hey, The Dark Knight Rises is such an excellent grand experience.
			
After eight years in seclusion, Batman resurfaces to face Bane, a
mastermind bent on destroying Gotham and has ties to Bruce Wayne's
past. Christopher Nolan's conclusion to his Dark Knight trilogy should
be treated as a wrap up rather than a third installment. Despite many
new characters being introduced, even their conflicts and motives are
derived from events that occurred in the previous two films. Such an
approach could be seen as a weakness, since the conflict could just end
up being sort of a rematch rather than moving the story forward;
however, Nolan's approach works terrificly. Over an hour is shot in
stunning IMAX, but the film is more touching than it is intense and
that's its best quality. Hardy steps in as the genius mercenary Bane,
who is slightly bigger, slightly stronger and slightly smarter than
Batman, thus making him a challenge best suited for the grand finale.
The Joker works best as Batman's arch-nemesis since they are polar
opposites, with The Joker standing for everything Batman stands
against. Two-Face works best as Batman's most tragic enemy because
Harvey Dent is very much like Bruce Wayne the only difference is: Dent
copes with his tragedy through revenge rather than seeking justice as
Wayne did. Bane works best as Batman's most challenging villain because
of his physical and mental superiorityforget the Bane you saw in
"BATMAN & ROBIN". Nolan carefully chose all his villains in the series
wisely and executed them perfectly. Hardy had big shoes to fill
following Ledger's posthumous Oscar winning performance; while Bane is
no Joker, Hardy does a satisfying job and should not be compared to
Ledger's performance as they are completely different roles. It is
Michael Caine, however, that delivers the most memorable and touching
performance of the entire film. A wonderful conclusion to a wonderful
trilogy.**** (out of four)
			
From Christopher Nolan, Director of 'Inception' and 'The Dark Knight',
comes 'The Dark Knight Rises' or 'The Best Film I've Ever Seen'.PROS: To start off, the performances of all the actors, from leading
man Christian Bale to God himself, Morgan Freeman are all excellent.
They make the characters likable and enjoyable to watch on screen. Yes,
Bale's Batman voice can get irritating but, let's face it, 'The Amazing
Spider- Man' was irritating, too. Just like 'Skyfall', the villain
steals the show. Tom Hardy as Bane is one of the years greatest villain
performances, it actually surpasses Heath Ledger's Joker, he was good,
yes, but the way he was written, we didn't get any depth to the
character, he was just a crazy little lunatic who blew up buildings,
where Bane acts as a tenacious dictator and actually has a goal. His
voice is dominant, load and extremely scary, with a strange mix of a
British/Caribbean accent. The grand scale of the film is absolutely
huge, and it works perfectly with the IMAX frame and the loud, booming
orchestral music by Hans Zimmer. It's just a beautifully crafted film.'SPOILER ALERT!'CONS: My ONE AND ONLY gripe for this film is that Bane's death was very
anti- climactic, because I feel that Batman should have killed him. But
it doesn't take away the fact that this is a perfect film.So, not only is this the best film of 2012 to me, but the best film
I've ever seen. BY FAR.Directed by: Christopher NolanWritten by: Jonathan Nolan & Christopher NolanStarring: Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Anne Hathaway,
Tom Hardy, Marion Cotillard, Joseph Gordon- Levitt & Morgan Freeman
			
Right from the start of the movie you will be on the edge of your seat.
Personally I think this is the best conclusion I have ever seen.
Performance of each actor in the movie is outstanding.Before I saw the
movie I thought that Anne Hathaway wouldn't be as good cat-woman as
Michelle Pfeiffer was, but not only was she better, she blew Michelle
away. All the special effects are amazing and unbelievable. I have to
say I love some of the batman's new toys. I have seen it in V Max
theater last night but I am going to see it again in I MAX because Its
worth the experience. It runs for 2 hours and 45 minutes but it felt
like 30 minutes and I wanted more. 10 stars is not enough for such a
great movie. I recommend to all movie lovers out there to go and see it
in cinemas.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is the third and final installment in director
Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy. The story takes places eight years
after the events of the last film, eight years since Batman vanished
into the night and assumed responsibility for the death of D.A. Harvey
Dent in the hopes that it would benefit the greater good. But when a
new villain threatens to destroy Gotham City and cannot be stopped by
law enforcement alone, Bruce Wayne is forced to adorn the black armor
once again. The film introduces several new characters: John Blake (Joseph
Gordon-Levitt), a young police officer whose loyalty lies in doing what
is right and not blindly following his superiors. Selina Kyle (Anne
Hathaway), a cat burglar working for Bane in hopes of obtaining a
device that will erase a person's criminal history and giving her the
chance to start a new life. Miranda Tate (Marion Cotillard), who
encourages Bruce Wayne to rejoin the rest of the world and continue his
father's philanthropic work. Loyal butler, Alfred (Sir Michael Caine),
Commissioner of the Gotham Police, James Gordon (Gary Oldman) and
genius inventor, Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman), also make a return to
help Bruce Wayne become the Dark Knight once more. A new villain also
enters the fray that is just as intelligent, resourceful and a better
combatant than Batman (even breaking Batman's back at one point,
depicting a classic scene from the comic series)  Bane (Tom Hardy), a
terrorist portraying himself as a liberator of the people.Production staff really outdid themselves in making this film superb in
every detail. In regards to the dramatic aspect, filming took place in
several different cities across the world including New York,
Pittsburgh, Los Angeles, London and Jodhpur. By amalgamating different
cities, staff members helped to make his imagination of Gotham resemble
the description of the city given in the comics. Costume specialists
helped to give Bain the appearance of a lucha libre (masked wrestler),
which coupled with his resourcefulness and intelligence helped to
create the perfect villain. The Dark Knight Rises takes place in an apocalyptic time with nuclear
warfare threatening to destroy Gotham City. Cinematography experts
helped to reinforce this doomsday ambiance by having Bane and his
henchmen blow up all the bridges that lead out to the city, trapping
the entire police force underground and unleashing the hooligans from
the city jail in a scene that resembles the "Storming of the Bastille".
The federal government also abandons Gotham, leaving the people of
Gotham to fight the battle on their own. Even scenes that do not take
place in the city show the helplessness of the times. When Bruce Wayne
is imprisoned in foreign jail, Bane decides to "torture his soul" by
having him watch the events unfold in Gotham on a television set while
he is trapped in a virtually inescapable prison. Director Christopher Nolan stated that this film would mark the end of
his interpretation of the Batman trilogy. However, the end of the film
leaves the viewer with a final surprise: John Blake's legal is revealed
to be Robin John Blake, a reference to Batman's comic book sidekick,
and inherits the Batcave after Batman's "demise". This leaves the
possibility open to an additional installment in the Batman franchise,
and with the critical and financial success of the series, it may be a
smart move for Warner Brother's to make (copyright owner's to the
series).The film also leaves the viewers with a final message: a hero can be
anyone. Whether it is placing a reassuring grasp on the shoulders
friend, letting him know that things will get better, or helping a
stranger on the side of the road who is having car troubles. Nolan's
final episode is an earnest attempt to give a deserving end to a
much-loved series. With cool gadgets, fast-paced chase and fight
scenes, complex characters, and a story line that will keep you on the
edge of your seat, fans of the Batman series will not be disappointed.
			
The Dark Knight Rises capped off what is probably the best comic book
related trilogy of movies of all time. Earlier in the series you had
Batman Begins and The Dark Knight with this just being the perfect way
to finish off the series.Since the last movie it's been 7 years and Batman has been in seclusion
since then. Christian Bale returns as Batman/Bruce Wayne. A new villain
has emerged that being the menacing Bane played by the great Tom Hardy.The supporting cast has returning members like Morgan Freeman, Gary
Oldman and Michael Caine in addition to new members like Joseph-Gordon
Levitt, Marion Cotillard and Anne Hathaway.The movie has a running time of about 2 hours and 45 minutes but it
doesn't seem like it at all, the movie flows like a 2 hour movie.
			
Chris Nolan has r-e-a-l-l-y outdone himself again this time. An amazing
story that I don't even know who else could write such a treatment on
the World's Greatest Detective, the crowning glory of Nolan's Dark
Knight trilogy.I remember I once made a joke to myself a long while ago about him that
if he was going to make another movie, he would probably cast Heath
Ledger and Joseph Gordon-Levitt's respective love interests from a
movie of which they BOTH starred in and worked on-- 10 Things I Hate
About You.It would be ironically funny how both actors are connected to each
other from working at different times with the "holy-moly mind-blowing"
filmmaker and that the actresses that played their love interests would
possibly too as well.
			
Christopher Nolan has out done himself again, striking not just Batman
fans, but fans of the series and movie goers everywhere with his
beautifully crafted, last installment of The Dark Knight trilogy, The
Dark Knight Rises. The acting has always been well done in the last
two, but something about the last one really made me feel the
performances were real, quite like the late Heath Ledger's performance
as the Joker. The movie ran about two hours and forty-five minutes give
or take, but I never wanted it to end. The story progression never
seemed to drag on, the movie always kept me on the edge of my seat.
This is one that will be an all time favorite of mine, and a true
classic.10/10
			
Wow. That's all I can say. I was freaked out about this movie, because
I loved the first two. Too often have I gotten into a series, then been
horribly disappointed by the last entry (e.g. the hunger games. I hated
the third book). That being said, even though I was nervous, I still
had high expectations. And it exceeded those. The acting was excellent,
consistently to the previous movies. The action was good. The story was
great. The characters were diverse and interesting, and despite the
longevity of this film, it wasn't too slow at all. This movie was a emotional roller coaster. The ending ( here's where
the spoilers start) was extremely sad, but ironically, that was really
good. One thing i was nervous about was that the ending would be a
typical superhero movie ending: happy because the main bad guy dies or
gets arrested or whatever. This wasn't that. Ask anyone who knows me
well; I'm a very stoic guy, but this almost had me in tears. (Of
course, it could have been the fact that this part came around at 3 AM
and my mind wasn't working right.) Basically, an awesome film. My sole complaint was ( another spoiler
here ) Bane's death. I'll give it this: it was realistic. I expected
his death to be a long, drawn out sentimental thing, but in reality,
his head got blown off in a flash. At first, I thought it was stupid,
but it's sorta more realistic. Considering it's a superhero movie,
anyway.If you're worried that this will ruin the series for you, don't be. I
loved this movie. I don't know if it's as good as the Dark Knight, but
if not, it's very, very close. Watch it. Do yourself a favor.
			
I am not going to lie. I was fearful for this movie. Normally when you
think of trilogy's the third one is always the weakest one-Godfather
part 3, Spiderman 3, Matrix Revolutions. However, this movie is-in my
opinion-the strongest of the Nolan Batman Trilogy. Nolan proved to all
of the critics that he was right with going of the character of Bane, a
terrorist who has great plans to fulfil his destiny in the city of
Gotham. Tom Hardy excels in this role and it is one of his best roles
in any movie he's done. He is required to do a lot of acting with his
eyes and he has great screen presence, it immediately makes you feel
intimidated. Anne Hathaway added depth to the Catwoman character, and
portrayed her excellently. Yet, the icing on the cake is Christian Bale
who reprises his role of Batman. The whole atmosphere in Gotham is
created through Nolan's direction of the film. It's a very dark
setting, darker than The Dark Knight was, but this adds further to the
main theme of the story-redemption. It was the best movie in 2012 and
Nolan, I thank you for a superb trilogy!
			
In 2005 Christian Bale became Batman. Seven years later Christopher
Nolan's wonderful depiction of the caped crusader came to an end. For
people who have loved the first two movies in the series, The Dark
Knight Rises does not disappoint. First of all, you are drawn in from the very beginning with the music
thanks to the magnificent Hans Zimmer. Nolan clearly budgeted a lot of
money towards the special effects used throughout the film and there
are plenty to be amazed by without them feeling forced. The cast chemistry was amazing. Christian Bale for the first time was
overpowered by an adversary (Bane) and had to once again find himself.
This let Bale have more time to give us a quality portrayal of Bruce
Wayne. Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, and Gary Oldman stuck true to
their characters, where newcomer to Gotham, Anne Hathaway, gave a good
performance as the cat burglar Selina Kyle. The best performance of the
movie, however, came from Joesph Gordon-Levitt. His portrayal of an
incorruptible cop got plenty of screen time and blended perfectly with
the film. Overall Nolan's vision of Batman is by far the best Batman of all time.
The trilogy itself is a contended for best trilogy of all time in any
genre. It is hard to complain about this film, but there were two small
things I thought could have been improved. I thought Nolan's Bane was a rich, complex character. I understood the
need for the face mask, but it was hard as a viewer to understand what
he was saying. I felt like he had some amazing lines, but sometimes I
simply could not make them out. I also felt he deserved a better death,
a more noble death for such a true character. And secondly although Michael Caine's emotional performance was perfect
I would have liked to see him a little more and have more award winning
dialogue. Overall The Dark Knight Rises is still the best film I have seen in a
years. The journey Nolan has been able to take us on shows what
everyone wants to see. Someone to rise up and protect those who need
protecting. I fully expect Oscar nominations from special effects all
the way to movie of the year. If TDKR doesn't win best film of the year
I think it is safe to say that no comic book adaption ever will.
			
After watching Dark Knight Rises I concluded that if there is anybody
who can make kick-ass sequels its Nolan. The film contains everything,
from brilliant acting, raw action, out of the world one-liners and
amazing cinematography. It is already very hard to make a sequel for a
film which was just good enough hit but to make a sequel for a film
which will always be remembered as the best you have to do a very
impeccable job and that is what is done in this movie. From the
beginning to the end you have some very beautiful and emotional scenes
like the mob fight between the police and the thugs, the rise of the
Batman from the prison and the chants "Deshi Deshi Basura Basura"
towards the end where Alfred and Bruce see each other for probably the
last time and both know that he has made it.
			
I cannot imagine a "Batman" movie after "The Dark Knight Rises" (****
out of ****) without "Inception" director Christopher Nolan at the
helm. Warner Brothers and DC Comics got this legendary costume-clad
crime fighter trilogy 'right.' Sure, you can nitpick, but Nolan's
"Batman" movies differed in ambiance from those of both Tim Burton and
Joel Schumacher. Nolan's "Batman" movies trod a thin line turning a
vigilante into a hero and scrutinizing the morality of his behavior.
Essentially, Nolan rebooted the franchise, recreated Bruce Wayne and
Batman as troubled alter-egos, and turned the good versus evil episodes
of the earlier films into full-blown spectacles. While sticking
slavishly to the basics, he relied on his fertile imagination to give
the characters greater depth and examine the issue of vigilantism.
Nolan's Caped Crusader movies don't rely on humor as much as slight,
off-hand comments. The action unfolds swiftly, and the characters are
clearly delineated before the end credits roll. You prepare yourself
for the surprises. The films replicate the haunted quality that Burton
forged with his Michael Keaton forays, while Schumacher embraced a
bright, heavily saturated, slightly surreal comic book quality. Of
course, the "Batman" graphic novels of Frank Miller have influenced
Nolan. Christian Bale's part in the success of the trilogy is
considerable. He is more of a Michael Keaton "Batman" than either a Val
Kilmer or a George Clooney crime fighter. Bale is to Batman the same
way that Sean Connery was to Bond. Long-time British actor Michael
Caine makes a superb Alfred Pennyworth, but Michael Gough was no slouch
himself in the four previous "Batman" incarnations. Unquestionably,
Nolan steps back from Batman at the Caped Crime Buster's zenith. The
ending to this trilogy capper is odd. Indeed, Warner Brothers
conceivably could make another "Batman" movie based on Nolan's
conclusion to "The Dark Knight Rises."Anybody who tries to top "The Dark Knight Rises" will have a lot to
prove both artistically and financially. Christopher Nolan is to the
"Batman" movies what James Cameron was to the "Terminator" movies.
Stepping into Nolan's shoes will pose a supreme challenge for whoever
dares. Nolan approached the "Batman" franchise with reverence, played
the plots as close to straight as possible, and shunned clever
one-liners. "The Dark Knight Rises" surpasses both the "Batman Begins"
origin movie and "The Dark Knight." "The Dark Knight Rises" takes the
franchise to the brink of annihilation with what amounts to a Gotham
City Armageddon. Batman contends with two worthy opponents that played
a part in his origins. The most obvious villain is Bane. A hulking
brute of a man, he looks like a cross between of a wrestler and
equivalent of a human pit bulldog. Bane wears a contraption over his
face that enables him to handle the pain of life. Basically, we never
see British actor Tom Hardy's face because he conceals it with a mask.
Interestingly, this imbues Bane with a mystery. Furthermore, Bane
speaks through this contraption and he sounds quite avuncular. In other
words, he doesn't sound as menacing as Darth Vader, but he doesn't
mince words. Finally, former Disney princess Anne Hathaway makes a
willowy Cat Woman. Just as the Marvel people had trouble getting Hulk
right, the DC people have experienced similar trouble getting Catwoman
right. Anne Hathaway makes the perfect Catwoman.The sheer spectacle of "The Dark Knight Rises" dwarfs "The Dark
Knight." Eight years has elapsed since the murder of Harvey Dent and
the disappearance of the Caped Crusader. Guests at Wayne Manor make
remarks about the tragic figure skulking about on the balcony in the
distance. Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale of "Terminator Salvation") has
turned into a contemporary Howard Hughes. He is amazed when he catches
a burglar in his side of the mansion. Moreover, she is a delectable
burglar. She has cracked Wayne's safe and stolen his mother's pearls.
Since Gotham City is largely safe now, the authorities are not prepared
when a gang assaults Wall Street and tries to plunge the economy in
chaos. Batman makes a triumphant return in top form with a new gadget
that resembles a mini-helicopter. Initially, Batman has no trouble
licking his adversaries. Against the Catwoman, he seems vulnerable. She
likes to let him down. When he confronts Bane, Batman's gauntleted
fists exert no more effect on him than they would on a bag of cement.
Indeed, Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman of "The Fifth Element") is
back on the case. He knows the truth about Harvey Dent, even if he
doesn't know the identity of the Batman. If you missed either or both
"Batman Begins" and "The Dark Knight," you may find yourself in an
expositional purgatory. Nolan's "Batman" trilogy fits snugly together,
aside from the change of casting between "Batman Begins" and "The Dark
Knight" when Maggie Gyllenhaal replaced Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes in
the District Attorney's Office. "The Dark Knight Rises" packs the Caped
Crusader into exile. Bane batters him into submission. Nolan takes not
only Gotham City to the limit, but also he takes audiences to the limit
with an actioneer that clocks in at 164 minutes. Nevertheless, "The
Dark Knight Rises" qualifies as the best "Batman" movie ever!
			
The plot is very good and unpredictable, the story is amazing just like
The Dark Knight. Nolan did a great job doing this movie with a very
huge expectations from the movie critics following the huge success
from the earlier sequel, The Dark Knight in 2008. The Catwoman role was
bigger than I thought it would be, she was an enemy but then became
Batman's partner Tom Hardy's Bane look terrific and menacing with his
control-freak personality and a bit of Joker's agent-of-chaos. Joseph
Gordon-Levitt's role is also bigger than it looks like from the
trailer, from a young cops to be the new Batman It's very satisfying
how Nolan showed us that "Batman Always Win" and the fact that Bruce
Wayne live made my day Overall a very great movie
			
I can't express in words of how amazing this movie is. All I have to
say is go watch it for yourself.the is really the best,don't get me
wrong i enjoyed the others but this one truly takes the cake!I said
before batman begins is the best film i had ever seen without any
exception. However viewing the 2005 Christopher Nolan production, I was
pleasantly shocked. Then after my huge expectations for, "The Dark
Knight", Christopher Nolan blew my expectations to the dust. Will the
same happen with the 3rd and last film, "The Dark Knight Rises"? Quite
simply, Yes! My big expectations were once again, blown away. What a
production! This is a true cinematic experience, to behold. The movie
exceeded my expectations in terms of action, and entertainment. The
editing, sound, score, visuals, direction and action are all top
notch.I am wholly satisfied with Christopher Nolan's vision and thank
all who worked on this film for bringing such an intricate
interpretation of its very famous literary source.a big kiss for
Christian Bale and Anne Hathaway i really love them.if i visit USA this
will be for visit Christian Bale and Anne Hathaway. thanks for all.
			
This final instalment in the batman trilogy was the perfect way to end
it. The movie was very well scripted, had a gripping plot and the
execution of adding Cat woman was very effective. The main villain,
Bane, played exceptionally well by talented actor Tom Hardy (Inception)
was without a doubt the most terrifying and awesome antagonists of the
Batman and most other superhero films for that matter. His voice,
charisma coupled with his high intelligence and psychopathic mindset
was the perfect combination and he brought a certain gravity to the
film. By making him match and even exceed batman in hand to hand combat
was a nice touch. What was possible the most impressive scene of the
entire film was the opening hijacking segment. It was brilliantly shot,
and it effectively established Banes capabilities from the very
beginning. The Dark Knight Rises is also depicts the rising of Robin,
the character of John Blake, (Joseph Gordon Levitt). As though the film
wasn't already good enough, the final twist of who really was the child
of Ras al Ghul really was simply astounding, unpredictable and
brilliant. Christopher Nolan did well by making Officer Gordan find out
who Batman really was. The only flaw of the film was the departure of
cat woman and her return which was very predictable. The final scene
depicting batman's "death" is an ending unique to Christopher Nolan as
we've seen in the ending of Inception. Simply, we don't know if batman
lived or died, however there are a number if clues that are pretty
useless since they can be used to defend batman's death or survival.
This movie is a must watch.
			
This was the best way to end the Dark Knight Legend and is the best
Batman movie ever made!The story starts with Bruce Wayne being scarred and deeply injured
whilst the dark knight has disappeared for 8 years, The Dark Knight
finally returns as a new villain, Bane (Tom Hardy who is an excellent
actor), terrorises Gotham City and wants to rip it apart. Bane wears a mask to keep the pain at bay which happened in the 'pit'
(prison) so he cannot use facial expressions to show different
emotions. The amount of expressions he can do with solely his eyes is
amazing!I have watched this film 3 times and found it gripping and exciting
each time. If you have not watched this film yet, go watch it now. Also, how was this masterpiece not even nominated for an Oscar??
			
The Dark Knight Rises: Movie ReviewWe all know the first two movies in this trilogy directed by
Christopher Nolan were phenomenal. We were all worried about whether or
not this movie would live up to the high standards set by the first
two. Luckily, this succeeded in pleasing us and is an excellent
classic. The villain in this is played by the brilliant actor Tom Hardy
who gives an emotional and compelling performance as Bane, one of
Batman's greatest foes. We liked how they also included Catwoman, who
was played by Anne Hathaway. We loved the insane thrills this movie had
to offer. For example, Batman's jumping off of buildings, flying in
Bat-planes, and much more. We really liked the twist at the end, like
most good movies. The final thing that we enjoyed about this movie was
this: It's about Batman. In conclusion, The Dark Knight Rises is a must
see, and give it an A, or 10/10
			
I've always loved superhero movies and as a kid Batman was my favourite
superhero and I collected as many of the comic books as I could
possibly afford.Saying that I've never expected a superhero movie to be between the
best genres of movies that I would ever watch. I just expect them to be
entertaining and something fun to watch. I watch most of them;
Superman, Spiderman, Ironman, X-men etc.I expected the same this time but I was knocked off my feet. The
actors, the storyline, the manuscript and the filming just came
together as one of the best movies I've ever seen. This movie has
really brilliant and powerful dialogues.If you haven't seen it yet then I can strongly recommend it. I will
definitely see it again with a good bottle of wine and popcorn. Enjoy!
			
There have been a remarkable set of mixed feelings on The Dark Knight
Rises. Some people loved it, and strangely enough to myself, some
people hated it. I'm going to be honest with you and say that even
after the first viewing I wasn't so sure myself about The Dark knight
rises. But after repeat viewings and taking in little details from each
viewing, I've found the Dark knight rises to actually be a great film
that actually grows on you. This unusual quality makes it a film that
makes it enjoyable after repeat viewings. No matter what anyone tells
you, there's no denying this: Christopher Nolan has made the best
Batman trilogy ever. What makes it so great though? You'll hear a lot of people complaining
about plot holes or something, when all that should matter is the
overall quality of the story. The story of course consists of some very
important elements, themes and story arcs of all the main characters.
For the first time, Bruce Wayne is the main character and not Batman.
His arc with this film is complete and it's glorious. Beyond the
obvious metaphor of the pit he is thrown in there is another rather
interesting metaphor with the rope and having to climb without it to
escape. Did Bruce Wayne EVER really escape that well he fell down all
those years ago? What does it mean to escape that hole without the
rope? It's a metaphoric birth to something grand, because for the first
time in a long time, Bruce Wayne must escape his pit without his bat
suit, without all his toys. He must rely only on his own spirit which
has been shattered by Bane. That to me is great, comic book stuff that
we never see in superhero movies anymore because writers are too
obsessed with the whole show our hero in costume aspect of their movies
doing nothing but kicking ass. Reminding us Batman as a hero with feet
of clay who isn't completely indestructible truly drives up the tension
and serves to make the final act incredibly exciting. The buildup is
undeniably effective and emotional to the extreme. It's also great to see that this film even gave the villainess Catwoman
a complete story arc. The movie portrays a woman who goes from criminal
to the antithesis of that, but not in some contrived overnight fashion.
Selina Kyle realizes that once she has what she wants, that maybe it
isn't what she wanted all along and as a result you can see her
remorse, and apparently so could Bruce. It's great to see Catwoman
portrayed as a character with great cunning without making her look
like a psycho. She is a character with believable dimensions and Anne
Hathaway's acting was fantastic. Again, Gary Oldman is amazing as Gordon. He has fallen in a way during
this film and is desperately trying to redeem himself for letting
Batman take the fall for Harvey Dent's death. Tom Hardy is excellent as
Bane. One of the most interesting lines in the film is when somebody in
the prison says that Bane wears the mask to keep the pain at bay. Could
that be true of Bruce Wayne? Does his mask keep the pain at bay too? Is
the same thing true of Catwoman? I tend to think this is very true,
regardless of the reason for wearing the mask, it turns the person into
somebody else they no longer are. In doing so, the masks they all wear
in some respect ward off the pain. But most interesting to consider is the story arc of Blake, because we
must consider what is not on screen, the future of his character. What
he does in this film, he couldn't do as Robin or Nightwing, but as a
man demonstrating his courage and bravery in the face of certain death.
He is a worthy successor for Batman's cape and cowl, don't you think? The Dark knight Rises in my view sort of got a raw deal for how it
wasn't The Dark Knight. But then again, what film is? In order for
Batman to rise, he must first fall and fall hard. This film
beautifully captured the superhero spectacle in a way that no franchise
ever will for the foreseeable future. It's an incredible achievement
and a monument to the sub genre of Superhero film epic.
			
To stat off I am a Nolan fan-boy so do expect a bit of a bias here - my
first impression of TDKR was NOT wow (which was the case with TDK) I
mean i loved the movie but it did not have so many things that its
predecessor had - no joker, no awesome truck flip or the skyhook scene.
no intelligent crosses like when joker sends batman to Harvey dent
instead of Rachel. But despite all this, this movie had something else,
something which believe lead so many people to not really appreciate
it. That was its heart, its a story about Bruce Wayne, story about how
he has to keep going, how it shouldn't matter that Rachel is dead or
hes past his prime (make no mistake he is an aging man and not a comic
character who is stuck in his thirties since over 70 years) He needed to be reminded of his true purpose and bane did just that. It
made perfect sense, he learnt of his purpose due to Ra's AL ghul and if
there is anyone who can re-iterate that it has to be the league of
shadows itself.I think everyone should give this movie another shot, without the
nitpicking, I guarantee that you will love it.
			
What is up with all this haters? Seriously, it makes me want to laugh
because they're so ignorant. Some people here are saying: "Worst Batman
film ever", or: "I prefer watching Adam West Batman than this mess."
Wow, just wow. Anyways, enough complaining, this is one of the greatest
conclusions in film trilogies history. No worry, this is a spoiler free
review. The film is almost 3 hours long and the impressive thing is,
the movie is NEVER dull, it's always keeping you interested because if
its smart dialog and action. The story is great too. Bruce Wayne has
stopped fighting crime as the Batman for 8 years after the Joker wanted
to terrorize Gotham. But now a new threat has arrived, Bane. His plan
is to burn Gotham to ashes and the Batman is the only one who can stop
him.Now the cast in this movie is really good. Christian Bale is a great
Batman as always. Michael Caine deserves an Oscar nomination as best
Supporting character for his amazing performance as Alfred Pennyworth.
Anne Hathaway really impressed me as Catwoman. She steals any scene
she's in. Tom Hardy as Bane is a great villain in this film. My
favorite villain since the Joker. Joseph Gordon Levitt as John Blake
delivers a good performance as well. Also Morgan Freeman and Marion
Cottillard were good as well. I love Trilogies, this trilogy is in my top 5 and ranks #2 right behind
The Lord of the Rings Trilogy. In conclusion this is an amazing
trilogy, the best of superheroes films and the second best trilogy of
all time. All I have to say is, thank you Mr. Nolan, thank you. 10/10.
			
Christopher Nolan was assigned with the job of coming out with a new
Batman movie comparable to The Dark Knight. Did he succeed? In short,
yes. Is it better than The Dark Knight? No. But is it incredible,
awesome, and everything we could have hoped for? Yes. This movie would
be the best Batman movie and even one of the best movies ever if Heath
Ledger wouldn't have put on the face paint. That's what I think is the
biggest difference between the movies. While Tom Hardy's Bane is very
very well done and flat out frightening at times, nobody can top
Ledger's Joker. But don't think for a second that TDKR is any worse
because of that.The Dark Knight Rises brings the biggest threat of all three movies to
Gotham in the form of Bane. Bane is Batman's biggest threat he's ever
had physically and forces Bruce Wayne to return as Batman after
entering an isolated state. Much less happens in this movie than in the
previous two and I think it's because of the villains. In Batman
Begins, Batman had to fight the Mob, Scarecrow, and Ras Al Ghul. In The
Dark Knight, Batman had to fight the Mob, The Joker, and Two-Face. In
The Dark Knight Rises, Batman has to fight Bane, and only Bane. From
beginning to end, all Batman has to do is figure out how to defeat Bane
and stop him from finishing his evil plot. While Batman Begins is some
what lessened in genius because it has to tell the origin story of
Batman, and The Dark Knight is just obviously amazing to everyone who
sees it, The Dark Knight Rises has more of a hidden genius. Most people
will miss all the symbols and why this movie is so brilliant and such a
masterful ending to the Dark Knight's Legacy. There's so much I wish I can say, but I don't want to spoil it for you.
All I should say is see it. See it and be amazed by it. 10 Stars out of
10.
			
This film is spectacular, the closest thing I have seen to perfection
in film since the good ol days of filmmaking.If you're hoping its better than The Dark Knight, your hopes have been
answered. Christopher Nolan somehow outdoes himself once again,
delivering a fantastic plot with great action, character development,
and direction.The writing itself is a wonder. The dialogue in this film is
outstanding and perfectly fits each character.Heath Ledger set a new standard for acting talent in comic book films.
TDKR definitely meets that bar, possibly surpassing it. No single
performance is better than Ledger's but everyone gives 110% in this and
it comes together nicely. Christian Bale gives perhaps his most
heartfelt performance in this one, and Tom Hardy is terrifying as Bane.
Other regulars such as Caine and Oldman are just as good as ever.
Joseph Gordon Levitt is a breath of fresh air and plays his part to
perfection. However, I give it to Anne Hathaway for stealing the show.
She is seductive, sexy, and dangerous as Catwoman, and becomes the very
essence of the femme fatale.Hans Zimmer continues to be my favorite film composer. His score simply
blows me away, especially the way he uses the chants from the trailers
as Bane's theme. Zimmer promised us an epic score, and delivered.Editor Lee Smith and Director of Photography Wally Pfister both
continue their win streak, as well as production designer Nathan
Crowley and Costume designer Lindy Hemming.All in all, TDKR is the best of this series. It is emotionally gripping
and, at times, gutwrenching. As a current film student, I can honestly
say that TDKR possesses all of the essential qualities of an Oscar for
Best Picture. If you have seen the previous two Batman movies, you will
enjoy this film so much more than you ever have. It truly is a whole
new cinematic experience.
			
Apologies, Dominus, I have done many reviews here but to get this one
right took me 5 years and multiple re-watchings.Conclusion? Not merely great, but the "great-est" superhero film of all
time. The story is iconic and majestic in scope. The script not merely
good, it borders on perfection. The performances are nothing less than
stunning.Bale and Oldman could not give a bad performance even if you asked
them. Hathaway has never looked this good, her height and frame
infusing her Catwoman with a vibe never seen before or since. And the
almost-invisible Tom Hardy (one of the greatest actors of our age, BTW)
makes Bane as interesting a character, if not moreso, than even Darth
Vader himself.So why did this review take me 5 years? To discover the dissonance
between the three parts of the trilogy, which is the only flaw, the
Achilles Heel of the boxed set.Ordinarily a trilogy should be harmonious and consistent. Look at the
original Lord of the Rings as the best example. Each part not only
stands on its own but, taken in sequence, the story builds, the
characters become clearer, everything works to a conclusion.Like an orchestra reaching a crescendo.Not so here. The whole is weakened by the sum of the parts. Batman
Begins is, frankly, sloppy. Great ideas and even great performances are
lost in a weak narrative with a unsatisfying conclusion.The Dark Knight has become iconic in its own right but not because of
the way it continues the story, but rather because of the amazing
one-of-a-kind performance by Ledger.It is only when we get to Part 3 that we achieve perfection. This film
is not merely better than than the first two, it may be the best film
of its genre, ever.
			
The plot is relatively simple, as Gotham endures Bane's hostile
takeover while Batman-- and, working separately, the intrepid John
Blake-- tries to figure out how to fix it. But as ever with Nolan's
Batman movies, which he co-writes with Jonathan Nolan, there are so
many damned details to get through to even understand what's at stake,
and who's threatening it. Bane's goals are maddeningly unclear for a
long section of the movie, as is Batman's motivation to jump back into
action, and while the fight scenes between them are electric, neither
character feels like the true heart of the movie. That role falls to
Gordon-Levitt, who humps around Gotham doing the kind of detective work
Batman might do in a smaller story, setting himself up as the
clear-eyed hero in a more complex world. He's the best thing in the
movie, sneaking just ahead of Hathaway's slinky and witty Catwoman, and
at times it seems even Nolan would rather spend time with John Blake
than with the Bat. With the exception of one lengthy detour, the action mostly sticks with
Gotham this time around, and the fictional city-- an amalgam of New
York's skyline, Pittsburgh's rivers and Chicago's highway tunnels--
comes alive more vividly than ever before. The dazzling IMAX
photography certainly helps, using both wide aerial shots and
ground-level street scenes to plunge the audience into the grandeur and
mounting unrest in the city that's so obviously worth saving. Even Bane
says that he is Gotham's reckoning, not Batman's, and populated as it
is by such interesting people-- Morgan Freeman's Lucius Fox, Michael
Caine's Alfred, and Marion Cotillard's Miranda Tate also being part of
the equation-- it's easy to be invested in Gotham's salvation, even
when the man in the bat suit charged with saving it is less engaging
than he's ever been. As the conclusion to a genuinely game-changing trilogy The Dark Knight
Rises is appropriately big and ambitious, and it's unlikely we'll see
anyone make a superhero movie with Nolan's sense of scale and devotion
to old-school, captured-on-film frazzle-dazzle. It has moments that are
captivating and special, but also lines of duologue impossible to
swallow, plot developments that meander, and a commitment to real-world
political overtones that don't quite line up with the story. It's
sprawling but undeniably engaging, not quite the blast of clever mayhem
The Dark Knight was, but no slouch either. Batman will live on beyond Nolan, and hopefully with a filmmaker who
finds him a bit more interesting, but the world he inhabits will never
look quite the same, and short of someone letting Nolan make his series
of Gotham movies without the Bat, it's probably the best we'll ever see
this city. No one goes into a superhero's movie to explore the world he
lives in, but Nolan dares us to do it anyway, and his willingness to
challenge his own genre makes The Dark Knight Rises, like all of his
Batman films, unmissable.
			
So after seeing the The Dark Knight my expectations were pretty high
for this movie and most movies would fail miserably but luckily The
Dark Knight Rises is not one of most movies. It absolutely lived up to
my expectations. What was good about the movie? Pretty much everything.
The acting was top notch in this movie everyone does a good job in it.
The action was great but the movie is great without action. Tom Hardy
as Bane is one of the most terrifying villains I have ever seen. I
likes the characters, the story everything. The one gripe that people
might have is that it is very dark. But even that is not a real issue.
In the end I loved this movie I recommend it to everyone an even though
its not as good as The Dark Knight its still an amazing movie.
			
First of all, when I was in the theater watching (The Dark Knight) I
said to myself that there's no way I'm going to miss the next movie in
this series. after the epic nature and the overwhelming performance
also the art of directing that makes you live inside the movie as we
have seen in The Dark Knight, I expected this one to be at least the
same level and I was absolutely correct. Christopher Nolan is the best
Director out there, the way he makes you become part of the movie and
feel the same feeling of every character you see is just magical, and
add to that the fantastic music of Hans Zimmer, not to mention the
Perfect Selection of the Actors and Actresses in this movie. Before The
Dark Knight all of us used to watch super hero movies and consider them
the kind of thing that would never happen in real life but things
changed after the epic clash between batman and the Joker, The Dark
Knight Rises even make it more reasonable it makes you think that if
there was a batman he would be exactly like this. and it is being
proved in each scene as you go through the movie, how hard it is to
live with the cruelty of bane, how it is really hard to find weapons
and devices to use that they use everything they got (unlike other
action movies that everyone suddenly have a 100 gun when it is time to
fight) it is like what would really happen if Bane came to your city
and Batman was to defend it. in other words you can call this movie a
masterpiece,if you didn't watch it yet then what are you waiting for?
			
what can i say really, this movie is fantastic. the plot is genius. the
actors and so well put together. the best movie of 2012!The direction they took this movie is beautiful. and the way ended the
trilogy is breathtaking.This is the best batman movie. his biggest job yet!Save gotham one last time! the rise sequence is perfect. Lovie it! 10/10 all the way.nolan the way.....Nolan is amazing! :)Also, Bane is great. Now i like joker and bane both. i like them eqaul.
The joker scared me but yet i rooted for him. Bane really freaked me
out! Scary stuff!
			
The Dark Knight Rises is a brilliant,excellent and masterful epic
conclusion to The Dark Knight Trilogy. Filled with excellent
direction,wonderful performances,great Action and epic storytelling,The
Dark Knight Rises is Christopher Nolan at his best.Set eight years after the events in The Dark Knight,Batman/Bruce
Wayne(Christian Bale) has been a recluse and retired as Batman and
Gotham City has been at peace as well as safe and quiet. But when a new
threat and terrorist named Bane(Tom Hardy)comes into Gotham City and
threatens to destroy and demolish Gotham,Batman must come out of
retirement to fight and face Bane and save the city of Gotham from
destruction.The Dark Knight Rises is a powerful and unforgettable conclusion to The
Dark Knight Trilogy,it is a film that loved since I saw it in theaters
and I cannot understand why the film has gotten a mixed to negative
reception with most Batman fans. I guess because this film came out
after Nolan's other films The Dark Knight and Inception which raised
the bar really high when it comes to filmmaking and were universally
loved by everyone and comparing this film with the other two this film
can be seen as letdown for most people but not to me. The Dark Knight
Rises is an Epic in the truest since of the word because Nolan has
created a film that is big not only in length(2 Hours and 45
minutes)but in scope as well bringing everything to higher level
whether it's the Action or the storyline. The film was so epic it
probably would be longer with an overture like the epics of the 50s and
60s. Most of the time the third film in the trilogy is usually seen as
the weakest but Nolan is a smart filmmaker who knows that if you are
going to complete a trilogy you have to go out with a huge bang and
TDKR goes out with not only a bang but with explosions. What I love
about TDK Trilogy is that while all of them are three connected films
all them are different in story. If Batman Begins is an origin story
and Action/Adventure and The Dark Knight is a Crime Drama then TDKR can
be described as a War Film. TDKR is War Film in sense where there are
armies rising and gangs are controlling the streets with power,guns and
tanks and Gotham is divided like a Civil War between the rich and poor
or cops and criminals. With the theme of War and control running
throughout the film you pulled into a Dystopian nightmare where Gotham
City is being held hostage and not the cops or government can do
anything about it and the only person that can do anything about is
Batman. In TDKR we see not only the physical but also the mental toll
being Batman has had on Bruce Wayne. Bruce has become broken down and a
recluse and the damage of being Batman has affected his friendships and
relationships or lack there of. Bane is such a great villain because
where The Joker in TDK wanted to make people evil and corrupt and
wanted to burn Gotham,Bane wants the people of Gotham to take control
and take back the city of Gotham from the corrupt and the rich and
create a revolution and army and still wants to destroy Gotham City.
Bane is villain unlike Batman has ever faced before because Bane can
match Batman on no only a physical level but on an intelligence level
as well. The Action scenes in the film are amazing and like the first
two films are done in a realistic way. Each Action scene is handled
with a great deal of suspense and build up and this time it is done on
an big scale to match the epic feel of the film. When the Action in the
film happens you are glued to the screen and mesmerized. The ending of
the film lasts about 20-30 minutes and it will blow you away with it's
filmmaking and craft. The ending will have you cheering and smiling and
it is a great conclusion to this film and The Dark Knight Trilogy. The cast does an excellent jobs in their roles. Christian Bale is
excellent in his final performance as Batman/Bruce Wayne bringing the
same depth and intensity to the role. Tom Hardy is simply brilliant and
scary as Bane,with using his voice,eyes and body language for the
performance. Hardy's performance in my opinion makes Bane one of the
best villains in film history. Gary Oldman is great once again as Jim
Gordan,with Oldman bringing cynicism and depth to the role. Joseph
Gordon-Levitt is fantastic as Blake,an idealistic rookie cop. Anne
Hathaway is wonderful and sexy as Catwoman/Selina Kyle and has great
scenes with Bale. Marion Cotillard does a great job as Miranda,Bruce's
other love interest. Morgan Freeman excels once again as Lucius
Fox,Batman's weapon maker. Michael Caine is amazing once again as
Alfred. Caine's final scenes with Bale are powerful and well-acted.
Matthew Modine(Foley)and Ben Mendelsohn(Daggett)give good performances
as well.The direction by Christopher Nolan is excellent and brilliant,with
Nolan always moving the camera and having great shots and camera angles
and giving the film an epic feel and Nolan does a great job with the
Action scenes. Great direction by Nolan.The score by Hans Zimmer is brilliant and intense and matches the dark
and epic tone of the film. A great memorable score by Zimmer.In final word,if you love Batman,Christopher Nolan,Comic Book
films,Superhero films or films in general,I highly suggest you see The
Dark Knight Rises,a brilliant,masterful and epic conclusion to an
excellent trilogy that you can watch again and again. Highly
Recommended. 10/10.
			
Christopher Nolan does not make simple movie anymore, does he? I was
emotionally exhausted right from the start to finish in this
captivating 2 hours and 45 minutes of viewing, I barely have time to
digest the richness of its storytelling and it lingered in my mind long
after experienced it.The Dark Knight Rises (TDKR) is a fitting epic ending to the most
compelling, ambitious superhero movie trilogy ever. In term of
audaciousness, the closest I can think of is another DC Comics,
Watchmen (Snyder, 2009), without a doubt you are looking at the
pinnacle of superhero comic movie adaptation in these two. Both have
equal brooding style, Watchmen has a superior narrative style because
it is benefited from a direct existing material while Nolan's Batman
trilogy punches pure entertainment with accessibility to both general
audience and comic geeks.By the 3rd part of trilogy, gone are the days of the main characters'
introduction, where we are straight to the engrossing pay off
time.Batman's vehicle evolved from Tumbler who looks like tank to a
two-wheels Batpod to The Bat that fly with ease (yes, Lucius Fox
confirms that it comes in black colour). The story sets 8 years after
the event of The Dark Knight where Bruce Wayne went into long hiatus.
The newcomer Anne Hathaway plays the role of Catwoman. Under normal
circumstances, she and Catwoman do not belongs to the same bracket, but
somehow she pull it off with the seductive performance coupled with the
touch of insecurity from her. Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays as a closed
aide to Commissioner Gordon. Meanwhile, Marion Cottillard is an
important figure in Wayne Enterprise.The main villain, Bane is played by Tom Hardy where his presence on the
screen is downright menacing. He is physically tough and hulky. He may
not be as intimidating as Joker, but somehow I fear for anyone who is
near to him because he seems like he would snap the neck of the person
standing next be it his henchmen or enemy. I really felt for Batman
during one of the brutal knuckle fight with Bane. He absolutely gives
Batman a painful thumping. On the grand scale, he masterminded a
sinister plan for the downfall of Gotham City. He strikes the people of
Gotham with fear, he actually gives the Gotham citizens some faint hope
before striking it down with furious vengeance, all before the eyes of
a helpless Bruce Wayne. Given the fleshed out background story, it is
obvious Bane is the most complex villain in TDK trilogy.I am pleased that we are now at the second decade of the golden age of
superhero comic movie adaptation where there are plenty of choices we
are spoilt of. The sky is the limit as far as CGI is concern, nowadays
no matter how transcendent the comic is, the cinema medium just easily
lift the concept from the comic book panels. While Joss Whedon's The
Avengers is fun, loud, a kind of borderline juvenile stuff, TDKR on the
other hand is a serious, realistic, brooding, Gothic feel drama. It
stings to say this because I am a huge follower of Joss. Let me
reiterate that The Dark Knight Rises is an epitome to action-orientated
movie; not just limit to superhero comic adaptation genre. Whoever
wants to remake a movie about Batman after Christopher Nolan, I wish
him/her best of luck.My movie review at www.sowyau.blogspot.com/
			
The unprecedented fervor surrounding the release of the final Batman
film of Christopher Nolan's highly acclaimed trilogy is something we
probably should have seen coming. Fans of the films are rabid about the
movies getting their just dues, and it's become the (unfortunate) habit
of many a fanboy to go ballistic on anyone who is a naysayer. That
said, these people are devotees of the series for a reason: each of the
two previous offerings have been nothing short of fantastic, and there
was no reason to believe that the thirdand finalinstallment, The Dark
Knight Rises, would be any different.The question that's on everyone's mind, of course, is if it really does
meet (and ultimately exceed) the impossibly high standards set by its
predecessors. The answer is a resounding "yes." The Dark Knight Rises
is incredibly ambitious and incredibly satisfying; it's also the best
film of the trilogy.Allow me to explain why.In both Batman Begins and The Dark Knight, Gotham was in peril. Madmen
assailed the city's citizens for varying reasonssome more concrete
than otherswhile a troubled hero in Bruce Wayne sought to use his
resources (namely access to incredibly advantageous weaponry and a
whole slew of kick-assery he obtained while a brief member of the
League of Shadows) to disarm those would see the town destroyed. While
his character has always been interesting, Bruce Wayne hasn't been a
truly engrossing dramatic figure. That all changes with The Dark Knight
Rises.Here, we see Bruce/Batman's tragedy and redemption come around full
circle. At the start of the movie, Wayne is a man crippled by the
exploits he's undertaken as the caped crusader. He's a recluse who's
holed up in Wayne Manor. As we're allowed to see him move beyond
exchanging witty barbs with his longtime butler (and caretaker) Alfred
Pennyworth, the emotional pay-dirt finally emerges, and the
characterin the words of the late Ra's Al Ghulbecomes more than just
a man. He becomes the embodiment of grief; here, it's clear that
there's a tangible psychological block that's eating Bruce from the
inside out. The first hour of Rises is devoted to mining this pain, and
it makes Bale's portrayal of Bruce more accessible than ever.Then there's the action, which hits its stride about halfway through
the production. Once it gets going, it's relentless and, for lack of a
better word, harrowing. Everything that's happening in the streets of
Gotham has weight behind it, as the city faces a challenge unlike
anything that's come before.I feel like I'm on the verge of spilling the beans about some major
plot points, so I'll wind things down by saying that the supporting
castTom Hardy as Bane and Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyleare all
splendid. They each bring something crucial to their characters, and
not a moment of screen time is wasted.I don't need to tell you this, but if you haven't already purchased
your ticket for Nolan's epic conclusion to what will go down as one of
the best trilogies in movie history, then you need to get on the ball.
After all, this is one of those rare occurrences in cinemathe
emergence of a truly great movie that actually lives up to every ounce
of hype.Nicely done, Mr. Nolan. You deserve the Oscar nods that are surely
coming your way.
			
Words cannot express how I felt after watching The Dark Knight Rises..
A sense of hope that even in the most dismal of situations one should
have. A sense of relief that this trilogy did not go in the way of most
trilogies. A sense of sadness that this would be the last batman movie
in the Nolan franchise. But more than all this, I was elated and joyous
about the way this movie kept my interest throughout the whole 2 hrs 45
min. To say one word about this film.. EPIC !!! . All the characters
completely complimented one another. Was especially astounded by Bale,
Hathaway, Hardy and Caine's performances. I am definitely going once
again for this one.
			
The Dark Knight Rises definitely was one of the most anticipated movies
ever. Its predecessor The Dark Knight raised the stakes so high that
expectations surrounding this film was gigantic. Definitely it was a
perfect end to the trilogy ( given that Nolan said it would be the last
of his Batman films) but Rises was not even remotely close when
compared to the Dark Knight. The Major flaws of the films include the incomprehensible motives of
Bane. The Nuclear Bomb with a six mile radius. The hurried and
unintelligible relationship between Bruce and Miranda Tate and finally
the unnecessary length of the film. Bruce Wayne is without his wealth
and I really missed the Rich Playboy in action. However That might be
because of enforcing the Dark tone of the series furthermore. But
really Bruce Wayne without his wealthy attitude is kind of a miss one
has to admit. The film Hurries in some of the parts which it required
to elaborate and elaborates some of the parts that were really not
necessary. Bane as a super Villain wasn't really great. He talks too
much when compared to his imposing physical built. Scarecrow's
unnecessary appearance as a judge of the court literally made no sense.On the Positive side the Acting has been really top notch. Anne
Hathaway is definitely the catch of this film. She really did a
brilliant Job, and her chemistry with Batman was also fascinating.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt also pulled out a very convincing performance.
Goes without saying Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman and Gary Oldman
played their part with astonishing brilliance as it is expected to be.
And finally Special mention must be made of Christian Bale, he really
proved it one more time that he is worth of every critical acclaim he
has achieved so far. Every single agony, every single contradiction and
every single suffering of the torn apart Bruce was portrayed with
perfection. For me It is really hard to visualize someone else playing
Batman other than Chris Bale. The Action sequences of the film were
pretty good, the chase, the Flying bat and the stunts were really
pleasing to the eye. The Ending was also top notch according to me and
its at this very point the film hits the highest note. The redemption
of Bruce is something that is indeed a daring step and was executed to
perfection. Here credit must be given to Christopher Nolan to take the
story to a point where Bruce Wayne no longer needed The Batman. Levitt
finding the Bat cave and taking up the mantle of justice and Bruce with
Selina in Florence fulfilling Alfred Pennyworth's life long dream had
to be the Best scenes of the film and was indeed worth every penny. The
film established what it sought to, Batman is not an individual,
anybody can be the Batman, its a symbol and does not matter who is
wearing the mask and the cape. But the Film takes too long to establish
what it wants to with quite a few plot holes and becomes
incomprehensible at times. In the End it has to be admitted that Christopher Nolan is capable of
much more and I believe this film could have been made much better. The
Dark Knight Rises though a fitting end to the trilogy is not even
remotely close to the Dark Knight. That is where the disappointment
creeps in a bit more. The Dark Knight Perhaps is the best superhero
movie ever made and it will be wrong to compare it with "Rises" but
then again this comparison was bound to come. If one has no memory of
the Dark Knight, 'Rises' is definitely a worthy watch. It is really
interesting to see what Christopher Nolan does from here. 'Rises' in my
opinion marks the end of an era in this great filmmaker's career and
his fans will definitely keep an watch on what turn does it take from
here onwards.
			
Words cannot adequately describe how awesome this movie is! It is
everything you thought it would be and much more. Most certainly a
beautifully crafted psychological crime thriller and a truly satisfying
conclusion that does justice to the trilogy. Batman isn't exactly the
cool hero with fancy gadgets nor is he the strongest. His inner
strength is tested, he is physically and mentally pushed to his limits
and all odds are against him. What an epic finale! Christian Bale as always is perfect as Bruce Wayne and Batman but Tom
Hardy's portrayal of Bane almost steals the show. Unlike Batman's mask
where you get to see the emotions through eyes and mouth of the actor,
Bane's mask covers his entire mouth, leaving only his eyes in view.
Despite an obscured face, actor Tom Hardy seems to have found a way to
brilliantly express his emotions physically! He projects Bane's
character, the strength, pain, attitude and the darkness by movements
and body language alone! Bane is as intellectual as he is strong, which
makes him genuinely terrifying. He is easily the most formidable of all
Batman villains in the trilogy and simply owned the scenes he was in. Hans Zimmer does an excellent job with the background score that sets
the pace of the movie and compliments the visual artistry. The music
makes you feel the excitement and energy of the movie. Both Anne
Hathaway and Joseph Gordon-Levitt do justice to their characters.
Hathaway is believable as Catwoman. Last but not the least, Michael
Caine gives a very effective and heartfelt performance as Alfred. The special effects in this movie are so good, that it seems very real.
The Batpod, which made its appearance in Dark Knight is back in this
movie and it is exceedingly cool. But wait till you see 'The Bat'! This movie has a stellar start, will keep you on the edge of your seat
with adrenaline-pumping action sequences, intense drama both emotional
and dark, has several layers of the story interweaving with frequent
curve balls thrown in. But the movie never loses momentum, it
ultimately sets you up for a fantastic climax and probably a very
unpredictable yet satisfying end. It will keep you guessing till the
very last second and that is the magic of Christopher Nolan's amazing
masterpiece, The Dark Knight Rises.I will give this movie 10 out of 10.
			
I have to give this movie a 10. I just have to. I thought The Dark
Knight was good but this movie just blows Dark Knight out of the water
without even flinching. Yeah, it's that good.SPOILER ALERT! To start off with I knew very little about what was
happening other than what the movies tell you coming into this movie. I
never read any of the comics or any of that stuff. So the fact that i
understood it as well as i did and felt like i completely understood
what was going on is tribute and credit to Christopher Nolan's
OUTSTANDING directing capabilities.I was surprised by some things at first but some of them made sense
after a couple of views. One thing still doesn't make sense to me
though; what in the heck was Bruce thinking? He hasn't had a good
workout for 8 years and he tries to go take on someone who's both
stronger than him and his martial arts equal? What the heck? That still
baffles me. However i'll never forget how i felt the first i saw Bane
just pick Batman apart without even flinching and breaks his back right
at the end. I was even told beforehand that Batman gets his trash
kicked but nothing could have prepared me for that absolute beating.
Not to mention that kick that Bane delivers when Batman is on the
stairs has to be one of the most savage and devastating kicks i've ever
seen in my life. It's almost like i can hear some of Batman's ribs just
shatter even inside his body armor when Bane kicks him like that! I
still cringe even after watching the fight scene literally dozens of
times.The whole movie is just incredible. That's the one word to sum it all
up. Incredible. The slow start and the great buildup towards the climax
of the movie. Then, when Gary Oldman asks Batman what they're going to
do and Batman just responds with one word: "War" i got chills. I got so
excited when i saw how everything was going to play out! It was nice in
a way to see Batman get his revenge on Bane but that was also a kind of
cheap way because he used his elbow blades to slash Bane's mask which
made him significant weaker to the point where Batman could beat him.
But even then after Batman tries to return the savage kick Bane gave to
him while Bane is helplessly lying there on the ground just doesn't
compare. Sorry Bruce, Bane's the more savage kicker. The breathtaking
betrayal at the end i never saw coming.This is one incredible movie! Outstanding performances by everyone
especially by Christian Bale as Batman and Tom Hardy as Bane. Bane goes
down as one of my all time favorite villains after that amazing
performance by Tom Hardy.Do yourself a favor and get a copy of this movie!
			
I loved this film, a perfect ending to the " Dark Knight" trilogy. It
was shocking, but just perfect when Batman blew up in the Bat...
because at the end, when Joseph Gordon-Levitt went to the Batcave to
become the new hero, it showed that Batman isn't a person, but a
symbol. It barely won anything though! I don't know how the Oscars
didn't nominate it for sound, visual effects, I even think it should've
gotten an Adapted Screenplay nod & maybe even Best Picture, they've
nominated action films before for Best Picture. Even at the Kid's
Choice Awards, stupid Kristen Stewart beat Anne Hathaway for Favorite
Female Buttkicker! It won NOTHING at the MTV Movie Awards & at the Teen
Choice Awards, it won 1 out of 5 awards, winning for Choice Movie
Actress: Action - Anne Hathaway! This movie deserved more than it got
and it gets a full 10/10.
			
May contain some spoilersJust saw the movie yesterday night and it was absolutely awesome.The
film starts off with a slightly gloomy start showing the sulking image
of bruce wayne.But within the first 15 minutes the epic was getting
ready.Bane certainly provided an imposing villain image.The story
slowly gains speed and the background composed by hans zimmer certainly
added to the dark setting of the movie.By the time at the end of the
first half we see bruce fall to the lowest point both physically and in
spirit.We see the people of gotham terrorized and certainly in fear of
bane.Then bruce learns the path of his escape and it certainly gets us
of our seats when the dark knight finally rises to save the people of
gotham and the cops. Gordon-Levitt performs his role with perfection
and its quite an important one too.Certainly a movie to watch and of
course the blockbuster of the year. Nolan has certainly provided the
best trilogy for batman. I doubt that any other batman reboot would
even come close to this. For me it certainly surpasses dark knight or
any other movie.Nolan provides a fitting end to the spectacular series.
Its like he planned the trilogy right from the beginning.I hear people
complaining about 164min duration but i just felt the time fly.please
watch this film in theaters to enjoy the effects.
			
Nolan has created a Pulp Masterpiece. With Batman Begins and The Dark
Knight, Nolan set out to get Batman back to his gritty roots. With
Rises, Nolan slowly backs out of the grittiness and enters a pulpier
realm. A Bondian realm that begins with a mid-air high-jacking. Has a
villain that wears a mask 99% of the film. Batman and Catwoman fighting
side by side only to be stopped by gunfire from henchmen so incompetent
they can only hit their own comrades rather than hitting their intended
targets. And of course a nuclear bomb countdown. Nolan clearly has a
love for James Bond films (as he also showed with Inception). As a
fellow Bond aficionado, I really appreciate this, and it only adds to
my overall enjoyment of the film. Superhero movies generally follow a
particular formula. I could predict the plot beats of most of the
recent Marvel films (this is not a complaint of Marvel's Cinematic
Universe, just an observation). The point is that this film (as its
predecessor did) threw me more surprises than most films of this genre
typically do. And my expectations were blown away. TDKR has a very
intricate structure, and for being 165 minutes long, the movie flies by
at a nice pace. Nolan's film has the feeling of a Coppola-sized epic from the 1970s,
with its plot complexity, large cast of characters, intricate dialogue
scenes with equal helpings of pain and tragedy. Many scenes in the film
are shot in an orange/sepia tone that reminds me of The Godfather Part
II. Tom Hardy's Bane is a mythical, Kurtz-like antagonist. The film has
subtext and some political satire, one can interpret that how they
will. "The Dark Knight Rises" could very well be the most polarizing film of
Nolan's career thus far, hopefully the debate will continue.
			
Christopher Nolan has made tons of great movies in the past. Insomnia,
Memento, The Prestige, and Inception. His most recognized movies are
from his Dark Knight Trilogy which contains Batman Begins, The Dark
Knight, and The Dark Knight Rises. The predecessors of TDKR were
nothing short of great, but TDKR exceeded all of my expectations. The
very first lines of the movie picks up right where we left off in TDK
with Jim Gordon talking about Harvey Dent. Then we cut to one of the
greatest opening scenes ever assembled. Then learn about the Dent Act
which is keeping all of the mob contained in prison. Then things start
to go bad again and Bruce Wayne decides he must put back on his cape
and cowl. The story is very entertaining and keeps you drawn in for the
entire movie from start to finish. Speaking of which the ending of this
movie was fantastic. I did not see it coming and it was just flat out
genius. In this epic conclusion Christopher Nolan out does himself
again! This is a must see movie 10 out of 10!
			
This is my first review I want it to be simple TDKR is an epic
conclusion to any superhero movie ever seen its lengthy and dark
because of pressure of previous blockbuster TDK it builds up its story
slowly n deserves multiple viewings to clarify every aspect its not
fast paced as TDK but it is just like begins in terms of story telling
and it is superior to every other super hero movies because it delivers
what it promises and this is satisfying ending it doesn't leaves you
frustrated TDKR completes on the great trilogies in movie history.
Finally, I would like to thank Christopher Nolan for portraying Batman
in a way no one ever thought was possible and for making one the best
trilogy of all time.
			
After a third viewing, I cannot praise enough how much I adore this
movie. It is another magical film made by a director on a role since
2000, Christopher Nolan.There is so much to love about the conclusion. Our favorite characters
are back. The story itself is superbly told, the acting is brilliant,
the music is superb, the action scenes are brilliant and the dialogue
is good but cheesier than ever before Tom Hardy looked the Bane for
this movie. Christian Bale had not lost it with Batman, neither had
Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman or Michael Caine. The story was very well
told and honestly, the dialogue in the movie is good but very cheesy,
adding much unnecessary dialogue parts such as Bane- "So you have come
back to die with your people" Batman- "No, I came to stop you" That
part would've been a whole lot more powerful without Batman delivering
any dialogue. There are certain dialogue points that do let the movie
down, but only for an instance. There wasn't five minutes in the movie
where I felt bored. It was that entertaining The direction by
Nolan...is well....BRILLIANT! He has done it again. The beauty about
Nolan, despite his immense success with the Dark Knight is that he was
able to start right back from the beginning in this movie. He knew the
job had to be done new and that he had to go back to the basics if he
were to succeed The characters are great. Bane was superb. Blake was
great as was every other character who was there The movie was
emotionally draining and intensely exciting. The comedic lines were
done well but the script could've been a bit better. My only real issue
with the movie is in the DVD where some scenes contain black bars but
other scenes do not have any. It would've felt much better if the
entire movie contained no black bars or black bars all the way through.*Spoilers ahead** The plot twist at the end of the movie with the
discovery that Miranda is actually Talia Al Gul, the daughter of Ra's
Al Ghul and friend of Bane, who all along was just a protector was a
surprising plot twist. By the end, we are emotionally connected with
Bane Bane's death however was a vast disappointed when he just gets
blasted away by Catwoman. Despite having a fight, seeing his torture
himself to death would've felt far more satisfying than getting blown
to smytherines.Batman's supposed death was handled very well and despite knowing what
happens, I still felt teared up.***End of spoilers** Overall, the Dark Knight Rises is a must get movie
for DVD and is a very satisfying conclusion to an epic triloy,
suffering very minor issues with some cheesy dialogue sequences.
			
Never has a comic book film make you care about the main character
especially throughout a trilogy, these movies should be viewed as one
big film, it all adds up and comes to full circle in this one. The
acting alone in this movie hits you hard and when Bane appears on the
screen it's nail biting. From Christian Bale, Tom Hardy, Ann Hathaway,
Michael Caine, Joseph Gordon Levitt, Gary Oldman the list goes on and
they make this movie well worth it.You really feel for Bruce Wayne the most in this movie (because its a
batman film) and the ending has the best pay off ever and is very
emotional and satisfying. One of the best things about this movie is
when you watch it more than once you pick up on things you may have
missed which i find more gratifying in a movie, its like watching it
all over again and those movies to me are the best, its definitely not
a one and done type of movie so you get your moneys worth. This movie
definitely deserves the praise it has. Its going to be a long time
until someone makes a comic book trilogy as brilliant as this one.
Thank you Nolan.
			
I have seen all of the batman movies (all of them) and saying the The
Dark Knight Rises is the best out of any of them is no understatement.
Nolan delivers a spectacular conclusion to the best trilogy I've ever
witnessed in the cinemas. Every camera shot, order of scenes, and the
dialogue was so meticulously delivered, it sets the bar pretty damn
close to perfection.Lets start off with the actors, Christian Bale reprised the role of
Batman brilliantly. Failure, redemption, and all the emotions that took
part in his character, Bale delivered and did to convincingly. Anne
Hathaway, although she had big shoes to fill (pheiffer) did not
disappoint. I could see why a younger fresher actress beaten out the
likes of Angeline Jolie and Charlize Theron for the role. The Selina
Kyle in Nolan's interpretation was cunning, intelligent, beautiful,
deadly and yet humane. The veterans (john michael cane, morgan freeman)
were fantastic as expected. The real surprise for me was Tom Hardy. The
manifestation of Bane. The first thing that came to my mind while I was
walking out of the theater was how much fear the character had
conveyed. Not only in his own actions but how people reacted to his
character. I am sort of tired so I will stop here. I must say though,
to all who love bashing movies, save it for another. This movie is one
to see. Don't wait for it come out on bluray or download it, go to the
theater and watch it. It is not a movie, but an experience.
			
I was super excited since the very day when the trailer of the movie
came out and was waiting ever eagerly for another master piece by one
of the greatest movie makers of all time Christopher Nolan. I was
fortunate enough to see it first day. And yes it was not all
disappointing as the movie was truly amazing. The story line woven intricately with all the characters touches you
heart, mind and soul and you wish that the experience never ends and
keeps you on the edge of the seat till the end of the movie. Nolan has definitely added another master-piece to his ever-lasting
collection and the grand finale will truly leave you spell-bound. Christian bale as impressive as usual and Tom Hardy plays the Bane
flawlessly. Anna Hathaway does justice so as ever depending Morgan Freeman and
Michael Caine. Joseph is also amazing.Hans Zimmer music leaves is awesome which will be ringing in your ears
even after you have left the cinema ! Oh boy, what we all have been
waiting for is here and a must see for everyone !!!!!One of the best trilogies ever made !YES, THE DARK KNIGHT HAS RISEN !!!! Dey-shey dey-shey Bah-sur-rah bah-
sur-rah !!!!!
			
It's been eight years since the events of the immediate predecessor to
this(a film that this matches in most ways, tops in several, and the
only thing it lacks that that has, is Heath Ledger's Joker, and, well,
that's part force majeure), and we see the outcome of that. Legislation
has made organized crime a thing of the past in the city, and with no
need for the caped crusader, Bruce(once again impeccably acted by
Bale... and yes, the voice has thankfully been toned down) has a gap in
his life that he doesn't know how to fill(straining the relationship
between him and Alfred, played by the usually charming and compelling
Caine). When a mysterious masked man, known as Bane, a dominating
physical presence with a brain(played largely by Hardy's eyes and
brows... taking a ton of his tools as an actor away, and still he does
incredible), with unclear motives makes his presence known, he realizes
he will have to become Batman again. But is he enough to take out this
new threat? This finishes the series, providing closure to the
characters and story. Catwoman is done right here, and just about
perfect. She's finally a femme fatale... hot and manipulative. They do
with her what we hoped they'd do with Black Widow. And this does
justice to the relationship between her and Wayne. The performances are
great all around. Most return from the other two(and Freeman gets a lot
more to do), with a few new faces, such as Gordon-Levitt as idealistic
cop John. This does a lot to surprise us, and like TDk, it does it
right, with hardly any of them being unnecessary, and none of them
insulting. The bleakness is back and amplified - this puts its titular
hero and its audience through a serious amount of pain and conflict,
with a genuine feeling that it might not work out. And as a result of
this, and other brave decisions made(you can barely believe these are
mainstream movies!), it becomes really powerful, really draws us in.
The action is the biggest and best of these(the jet he uses is awesome!
And the Pod gets some more really cool use, in the edge-of-your-seat
chases, and we get fast martial arts(and covered well!), and the stakes
and tension are the highest(and frankly, if they were raised any
higher, it would be excessive... this is already as draining as the
last one). There is a lot of disturbing content, some violence and a
little moderate to strong language in this. I recommend this to anyone
interested in these(and make sure you've watched the other two first,
this really adds to them). 10/10
			
Firstly I will say that I loved Batman Begins. Then Christopher Nolan
gave us The Dark Knight and I felt it was on a whole other level than
Batman Begins. I went into the cinema to The Dark Knight Rises on the
day of release with high expectations. These were blown away! I even
went to see it at the cinema again and I've never done that before! (I
understand other people saw it many more times but still a first for
me)The acting was absolutely superb! Christian Bale was at his very best
playing Bruce Wayne/Batman. Michael Caine was brilliant as Alfred
despite his short screen time and I feel the performance was Oscar
nomination worthy. Anne Hathaway was a better Catwoman than I could
have imagined. Joseph Gordon Levitt was really good as Blake. Gary
Oldman and Morgan Freeman were good as always playing Gordon and Fox.
Marion Cotillard was good as Miranda as well. Finally Tom Hardy as
Bane. I thought this was good casting from the start but I never
imagined something quite this good! Tom Hardy stole the show for me
just like Heath Ledger did in The Dark Knight. Bane is one of my
favourite baddies of all time now and while it wasn't quite as good as
The Joker, it was as close as it was ever going to come. Tom Hardy is
worthy of an Oscar nom for his portrayal of Bane especially since he
was restricted with the mask and had to convey emotions through eyes,
voice and body language. There were a few moments where I couldn't
understand his voice but sometimes it just took a few extra seconds to
absorb it and his voice sounds too awesome to care anyway. Wally Pfisters cinematography was incredible once again and I think I
see another Oscar nomination for him.Hans Zimmer's score was his greatest yet in my opinion and it really
added to the emotional depth of the film and just got you into the film
right from the start. Dare I say it another Oscar nomination?Finally Christopher Nolan's Direction was incredible as always and I
truly believe this to be his finest creation to date and he must get an
Oscar nomination if not his first win, he definitely deserves it.Overall this film was outstanding, one of the greatest films ever
made,the finest of Nolan's Batman trilogy and the best superhero movie
of all time. An Oscar nomination is deserved and I think any other film
coming out this year will struggle to beat it.
			
The Dark Knight Rises (2012) The crusader in the mask For the last few
years cinematography and special effects took a big step in improving
the quality of their own products. That's why every new film set the
bar higher and higher, therefor competition is rising. However, this is
what exactly people want. Today once again saw this movie and decided
to share my point of view, because while it is almost 3 years old,
nevertheless with every time watching this film is no less mesmerizing.In my opinion the plot of the third part surpassed even the second with
loved by all great Heath Ledger as the Joker. It is very interesting
and confusing, and if the beginning of the film (as is a rule in the
case with Cristofer Nolan) is pretty tight, by the end of it is already
impossible to put down. Eight years after the events of the previous
part Gotham lives in piece and silence. Police Commissioner James
Gordon feels guilty about covering up Harvey Dant's crimes and Dark
Knight's disappearing because of that. However, events occurring in the
city for the last days cry for help the hero, as well as the beauty who
has got into trouble  Cat Woman. So Batman dares to speak out against
the main villain  Bane. Christopher Nolan - a man who showed how the
movie can be removed on comics. Already, it makes him one of the best
producers nowadays. As he said, for the first Batman movie the main
theme was "fear", for the second - "chaos", for the last - "pain". This
pain is more soulful and Bruce Wayne will feel it completely. Christian Bale  a man always on his top. For the late 80's and 90's
kids he will always be the Dark Knight. Christian Bale is my Batman. He
is my hero.Anne Hathaway - a perfect Cat Woman. She is my favorite actress and she
didn't disappoint me. It costs a lot. Joseph Gordon-Levitt played the
role of energetic young cop - Blake. It seems this guy have a bright
future, because Joseph is showing cool actor's skills. Morgan Freeman,Gary Oldman and Michael Caine showed that "old" doesn't mean "bad". An
incredible full compliance with the allotted roles. Soundtrack. Basara
Deshi permeates the entire history by becoming the theme both for Bane
and Batman.I can say with certainty that the film was a success. Nice plot and
amazing special effects because of the big budget are doing their job.
Strong main villain who are all the time winning good guys causes the
audience worry and fear. However, like rays are trying to break through
the clouds, good is trying to break through. All this and beautiful
Anne Hathaway don't give the audience to look away from the screen.
Many of the best characters in the Batman universe, as if in a mirror,
reflect the character of the protagonist, or when walking on the
razor's edge between justice and revenge, or when caught in a trap of
injuries in the past. Loyal fans of comics hardly surprised many plot
twists, which is quite natural if we remember how the story developed
in detail. For truly impressive how Nolan and his
co-authors-screenwriter David S. Goyer and Jonathan Nolan managed to
finish the trilogy of Batman. The film seems to be more emotional than
the second part with it's psychological games. Of course, it has a lot
of drama and even tragedy as well, but "Dark Knight Rises" touches the
most. This large-scale painting, remaining harmonious, with great music
and very beautiful camera work. However, the scope and action, going
beyond imagination, leads to the fact that the scene, each of which is
costs more than the budget of any other film, are perceived as ordinary
events, while Bruce Wayne looks better in private moments, whether it's
the episode where one of the characters finally realizes who is
actually a man- bat, or the scene with the advent of a new character.
Also there is a problem with the female audience understanding the
reality of the plot, because there a lot of moments related to the
previous parts. For example, such an important character of the first
part and Batman story as Ras'el'Gul, whose name was named in a few
episodes of the movie. Everyone should see this picture, are you a
child or adult, it does not matter whether you love comics knight in
black armor or you don't. Everyone who will leave the cinema will be
inspired by something. Your brain processes speed up and you will feel
strong and ready for new challenges. No matter where you are, who you
are, when you are. What is important is that the message is delivered
to you and it's your business what to do with it. Nolan and Co. did
what they wanted to do. Created a symbol. Created a hero. My hero.Score: 10 out of 10 Batmans
			
This movie i saw today and hoped that this movie was gonna be a very
boring and unrealistic movie but later on the movie it got exciting and
more sad and intense. The movie about Batman experiencing the strength
of Bane. Back with Christian Bale and Gary Oldman. Still have learned
their actings with Joseph-Gordon Levitt as the friendly policeman
Blake. Yay. We got Tom Hardy as Bane he really was a good actor in that
movie. I thought as well that Batman was dead then at the end of the
movie he lived still. Batman also saves Gotham City from Bane and the
terrorist who was revealing Batman her true nature Talia Al Ghul that
was named after Miranda. Then at the end of the movie, Selina and Bruce
are dating.10/10
			
Oh my god this movie was awesome !.and what an amazing ending to a
superb trilogy.this movie Can't get better the story the cast
everything is just too perfect.and no one is better than Chrestian Bale
for this movie he is a very talented actor with a really special acting
skills.i am confused why anyone well hate this movie its one of the
best movie for all ages ! in my opinion its the best action movie of
2012.and of course the well directing and superb special effects of the
movie makes it more amazing.what a blockbuster movie is this.this movie
is no doubt a most watch and best of the year and it deserved an Oscar
at least.
			
This movie has everything you could want all while wrapping up one of
the best film trilogies. As far as bad guys go Bane is pretty much the
epitome of the character type. I personally feel the villains in the
trilogy is what makes them so special. The story is great and engaging,
it was so good I didn't even realize that the runtime was over 2 hours.
If you like dark, gritty, and/or action movies its a must watch. Also
it should be noted that you should watch the first 2 films in the
series otherwise some stuff might not add up. It wraps up everything in
the trilogy and answers pretty much every question you could have. How
it relates back to the first movie is quite impressive and after
watching this one you'll probably try your best 'bane impression.' His
voice is as memorable as his stature. So even if you don't like Batman
you must watch it for Bane because he is that amazing. Props to Tom
Hardy on his out of the park performance.
			
The Dark Night Rises is one of mine's favorite movie. Christan Bale and
Tom Hardy are classy and they show great commitment to they roles.
Fascineting scenes. Just brilliant. After Joker is hard to find a true
rival for Batman. But Bane was great and I really enjoyed. I watched
this movie two or three time. And I'm gonna watch it again. Such a
great story and I'm sad because it can't be minimum ten Batman movies.
Who wasn't see this must see it. Now. I really hope this review helped
someone who was undecided about this movie. The women in movie was
great and I love them. Marion Cotillard and Anna Hathaway are beautiful
and really good actresses. They merged they two very good.
			
Billionaire Bruce Wayne once said, "I am moreit's what you do that
defines you." The question is: what defines us all? The fire has risen
and that fire has been put out, but not yet though. One thing still
remains: Is there a future for the billionaire playboy? Enough about
playboys, let's chat about how we got here.In 2005, we were re-introduced to a boy who fell down a well and we saw
what frightened him the most  bats. But he overcame that fear and
struck fear into the hearts of those that knew the very existence of
fear. Fighting against the mob, Batman took down the biggest crime
lords of Gotham City  Carmine Falcone and gave the Scarecrow a taste
of his own medicine.But in 2008, the war was not over, not even by a landslide. As Bruce
Wayne was having battles of his own, Batman was posed as a threat to
the city and plus a mastermind of theatricality, a brain as the size of
a laughing matter, brought a new taste in life  SLAUGHTER WAS THE BEST
MEDICINE! The Joker (RIP Heath!), portrayed one of the darkest villains
of all time as he brought down upon the city and the new DA Harvey Dent
and gave the word "light" a new name.Now we come to 2012, no one expected this to come to a conclusion, we
thought we were in it for the long haul. Let's just say it was
bittersweet and a whole lot of punches and back breaking. The ultimate
villain, Bane, gave violence a new name. A name that was synomous
unlike any other. But Bane was not working alone. An arch-enemy came
back to finish a job but through someone else. And the black was faded
and billionaire was living his life and moving on. But wait something
red approaches, something that will fly red colors  is it a red
monster, is it a red wagon, no it is a RED ROBIN.For 8 years, the mastermind of Christopher Nolan and his brother
Jonathon gave Batman a new look and took the story to a whole new
level. Thank you for teaching us that it is what we do that defines us.
Christian Bale  you gave us an icon to live up to, you taught us to
live for ourselves. Thank you. From Cillian Murphy to Tom Wilkinson to
the late Heath Ledger to Aaron Eckhart to Tom Hardy to Anne Hathaway to
Marion Cotillard  you guys defined evil. Thank you.Batman will live in our hearts for years to come.
			
I have watched this movie several times, and the last time I watched
it, I was still sitting in the edge of my seat! Nolan is a brilliant
director who weaves every scene together and makes it look meaningful.
Although the movie is well beyond 2.5 hours, there is not a scene in
the movie that looks out of place or was just thrown there without
meaning. We endured the old 60s styled batman with his cute sidekick
Robin. It was silly and stupid and tore batman's legacy apart. Then
came the cheap imitations by Val Kilmar and Michael Keaton in the 80s
and 90s Batman movies. Seriously, Arnold as Mr.Freeze? Nolan takes
Batman back to his dark roots. He injects some realism into the story,
reasons what shaped him to become who he became and brings Frank
Miller's depiction of the Dark Knight straight out of the comic book
into the screen. Nolan's Batman trilogy is masterpiece! And there could
not have been a more fitting end to the trilogy. The Joker was awesome,
and so is Bane. Go watch it if you haven't. Watch it again if you have!
			
I'll start by saying two things: 1. I am a huge Batman fan, in all
shapes and sizes (well, except the Joel Schumacher movies); I read the
comics, watched the animated series and movies and the live action
movies 2. I am intelligent enough to spot plot holes, unrealistic
action scenes and 'forced' plot devices.With those disclaimers in mind, most people who criticize this film
would imagine I must hate it. And, yet, it's quite the opposite.I've just finished watching this for the 3rd time in 2 years. Yes, it's
true that, the more often you watch it, the easier it is to spot things
that seem off. To look at the details and to start questioning.But...I really don't care. None of that makes this movie any less
special for me. Because, truly, this movie goes to such emotional
depths and gets you so in touch with the heart of what it means to be
the Batman, that anything else is overshadowed.The appeal and curse of Batman as a character is that he is human. He
suffers and makes mistakes. He can be broken. He doesn't have super
strength or the ability to fly. What he does have, beyond the training
and the money and being 'the world's greatest detective', is his
determination. His unwavering motivation to fight and win for his
cause, to make Gotham safe at any cost. That's his superpower - never
giving up.And, on top of that, he has a lot of pain and trauma; the kind that any
human being will experience, at some point in their life, that is now
out in the open for anyone to sympathize with.For capturing those things and putting them on screen so beautifully, I
am grateful to Mr. Nolan.
			
First of all, can I say that when I heard that the Joker wasn't going
to be in this movie and that the lead "bad guy" was going to be Bane I
was thinking "LAME". So I tried to go into watching this film with an
open mind and I got to say I won't question Chris Nolan's casting,
direction or choice of characters again anytime soon. The man is a
master and did a masterful job in this third installment of the Batman
saga. Bane is an enemy in which Batman has not yet seen, he's
physically strong sure but his genius and ruthlessness is truly what's
terrifying. He breaks Batman time and again until you almost question
whether Batman can really beat him in the end (which is saying
something, because we all know he has to right?). The choices of the
other actors like Anne Hathaway were spot on, she was magnificent and
nailed the cat women character this movie required to succeed. Morgan
Freeman, Michael Caine and Christian Bale were their own usual selves
(exceptional) and I really didn't see anyone miscast or turn in
anything other then a very strong performance. Overall this movie left
me completely happy, the perfect ending to the perfect movie saga.
These are not just great super hero movies, to me they're great films
period.
			
The first thing I have noticed is,,we got a situation in the movie,,and
again and again we struct in it. its beyond a movie,,beyond a story.
Its about a hope,,about a regular prayer for the man with a mask for
the last 4 years when he was running and dogs and cops were chasing
him. After watching the dark knight in 2008,,I became the disciple of
Batman. after watching the dark knight rises,,I realized he is god.
sometimes when your excitement level cross the limits,,,u cant explain
much. Same happens to me. Batman is a normal human being, who inspired
us to ask Jesus Christ not to take our sins. He is among and within us
showing the way of perfection and purification.
			
Not being a huge fan of superhero movies, I didn't have much
expectations for Batman Begins. However viewing the 2005 Christopher
Nolan production, I was pleasantly shocked. Then after my huge
expectations for, "The Dark Knight", Christopher Nolan blew my
expectations to the dust. Will the same happen with the 3rd and last
film, "The Dark Knight Rises"? Quite simply, Yes! My big expectations
were once again, blown away. What a production! This is a true
cinematic experience, to behold. The movie exceeded my expectations in
terms of action, and entertainment. The editing, sound, score, visuals,
direction and action are all top notch. The film contains a fine cast of talented actors. Christian Bale, of
course still makes is a great Batman. Michael Cain is fantastic, as he
always is. He gives such a powerful performance, he really ought to be
considered for an Oscar nomination. Tom Hardy as Bane is utterly
terrifying, at times, and completely ominous. Anne Hathaway as
Catwoman/Selina Kyle is a scene stealer. She is completely engrossing.
Everyone is so great, the dynamic scenes between the actors are so well
done, so well written, and so well directed. The Dark Knight Rises is
is emotionally riveting and amazing to view.At a running time of almost 3 hours, the film never becomes dull, which
is pretty impressive. The movie's action sequences are spectacularly
well created and very intense. The dialogue between the character's are
intelligent and highly believable. The movie's soundtrack is terrific
and really exemplify's many of the movie's scenes. Extremely well
editing and sound use really develop many of the movie's action scenes,
so it's not just explosions and visuals like in many other movies.
Nolan creates a grand, dirty, engrossing world, and his action
sequences just hum. In conclusion, this film is a gorgeous reminder that great writing and
direction can enhance any movie-going experience, even superhero
movies, which are usually thought of as mindless entertainment. I am
wholly satisfied with Christopher Nolan's vision and thank all who
worked on this film for bringing such an intricate interpretation of
its very famous literary source. I cannot recommend this film anymore
than I have, I just have to say everyone and anyone should see it.
10/10"
			
Christopher Nolan's ambitious Batman trilogy has come to a close with
perhaps one of the greatest superhero films ever made. Both Batman
Begins and the Dark Knight were cinematic masterpieces and are
complimented nicely with this film, The Dark Knight Rises. Being the
longest film in the series, it has incredible set pieces, a sinister
villain, excellent acting, a loud and bombastic score by Hans Zimmer,
and lots of emotional depth.Nolan's film takes place eight years after the events of the Dark
Knight and Bruce Wayne has moved into seclusion. Regarding Gotham,
crime has been suppressed with the Dent laws, but now a new force led
by the notorious Bane is threatening to take control over Gotham. So is
it time for Bruce to give his cowl and cape another shot? This film has a plethora of characters so events may be confusing at
time(which it wasn't for me.) Christian Bale as always is near perfect
as Batman and he adds some emotional depth to his eccentricity. Michael
Caine has a bigger role here and has some of the biggest, most
emotion-filled dialogue of the film. While different in stature from
the Joker, Tom Hardy makes a great Bane and reminds me greatly of
Hannibal. Both Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman return and are amazing. I
didn't think Anne Hathaway as Catwoman would be effective, but I was
proved wrong. Joseph Gordon-Levitt brings his talent as well as a few
surprises to the film.Overall, this is an amazing ending to the greatest superhero trilogy.
Some of the set pieces are just amazing and incredible to watch. The
football stadium, the opening sequence with the airplanes, and the
takeover of the stock exchange were just a few of my favorite
sequences. But nothing competes with that amazing, action-packed
finale. Some people may not like the ending at all, but I think it's a
fair way to end the film. It's unfortunate that the movie shooting in
Colorado overshadowed this film, but I want to point out movie violence
is not the cause for real-life violence and we shouldn't abandon the
theaters because of this heinous act. This film is amazing and I'm
pretty sad that the trilogy is over. I rate this film 10/10.
			
I am a person that just do not believe in a perfect rating, but this
movie definitely deserves a full credit. I mean whats not perfect in
it? the acting , the music, the story , the action, everything was made
in the most perfect way ever and I Like it. I saw this movie may be 3
times now and I believe it is very difficult to do such great work
again.I will never forget the first time i saw it in the movies and the
theater was full and at the end of it everyone started applauding like
i never saw in my entire life. If for any reason you hadn't seen this
movie then you should. You will just love it.
			
well may lot of you not going to like my review cause am really really
a great big fan of batman.after batman begins,and fabulous the dark
knight,am just waiting when the 3rd installment of nolan series going
to released.well a lot of time has passed but i am writing this review
because i just thought i should have right something for it cause i
love this movie.its almost 2 years now and trust me friends,,every
night i watch one of the batman movie.specially dark knight rises,i
have watched it more than 200 times.so i think you can imagine i am
quite disbalanced from my head site.whatever people say it don't really
matter.the only thing is matter how much did u enjoyed when you seen a
movie.christopher nolans batman series is one of the best movies i have
seen in my life.many many thanks to you sir.Christian bale,,you are
just amazing.the joker, ben each and every character are truly
remarkable.i just love the full batman team.the dark knight is the best
in the series.but the dark knight rises may don't have the strong
content like the previous installment but its really a huge
entertainment for me.hope batman will come again to save the gotham...
			
The best installment of the Batman trilogy, The Dark Knight Rises is
involving, gripping, and riveting. The story is on par, as well as a
great cast new to the series (Tom Hardy, Anne Hathaway, Marion
Cotillard, etc.). The movie never lags, and Tom Hardy's Bane comes
across as a testosterone-fueled hunk of a man who knows true pain and
wants to do justice in his own twisted ways.While some may say that the background story of Bane isn't what's in
the comics, just stop. Did it fit the movie? Maybe it didn't, because I
bet my ass director Christopher Nolan took that into consideration. I
bet they did a screen test, and that storyline didn't work. To be
honest, it's not that big of a detail and can be easily overlooked, and
it didn't do any damage to the story. In fact, it made it *that* much
more interesting.HandHStudios Rating: 10/10
			
I am not much of a "superhero movie" kinda guy, but I loved this film.
The music, special effects, storyline, and acting are all top notch.
Christopher Nolan did a great job at completing the trilogy with this
film. Most people thought that The Dark Knight would cast a shadow over
this film because of how great it was, but I promise this movie
delivered and went beyond that! Although the Joker (Heath Ledger) from
the previous film is probably the best villain in all three of the
movies, I think Bane (Tom Hardy) was just as evil and perfect for this
finale. Nolan also did a fantastic job at combining parts of the other
two films into The Dark Knight Rises by using flashbacks and different
references to those movies throughout. Some parts may be confusing if
you haven't seen the first two movies, so I suggest you watch them
first. Most people look forward to the villains in these movies, but
I'm fascinated by Batman (Christian Bale). The only problem is there is
not enough screen time for Bale. That is the only thing I could say
Nolan could have done better in the making of this movie. Other than
that, 10/10.
			
I love the whole Batman series with Christian Bale. I love the fact his
voice was not nearly as annoying in this film. I did not see that twist
at the end coming which was a nice surprise. The only thing I didn't
like was Bane's character. I think it was just because of the mask
thing and not really being able to see him. The actor did a great job
portraying the character despite this. This is one of those movies you
can watch multiple times and pick up different clues along the way. I
do wish Morgan Freeman had a bigger role in this one. Love Lucius! I
would like a TV movie of Lucius and Alred having some adventures
together. After seeing this one, I think it's time for a Batman
marathon.
			
There were a lot of batman movies, but none of them could meet the
expectations created by the comics, with "batman & Robin" being one of
the most horrible movies I've ever seen! Then Nolan came along with a
bunch of masterpieces behind him, and then created two astounding
batman films within a span of 3 years! And now, he has concluded, which
to me is one of the best trilogies ever, in an epic and a
heart-stopping way! As they say 'THE LEGEND ENDS, BUT THE LEGACY
CONTINUES'............!!!Its hard to compare this and TDK, both of them are amusing in their own
prospective. TDK was run mainly by joker, aka heath ledger, and this
was clearly batman's show. I can't imagine a perfect way to end the
trilogy. And Nolan did an amazing job in maintaining the fire created
by TDK, clearly stating that he is one of the best in his genre.The action sequences were pretty amazing so was the background music.
There is a reason why Nolan retained the same cast for all the movies,
and they did it professionally.It was one hell of a ride for me, and gave me goosebumps throughout.
Being a batman fan, I loved all the 3 movies, and just like the other
two movies, I rate it 10/10. Don't miss it guys, besides you have got
to see the 'legend end'.
			
THE BEST.THE GREATEST.THE ULTIMATE EXPERIENCE.THE DEFINITION OF AN ENTIRE GENERATION.Every once in a while, there's that one trilogy that would change the
landscape of the film industry forever and would define an entire
generation.There was George Lucas' Star Wars trilogy, which took sci-fi movies to
a whole new level (I wasn't born that time but I'm aware of the legacy
of course).Then decades later, it was Peter Jackson's Lord Of The Rings trilogy
which raised the bar in fantasy epics so high that even now could never
be reached much less equaled (yes, Harry Potter and Game Of Thrones are
baby stuff compared to the grandeur LOTR).And now, Christoper Nolan's The Dark Knight trilogy.Before, comicbook / superhero movies were too campy, too light-hearted
and in every bit sense of the word, unrealistic. Characters were over
the top, stories were clich and predictable, no risk factors and just
dull and there's no "holy **** did you see that?!" stuff. It's as if
they weren't serious efforts, like, studio guys would just say "hey
since everybody's doing it, let's do it!". Results vary but mostly
mediocre stuff and below. Simply, you don't get emotionally-attached to
them, which is THE POINT of watching movies.Enter the Nolan-era of comicbook / superhero movies.Quite literally, Nolan turned the genre upside-down, flip it and then
some. Nolan CHANGED THE GAME and took it to uncharted levels by
introducing never before seen elements such as dark tones and themes,
gripping plots and scripts, masterclass musical scores, relatable
characters which comprises of genuine heroes and likable villains,
above all, pulse-pounding moments that would make your jaw drop
countless times and say "HOLY ****! HOLY ****! HOLY ****!!!". It's a
genuine effort and love of the craft that you can see and feel as much
as Lucas to Star Wars and Jackson to LOTR.It started with Batman Begins almost 7 years ago in 2005, continued 3
years later with The Dark Knight and now finally capped off with the
monumental conclusion The Dark Knight Rises in 2012 as the motion
picture event of the year. The trilogy redefined Batman and Bruce Wayne
and everything we know in Gotham City. Right off Batman Begins' origin
story, to the emotional torture core of The Dark Knight and to pain,
suffering and triumph of The Dark Knight Rises, the legend of The Caped
Crusader was flawless and the acting of the cast was impeccable all
throughout.Of course, the guy that's got to be Batman has got to really be THE
GUY, and Christian Bale not only meet expectations, he exceeded them in
every step of the way.Bale is the perfect Batman, just was the late great Christopher Reeve
was as Superman. I mean, nobody could replicate that connection from
Reeve and Superman for decades, maybe ever (though DC and Warner Bros.
would try again with Henry Cavill in Man Of Steel, we'll see). Same
thing can be said to Spider-Man's Tobey Maguire, that Facebook guy is
awful compared to him. As well as Robert Downey Jr. in Iron Man. And I
believe the case is the same for Bale; it's gonna be LONG, LONG TIME
until somebody could match, much less surpass him as Batman. Most
likely, never. In a nutshell, we felt for Batman because of Bale.And same thing could be said with Nolan's Batrilogy. Right from the
opening scenes of Begins and as the credits roll of TDKR, it was a ride
like no other comicbook / superhero movie has done ever before. This is
the kind of stuff we'd tell our children and grandchildren that defined
our generation, that we'll make them watch these things years from now
and tell them experiences waiting in line outside theaters and watching
DVDs and Blu-rays at midnight, like our parents now do. I mean, I'm not
even a comics guy (I don't read any paper stuff honestly), nor a Batman
fan or fan of any comicbook or superhero, but when Nolan's trilogy
came, I became one. That to me, is something EXTRAORDINARY very few in
one's life could experience.Obviously, Star Wars has it fair share of haters, so does LOTR, so why
should we be surprised by the Nolan haters. These guys would scream "oh
that's boring I've seen that before!" or "that's predictable I knew
it!" or "Avengers is the best STFU GTFO LOL LMAO!" or whatever these
guys could come up it. They're clueless anyway. Smart viewers know
what's really up.REMEMBER: These kind of critics are those who failed at art and
literature and just about anything and everything in life. And when
you're at the top, there'll always be those who'd want to pull you
down. Nolan and his Batman is at top, that's why.Huge props and thanks to Nolan and Bale, to Liam Neeson, to the late
great Heath Ledger (I'd almost forget to say that his portrayal of The
Joker is in the league of Darth Vader as the greatest villains ever),
to Tom Hardy, to Michael Caine, to Gary Oldman, to Morgan Freeman and
just about every actor and crew that participated in bringing Batman to
life LIKE NO OTHER.Take a bow ladies and gentlemen.
			
"The Dark Knight Rises" It's not so much a story about The Batman, as
much as a story about Gotham City and the people affected by Bruce
Wayne's alter ego. It's a culmination of every action taken by The
Batman coming down in the form of some menacing villains. It's the most
anticipated movie of 2012 and because the bar has been raised so
ridiculously high, it doesn't quite live up to the expectations. That
doesn't mean that is a bad movie. DKR has excellent performances, a
tense story that will keep you on the edge of your seat, cool additions
to the Batman mythology and a compelling villain. The climax is one
intense experience and what Tom Hardy does with just his eyes and his
voice is unbelievable. He is a truly frightening foe for The Batman.
Some of the criticisms I have concern the pacing of the film. I felt
like at times it runs slightly too long and some of the slow beginning
should have been cut a bit. Once the momentum gets going you won't want
to miss a single second. It's a satisfying conclusion to the
Christopher Nolan trilogy and aside from a few minor things it's pretty
much the perfect third film in one of the best trilogies out there.
(Theatrical version in Imax, August 29, 2012)
			
Genuinely speaking, Nolan's a master of a director. We begin with
'Batman Begins' back in 2005. Now being honest, I absolutely loved
'Batman Begins', as it has plenty of thrills, delivered interesting
things, excellent scenery, inspiring acting and to be honest, Bale?
well, yes, this was his first time portraying 'Batman' and he stunned
it. I mean, wow, he portrayed it oh so greatly and his performance was
just spectacular. Then came 'The Dark Knight' in 2008. It blew 'Begins'
away, with the even higher level of outstanding performance, scenery,
thrills, directing, producing and to be honest, just everything. 2012.
The Dark Knight Rises. I seen it. I thought. I thought. I thought. My
conclusion was- "This film was nearly perfect. It was tremendous,
thrilling, and outstanding, yet didn't live up to the predecessor."
(...or something along those lines). What annoys me about the film is this- Bruce Wayne goes from being a
crippled old man, with a limp, injuries and problems, to the way he was
years before as if he's decreased and shrunk in age and health. He goes
from being, what I can only say- an old man (near enough) to as if he's
just as good as he was years earlier. Another thing was the detailed
and outlined mistakes and plot holes. Why did they keep the revealing
of Talia al Ghul as an enemy 'till the end? We already knew that Bane
"grew up in the dark" and was use to it, so as we seen what we, or most
of us thought was Bane escape as a young child, we must've known
something wasn't quite right. Well I did, after the film finished of
course. If Bane really grew up in the dark, quite literally, and didn't
see any shine or even sign of light, then who else could that young
child have been? That's right. Talia. It was coming whether you liked
it or not. So that for me, was a ruined part of the film. There was
more mistakes of course, however, I'll get short of words if I keep on
and on. My last thing is this- Bane. Bane himself. Why? Just....just
why? Where is this almighty superior-ism we're supposed to see? where
is the dominance and the unholy amount of strength? That's right, there
is none. Uh, but why? To be honest, I'm not 100% sure, but my 'believed
to be right' thoughts or....or assumptions is that it was just a
massive mistake. Mistake as in- there was a lack of character creation
within the portray and use of Bane himself and as if he wasn't compared
to the comic book Bane at all. However, there are many a great things about this massive 2012 film.
The outstanding performances (overall) the delightful and dramatic
performances from certain, individual actors, the directing (overall),
the producing, the characters (overall.....I guess....with the
exception of some) and the effects are all absolutely amazing! I also
enjoyed it when I went to see it, as I had been hyped up for months and
wasn't exactly let down. I found faults and problems with the film, but
overall, there was more good and great than okay and bad...or terrible.
In some cases, I consider it one of my favourite films, alongside
Returns, Begins and The Dark Knight. It was, indeed, a great way to
finish off such a thrilling and genius trilogy. Could've been a little
bit better, but for what it is and what it's worth, it's outstanding.
Some people may find the climax a little hard to understand, but if
you're a deep-searcher and think it through, you'll eventually
understand......Overall, excluding the fact that it didn't go into more detail on how
Bruce got the "gift" or what have you to go from having the bone
density and ability of an 80-year old to the way he was 10 years or
even 15 years before, the awful character development of Bane, horrible
mistakes/plot holes and stupid and uncalled for uses of certain
subjectives....this film is outstanding and very, very good. If I
included the faults, it'd be a 7/10. But, excluding them,
overall-10/10.
			
Christopher Nolan has outdone himself with this one. At 3.30 in the
morning, I was tired. Just getting out of it, I've never been so awake. Batman tries to force Bane to reveal the location of the trigger
device, Miranda suddenly stabs him in the side. The bomb detonates in
the ocean and gotham is saved!I suppose at this point, I have to turn my focus on Nolan. If he ever
reads this... aspiring filmmaker to filmmaker, I've never been so
envious, jealous in all my life. It's a film that leaves me
floundering, wondering what I could possibly do to get anywhere near
this ballpark. Well done. I think an Oscar Nomination is in order.From here, I'm not sure what to expect of the future. Does our
imagination carry us forward, or do the studios? Time will tell.10/10
			
It has been eight years since Batman vanished into the night, turning,
in that instant, from hero to fugitive. Assuming the blame for the
death of D.A. Harvey Dent, the Dark Knight sacrificed everything for
what he and Commissioner Gordon both hoped was the greater good. For a
time the lie worked, as criminal activity in Gotham City was crushed
under the weight of the anti-crime Dent Act. But everything will change
with the arrival of a cunning cat burglar with a mysterious agenda. Far
more dangerous, however, is the emergence of Bane, a masked terrorist
whose ruthless plans for Gotham drive Bruce out of his self-imposed
exile. But even if he dons the cape and cowl again, Batman may be no
match for Bane....
			
The Dark Knight Rises was my favorite film of the year and from the
Dark Knight trilogy.I was looking forward to this movie and it didn't
disappoint me.Positive:epic action scenes ,great acting performances, very good
villain emotional ending ,inspiring movieNegative: some plot wholes that didn't affect me. Overall the movie was fantastic and I think that it is the one of the
best movies ever made.Long live the Batman! Eight years on, a new evil
rises from where the Batman and Commissioner Gordon tried to bury it,
causing the Batman to resurface and fight to protect Gotham City... the
very city which brands him an enemy
			
The tone of The Dark Knight Rises is set from the very first scene,
when we are introduced to Bane (Tom Hardy) who crashes a plane that he
himself is a passenger to. This is the first time we see the brute
strength that he possesses. He is insanely strong through the use of
the chemical "venom" which is pumped into him through his mask. As we
leap into the rest of the story we see right away that director,
Christopher Nolan, wasted no time in picking up right where he left off
in The Dark Knight, with the death of Harvey Dent, and Batman being the
criminal. This film was one of the big blockbusters in summer 2012, and
for good reason. This movie brings the classic Batman comic book
characters to life, which is evident in the acting, the sets, the
script, the plot, and as many know, the dramatic ending. The acting is
so well done, as we see emotion poured into each roll. Christian Bale
(Bruce Wayne) Michael Cane (Alfred Pennyworth), Tom Hardy (Bane), and
Anne Hathaway (Selena Kyle) all dove head first into their roles,
leaving nothing behind. They each play a convincing role, identical to
the characters that are portrayed in the Batman comics. One of the best
examples is the relationship between Batman and Catwoman, because
Batman is just, and Catwoman is a thief, but they are romantically
involved with each other. The sets of this movie are stunning. Bruce
Wayne's mansion and Batcave are just as they are depicted in the
original comics. They are all encompassing and eye candy to any Batman
lover. As we look back to the 1990's, we see a Batman comic book story
arc that is very similar to the plot of TDKR. But Nolan's twist on the
storyline is a refreshing change. Some may disagree, but not knowing
what is coming next is part of the joy that comes with this film. Nolan
keeps some of the key reference points in his film, but adds his own
interesting, and modern additions to the film. Take for example, Bane's
appearance. In the comics, Bane was unrealistically strong, and in the
film he is much more realistically depicted. The only complaint I have
with this film is, if Bane is so strong, why does he cover up his
muscles with a vest or a coat for the majority of the movie? Show off
your strength, be proud! The plot is the main focus point, like it
should be. If explosions and fighting is all you want to see, then go
see Pacific Rim. I'll say sorry in advance if you have wasted your time
with that movie. Getting back on track to the plot, which might take a
couple of watch throughs to fully catch all of the detail in this
storyline. Throughout this movie, the focus is not on Batman, as one
would expect, but on Gotham City itself. Bane brings the city to hell
and back, and Batman is sitting on the side lines, bruised and
battered, left watching, waiting, and hoping that his beloved city
isn't left shattered and destroyed. The script of TDKR was written with
pure precision, which allows us, as an audience, to remember key points
of the movie through the use of dramatic quotes. Bane has a lot of
one-liners that leave you repeating them to your friends after you see
the film. Here are a few examples of memorable Bane quotes; "But you
merely adopted the dark; I was born in it, molded by it." "when it is
done and Gotham is ashes, then you have my permission to die." Because
of Bane's voice, these short, memorable lines only add to the effect
Nolan was going for. Leaving you on the edge of your seat wondering how
Batman could possibly win? The moment you doubt if the good guy can
win, that's when you know the director has succeeded.This was a very well done film, and I encourage you to see it several
times (it might take a few times to fully grasp the story) and the way
this film ends is the perfect way to close out the series. In the end
it all comes down to autopilot, back stabbing, and a turn of events by
a woman you would not expect, all ending in an unpredictable manner.
			
Am not a great FAN of Super Hero movies, but Nolan Changed the entire
mindset. Of course the Film has a lot of loop holes and glitches but
that doesn't take away the edge of the seat thrilling heartbeat
experience. What i loved most was the way a simple comic story was
presented on the screen. I really appreciate Nolan's creativity and
presentation.What one needs was an awesome experience and not 100%
logic to Action movies. The film stand all amid all minor glitches. The
film has a lot of positives, The way Bruce & Tom Hardy character was
portrayed, The way Real New York city was presented, The way the Whole
experience stood at the end especially Bruce climbing out of the Well.
Hans Zimmer Played a wonderful part in giving a master piece. All in
All i would recommend everyone to watch whether they like it or not but
for the cinematic experience it gives in the end. A Comic Super Hero
Movie depicted magnificently after a lot of flops earlier. Nolan has
silently conveyed that he is the right man who can do it.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is an exceptional film without a shadow of a
doubt. The acting, plot, direction, score and story telling are all top
notch. Now I want to get this out of the way as soon as possible, a lot
of people are comparing Bane to the Joker but you cannot do this,
simply on the soul fact... they are completely different characters.
The Joker was dark, cunning and knew how to manipulate those we all
thought couldn't be, however Bane is without a doubt Batman's strongest
opponent physically and mentally, he pushes Bruce Wayne/Batman to the
brink of destruction throughout the movie, his physical presence in
itself is extremely intimidating not to mention his distinctive voice.
There are a lot of plot twists also throughout the movie which fit
brilliantly within the story telling and the last 40 minutes are one of
the greatest in cinematic history. I don't want to say much more
because words simply can't describe how brilliant this movie is and in
my opinion beats TDK and I never thought I would say that because TDK
is a cinematic triumph across the board. All that's left to say now is
thank you Mr. Nolan for a truly wonderful trilogy that concluded in
epic style.
			
What a film! Rarely does one call a superhero flick a cinematic work of
art. Well this one certainly is that and much more. It isn't a
run-of-the-mill popcorn, action packed, story-less offering that many
superhero films are. This one goes above and beyond. It is less about
the masked man and more about the man behind the mask, a broken man
fighting his own demons. A dark and emotional tale of absolution and
revenge, strength and sacrifice. Anne Hathaway is brilliant as
Catwoman. Its no wonder she is receiving nominations for her role in
this movie and in Les Miserables. Bane i think is the highlight of this
movie. His speech may go down in dialogue history. You feel mesmerized
and taken aback by the sheer force of this movie. It has everything
from the deepest darkest emotions to powerful confrontation scenes and
a breathtaking climax. I had no idea so much time had gone by, that is
how gripping this film is. Though if you prefer more violence and
action, then this may not be for you. Personal opinion: It is the best
film of 2012. A must see as it raises the bar for not only superhero
flicks but also films in general.
			
I decided to write a re-review of The Dark Knight Rises because after
seeing it a third time, you lose the hype, you lost the excitement
because that is all done with. You can really focus on the movie, and I
felt like I was never able to do that with the first review I wrote. I
would probably have to say this is at least my second favorite Batman
movie-- after Batman Begins, and The Dark Knight following closely at
number three. You never realize the first go around, while TDKR is
drastically different than BB & TDK in terms of it's style, it's that
style that sets it apart from any of the previous entries.You get subtle hints to the grand picture of it all through tidbits
throughout TDKR. A lot of people have different beliefs, whether or not
Alfred was imagining Bruce near the end of the movie, but I believe it
was a real vision. Bruce was finally happy, and left his old life
behind. I also believe it is real because Alfred never was aware of
Bruce and Selina growing fond for each other towards the end of the
movie, and she was sitting next to Bruce at the diner. Bruce Wayne is
"dead" but not the Batman. It is emotionally satisfying because now you
see Bruce a character you cared for, finally have a life worth living.
He's at peace.I ultimately believe Blake becomes Batman, for one the Bat signal is
repaired. Bruce gives him the coordinates to the Batcave. And for all
you Batman fanatics, remember in Batman Begins, Bruce told Alfred after
being gone for seven years, "As a man I can be destroyed. But as a
symbol, I can be everlasting. I could be incorruptible", or something a
long those lines, and I look at that and tie it in with John Blake's
character of indeed becoming Batman.Some of those points I mentioned is what makes TDKR such a joy to
watch. So thoughtful, and emotionally engaging. Nolan definitely did
give justice to the franchise. When I first seen it I felt like it was
the least favorite of mine but still enjoyable-- but now I'd have to
say it is my second favorite out of all the three, maybe even my
favorite one in the trilogy!9.0/10
			
Can you make a decent sequel to a perfect movie? Christopher Nolan
exceeds himself by proving that it can happen and delivers, not just a
proper movie, but a great finale to the best trilogy you could possibly
ask for a superhero genre.The great director promised us a good and satisfying finale with this
one. And we got it in every single way. Nolan by now has accomplished to create this realistic, comic-booky
world for us in the city of Gotham. So much that in the beginning of
the movie he attempts to throw in several situations and events that
have happened in the time between The Dark Knight's epic finale up to 8
years later and expects us to accept them with a blink of an eye. I'm
not sure it exactly works all the time (especially the first 40 minutes
in, you are a bit confused), but I was OK filling in the blanks later.
After that, you get a wonderfully paced action movie, with Bane (the
villain) portraying a purposive figure of a tyrant who has supposedly
come to bring deliverance, but truthfully plans to destroy the city at
its core. Meanwhile, Bruce Wayne has to cope with his own pains,
thoughts and guilt. Wayne Enterprises struggles as well, with its owner
now being Luscious Fox. The lovable Alfred tries to stand by the side
of his master but seems to fail. Things have changed within the city as
well, with a female burglar taking advantage of Batmans' absence. And
the last hour is the thrilling non-stop climax (where you can't get
enough of Hans Zimmers' amazing score bumping in your ears).The film is a masterpiece. It has everything we have come to expect
from Nolans' filmmaking. I will accept people who point out some plot
points that could be argued in the film. But saying that The Dark
Knight Rises "is not a good movie", now anyone who claims that is
mislead and being unfair. The only way to be disappointed and
dissatisfied from this film, is if you have decided to question it and
not like it before you watch it (most commonly, those are the people
who constantly compare it to the "The Dark Knight"). We don't get to see a lot of Batman in this film. Bale mostly portrays
amazingly a broken and suffered Bruce Wayne, fighting his inner demons
and struggling to keep the symbol he has created, alive. Joseph-Gordon
Levitt is a welcomed addition as the fearless newcomer detective who
soon discovers that not everything is so bright. Morgan Freeman has
more screen time than before, giving a heavier push to his role as a
mentor to Batman. Gary Oldman is simply flawless. He should be
considered a primal and fundamental piece of the entire trilogy. His
guilty and determined Gordon is with no doubt superb. Excellent and
surprisingly ultimate performance is Catwoman (or at Nolan's better
suggestion: the "Cat"). Anne Hathaway is watchable to death. She owns
the part with her voice, style and appeal being a highlight throughout. And then you have Bane. Villains are proved to be, by the end of this
trilogy, an important part of its' success. I have come to understand
that Nolan uses his villains in a specific way to highlight Batmans'
strengths and weaknesses. Ra's Al Ghoul and the Joker did it concerning
Batmans' fears and psychology respectively. But Bane manipulates and
destroys almost everything Bruce has and fights for. Claiming he does
it for the sake of the world and the future, he breaks Batmans' ethics,
morals, strengths, hope and spirit. And therefore gave us the perfect way to end the trilogy: Bruce
overcoming once again, proving to all of us that symbols just can't die
no matter what. Emotionally sensational, Batman in the end truly
"Rises" to our delight.What I specifically loved in all three films is the way that Nolan is
not afraid to explore the moral implications of decisions made
throughout the trilogy and explains the impact, the results and of
course the effects that collide. The Dark Knight Trilogy can be a great
inspiration if you look for the meanings. All the writers and
associates who worked on it gave a new meaning to words we already
knew, like: heroism, truth and lies, purpose, symbols, faith, death,
suffering and so on. I feel like what has left in me is a whole lot of
pieces of advise rather than just a superhero story. The beginning,
middle and end of this superb saga can be so insightful at times, that
I feel it often gets recognition but for the wrong reasons.I'm pretty sure that 50 years from now, it'll still stand as an example
of terrific filmmaking. That's because these 3 films mean something and
give you something to think about. The Dark Knight trilogy is art.
			
The Dark Knight Rises arrived in cinemas on the back of deafening hype.
The astronomical expectations seemed insurmountable for even a
visionary of Christopher Nolan's caliber. So does Nolan deliver?
Absolutely! Bold and unflinching, Nolan's operatic style makes The Dark
Knight Rises an art piece of boundless spectacle and an epic of
never-seen-before scope and scale. It visually obliterates the modern
blockbuster with a story of daring boldness, taking your inner child on
a savage ride.The final chapter of Nolan's trilogy kicks off exactly eight years
after the end of The Dark Knight. The streets of Gotham have been
cleaned up but as we soon find out, all that means is that the
criminals have moved underground. Having taken the fall for the death
of Harvey Dent, Bruce Wayne, the tycoon behind the cowl, now lives like
a specter hobbling about the recesses of his fancy mansion while his
faithful butler Alfred frets over him like a gawking mother goose. But
something is stirring deep beneath Gotham's streets, and it is not long
before Wayne once again finds himself staring into the heart of human
darkness. When a hulking, masked psycho named Bane lays siege to his
financial empire and plants a series of strategically placed explosives
beneath the city, intending to cut off the isle's citizenry from the
outside world, he hauls the bat-suit out of storage.From there, the movie unfolds with the carefully measured pacing of an
epic, that rare sequel that endeavors to deepen and expand upon what
has come before rather than merely repackaging it. It returns us to
Gotham and its denizens, taking its time, gradually showing us the lay
of the land. And once the cogs start whirring and the machine starts to
warm up, The Dark Knight Rises takes off like a rocket  with Hans
Zimmer's propulsive score as its fuel. And when it fires on all
cylinders, it enters classic territory.The pedigree of the cast imparts automatic gravitas to the movie.
Christian Bale gives us a Batman with a haunted quality, showing Wayne
broken, rising, and risen in perfect succession. Gary Oldman retains
his quiet dignity as Commissioner Gordon. Michael Caine's Alfred
continues to class up the joint. Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle, is sexy,
confident, and offers a great balance of humor. As Officer John Blake,
Joseph Gordon-Levitt musters an interesting blend of earnestness and
intensity. Both Marion Cotillard and Morgan Freeman execute their parts
with precision. And Hardy is sensational as the diabolical antagonist
Bane. He bites into his character's motivations and transcends the
movie to a place that is darker and more malicious.Nolan gives us an intellectual, heart-pounding movie that grips like a
vice from minute one and never lets go, capping off the trilogy with
passion and dignity and with slam-bang entertainment. The Dark Knight
Rises is both the conclusion the franchise needs and the conclusion it
deserves!
			
It is a very great movie......... The movie is just on point watch it
and have a full day but i swear you will cry it is horror bit then it
is nice... Please watch it and enjoy your hole day.......It is a very
great movie......... The movie is just on point watch it and have a
full day but i swear you will cry it is horror bit then it is nice...
Please watch it and enjoy your hole day.......It is a very great
movie......... The movie is just on point watch it and have a full day
but i swear you will cry it is horror bit then it is nice... Please
watch it and enjoy your hole day.......It is a very great
movie......... The movie is just on point watch it and have a full day
but i swear you will cry it is horror bit then it is nice... Please
watch it and enjoy your hole day.......
			
In this movie; they had the best villain played by an amazing actor.
This movie is about hope. I thought the casting was brilliant in this
movie, I thought the fight scenes were intense with Batman and Bane.
This movie had a fear vibe with what Bane was attempting and it was a
thrill to see Gotham fight back and win. The problems that I had with
this movie was the aspect ratio switch on one scene. Another problem I
had was the ending, I didn't understand how Batman survived the bomb
drop but it's down to interpretation. To me, The Bat had super speed.
The final ending could have been much better. At the time it would have
left some viewers to think that the next film would have featured Robin
being the next Batman. But only for those who would not have been aware
of the DC movie plans. This movie had a great epic thrill feeling which excites me.
			
View show love, to see the same still feel like Her favorite two main
actors rapture The latest Batman movie - and final - Christopher
Nolan's pursuit of humor and avoiding flashy. Use technology to create
not just a voyeuristic masterpiece that is. And abstain from using 3D
images while pursuing maximum IMAX and the classic effect of contrast
and texture.Unlike The Dark Knight - the film with political insight, keen for a
world in crisis and acting as a game changer by Heath Ledger. That this
is a tight climax to a triple beam elevate a film genre, and helped
wipe out at least a certain ironic associated with "super hero".
			
The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 epic superhero film directed by
Christopher Nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother
Jonathan Nolan, and the story, with David S. Goyer. Featuring the DC
Comics character Batman, the film is the final installment in Nolan's
Batman film trilogy, and the sequel to Batman Begins (2005) and The
Dark Knight (2008). Christian Bale reprises the lead role of Bruce
Wayne/Batman, with a returning cast of allies: Michael Caine as Alfred
Pennyworth, Gary Oldman as James Gordon, and Morgan Freeman as Lucius
Fox. The film introduces Selina Kyle (Anne Hathaway), a sly, morally
ambiguous cat burglar, and Bane (Tom Hardy), a mercenary bent on
destroying Gotham City who forces an older Bruce Wayne to come out of
retirement and become Batman again.Christopher Nolan was hesitant about returning to the series for a
second time, but agreed after developing a story with his brother and
Goyer that he felt would conclude the series on a satisfactory note.
Nolan drew inspiration from Bane's comic book debut in the 1993
"Knightfall" storyline, the 1986 series The Dark Knight Returns, and
the 1999 storyline "No Man's Land". Filming took place in locations
including Jodhpur,[5] London, Nottingham, Glasgow, Los Angeles, New
York City, Newark, and Pittsburgh. Nolan used IMAX cameras for much of
the filming, including the first six minutes of the film, to optimize
the quality of the picture. A variation of the Batplane termed the
"Bat", an underground prison set, and a new Batcave set were created
specifically for the film. As with The Dark Knight, viral marketing
campaigns began early during production. When filming concluded, Warner
Bros. refocused its campaign: developing promotional websites,
releasing the first six minutes of the film, screening theatrical
trailers, and sending out information regarding the film's plot.The Dark Knight Rises premiered in New York City on July 16, 2012. The
film was released in Australia and New Zealand on July 19, 2012, and in
North America and the United Kingdom on July 20, 2012. Upon release it
received critical acclaim and is widely considered by publications to
be one of the best films of 2012.[6][7][8][9] Like its predecessor, the
film grossed over $1 billion worldwide at the box office, making it the
second film in the Batman film series, and by extension the second film
based on a DC Comics character, to earn $1 billion. It is currently the
tenth-highest-grossing film of all time, the third-highest-grossing
film of 2012, and the third-highest-grossing superhero film of all
time.
			
Very good Film to watch with family. Lots of Action Suspense and Drama.
Lots of really good talent. The movie is one to add to your collection
if you have any of the others. Always looking forward for more to come
from the Actors. The story line is great and is always different with
each film. They use different Men to play the part but they always
choose the right men to play the parts. Would love to act in a future
film of the movie or meet the actors in person. The movie can become so
real for kids they pretend to be the actor on the movie. Love how it
keeps kids looking forward to want to be the action hero. By wearing
capes even little girls get involved in the action as well.
			
Other than maybe James Bond, Batman is probably the most coveted role
in Hollywood. No matter what actor takes the role, there is certain to
be plenty of fan feedback, both positive and negative. When Warner
Brothers announced that Ben Affleck would star as Batman alongside Man
of Steel star Henry Cavill in 2015's Batman/Superman, fan reaction was
polarized to say the least. Many fans ignored Affeck's sweltering
performances in the Town and Argo, and panicked over the actor's more
maligned work in Gigli and Daredevil, another urban vigilante owned by
DC's rival, Marvel. Despite the fact that Affleck is a greatly
accomplished actor and a box office success, nerd rage filled the
Internet to the point of bursting. Affleck is a fantastic actor and if
director Zack Snyder and script writers Jonathon Nolan and David Goyer
nail the script to Batman/Superman, Affleck will nail the role and go
on the Batman Rushmore of Keaton, West, and Bale. Never before has
Warners tried to mesh their two most iconic heroes together, but with
Marvel finding so much success with the Avengers, it was almost
inevitable that DC would build their own heroic pantheon. If the
Affleck experiment works, fans can be sure the Justice League will soon
follow.
			
No one can deny the unprecedented level of expectation that this film
was pressured to live up to. Its predecessor - The Dark Knight not only
topped most top movie 10 polls of 2008, but became widely recognised as
possibly one of the best films of all time. Notwithstanding that was of
course Nolan's interlude movie Inception, which again achieved
spectacular feats not only at the box office but critically as well. To
say the least, the pressure was on.But fear not, I assure you this feature will be no disappointment. Set
8 years after the events of The Dark Knight, batman has hung up his
cape, took the fall for Harvey Dent's crimes and now lives a solitary
life as a recluse - that is until Tom Hardy's Bane causes havoc and
promotes anarchy and chaos across Gotham. One thing is for certain, Nolan has taken no chances with this movie;
his script is every bit as clever and well thought out as all the films
he has written. Unlike so many of today's superhero movies he doesn't
rely on explosions and special effects to move his story from one scene
to the other. Also, despite its large cast it doesn't feel as though
the big names are fighting for screen time and story-lines unlike the
last time Bane was disastrously placed on the big screen in 1997s
Batman and Robin. What this movie manages to do which so many
blockbusters don't, is balance an edge-of-your-seat action extravaganza
with sustaining a level of intelligence that makes it more accessible
for those not just looking for a few cheap thrills. This does not go to say, however, that it does not have its faults. One
thing I can honestly say is that while it may just match The Dark
Knight, it does by no means beat it. Ledger's Joker was an adversary
unrivalled by Hardy's Bane, although praise to in-keeping with the
comic's perception of Bane must be noted for not overlooking his
intellect or immense strength. Overall The Dark Knight Rises somehow manages to live up to the high
expectations placed on its shoulders. Nolan manages to deliver a film
that ticks every box and yet still maintains a distance from the clich
blockbusters Hollywood rolls out every year. The only real question is
what will he do next?
			
the movie takes us to rise of batman and reveals some of the secrets of
the dark knight .' batman must face deception, love , revenge,
treachery, from the ones close to him.movie is pretty awesome and the acting of bane is superb. i don't want
to blow anyones mind but it is i must say a movie one must watch. hats
of to Christian bale, tom hardy, Morgan freeman for their acting and
Christopher Nolan for his superb direction. i watched it 3 times in
hall and no less than 10 times of cinema. there were certain points
which made a chill ran through my spine and there were some moments
when i think even sherlock Holmes would have not guessed that.overall pretty damn awesome
			
Not an easy task to follow up The Dark Knight 2008, but this film does
in almost every way.The scale of this film is huge. It blends the comic-book fantasy with
realism in a way that the marvel films don't. Its also much more
serious in tone.Bain's mask adds physical mystery to the character and his identity but
the altered voice doesn't work for me. And although you're restricted
to get all the characters into play at the right time within the
time-fram of a film there are lots of people turning up just in the
nick of time! Something you don't notice in the 2008 film. There are so
many great twists and story lines within the film you never get bored
or feel the story is lagging behind.There is so much potential for expansion in the Batman story and they
have extracted all that they could. Batman struggles in this film and
you struggle with him. I loved it
			
Of the three Dark Knight movies directed by Christopher Nolan, The Dark
Knight rises is the only one I have seen in the theater, an experience
I quite enjoyed. Now, to be honest, if I were to just look at this film
all on its own and disregard the previous two films, I would only have
found it to be decent, or just good at best. It does have some flaws,
and it's my least favorite of the three installments. But when I take
into account the previous two films, this film becomes immensely
entertaining for me.At the end of The Dark Knight, Bruce Wayne, guised as Batman, took the
rap for Harvey Dent's crimes. This film picks up eight years later,
where Bruce has since hung up the cape and now stays mainly shut up in
his mansion. Meanwhile, Gotham has improved (at least on the surface).
However, a new villain, Bane, comes to town, forcing Bruce back into
action despite his tarnished Batman reputation.I felt that the weakest part of the film was the first forty-five
minutes; I found this part of the film to be a bit slow and uneven. But
after this, the film got significantly better, and continued to get
better and better as the story progressed (with a few twists) until the
ending, which I loved. Admittedly the storyline is a bit of a retread
of Batman Begins, and there are some frankly big gaps in logic. This
film is more dreamlike and less cerebral than the previous two films,
and it's a bit too long. Not to mention we don't see much Batman.
However, I did feel that this film was a slight step up emotionally
from the previous two. And the running length didn't bother me all that
much; in fact, I would say that a director's cut would be completely
justified.The actors all put on good performances. There is Christian Bale, of
course, who has brought charisma to Bruce Wayne/Batman since the
beginning of Nolan's series. The other actors do a good job too.
Michael Caine returns as Alfred, who has less screen time in this film
than he had before, but is no less powerful. Gary Oldman returns as
Commissioner Gordon, and even Morgan Freeman returns as Lucius Fox, who
provides Bruce with a new, aerial form of transportation (and yes, it
does come in black).We also have some new characters, all (or at least most) of who make
worthy additions to the franchise. There is the badass and utterly
terrifying villain, Bane. Tom Hardy pulls off a worthy performance of
this masked menace, masterful and merciless. Anne Hathaway and Marion
Cottilard play Selina Kyle and Miranda Tate, respectively, the latter
of whom with whom Bruce even sleeps; but this doesn't develop into
anything more than just a brief, shallow affair; Bruce's romantic
interests pretty much ended with Rachel's death in the previous film. I
even want to give a thumbs-up to Joseph Gordon Levitt; and we learn
something special about his character at the end of the film.Again, I think the film is just decent, or good at best, on its own,
but I love it as a chapter in the overall series (although, again, it
is my least favorite film of the trilogy). While I can enjoy Batman
Begins and The Dark Knight Rises as stand-alones as well as parts of a
series, I feel that my appreciation for this one is extremely dependent
on the basis established by the previous two installments. That brings
me to my next point: the highlight of the film for me is the
continuation of the overall story of the series. If you ask me, this
film brings Bruce Wayne's story to an excellent conclusion. As for the
lack of Batman, I would have liked to see more of him, but his absence
did not bother me much as this is really more of a Bruce Wayne movie
rather than a Batman movie.This film has some connections and references to the first film. For
me, the most powerful of these is the reference to the theme of
learning to pick ourselves back up after we fall. This theme is
introduced in the first film as Bruce falls into the well and his
father helps him out. The reference to this theme in TDKR (which also
reflects the film's title) is a highly symbolic one that involves an
underground prison that Bruce has to climb out of, while the prisoners
watching him chant a very catchy and memorable chant. His father helped
him out of that well as a kid, and now he has to climb out of this
prison himself. He now has to learn to pick himself back up, both
literally and symbolically. This scene also excellently symbolizes
Bruce's overall, underlying journey to rise back up and re-discover the
will to live.Overall, this is one of my favorite film trilogies. In addition to
having great action sequences and effects, it also has a great,
relatable underlying story. It has great moral messages, such
consequences for one's actions, and much more. This trilogy contains a
lot of life's lessons. And it doesn't exactly hurt that it works as
pure blockbuster entertainment as well.Before I close, I want to mention the music score. Hans Zimmer returns
to work his musical magic on this film just like he did on BB and TDK.
Especially noteworthy is that recurring two-note motif that has
appeared repeatedly throughout the entire series. Whenever this motif
is heard, it never completely resolves, always posing some questions.
Just like the motif, even at the points where the story resolves, it
never quite resolves completely, always posing some questions and
uncertainties as to what is to come in the future, among other things.
In fact, it is this two-note motif with which the film, and the series,
ends.
			
Fans, don't listen to these Michael Bay-loving haters that just do this
for attention. TDKR is truly a masterpiece in superhero film history.
Now, as a fan of Batman and Christopher Nolan, I believe that a final
film of a trilogy should be the most intense and most jaw- dropping(Toy
Story 3, Return Of The King). THIS is what a Batman movie should be
like- excellent performances that both fit the character and define
their portrayals, eye-popping visuals that are filmed creatively and
are designed fluently(WITHOUT the use of 3D, made in IMAX only), a
smartly-told and unique storyline with epic action scenes and bone-
chilling drama, and an awesome villain that is as ruthless and
developed as Darth Vader from The Empire Strikes Back. These all
describe TDKR and more. This film is truly a gem in filmmaking and
should be less scorned(in fact, it should be recognized as the best
superhero film ever made along with GOTG). Please do see this one.
			
With the massacre in Colorado, accompanied by the usual brawls between
fans of Marvel and DC on the internet, even with Batman: The Dark
Knight Rises (The Dark Knight Rises) debuting a week later in Brazil,
little has been seen talking in the film itself. So here we go: the final installment of director Christopher Nolan
trilogy, like its predecessors, is a different kind of comic book
adaptation. Yes, comic elements are there, but how they emerge in the
plot, watching every sensation, connecting us emotionally to events is
more common to dramas and the like. This time we have a Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) more sentimental, more
demanding interpretation of the actor. For years retired from his
heroic identity, is forced to wear his uniform again when Gotham City
begins to be attacked by thief Selina Kyle (Anne Hathaway) and the
resourceful and dangerous Bane (Tom Hardy). The scope of all, as one would expect from a conclusion, is greater.
For more realistic that the franchise has tried to be, this film comes
much closer to the comics with a greater threat, more action, more epic
all. It is not uncommon to note elements of famous comic character, as,
of course, The Fall of the Bat, but also the Messiah, No Man's Land,
The Legacy of Demon and even the classic Batman: The Dark Knight by
Frank Miller. With a somewhat slow start, the movie takes to pick up pace, but when
caught, their almost three hours did not seem so much, even more
considering the amount of exploited elements. All characters gain their
space, some being detailed for the first time, the case of Alfred
Michael Caine. Gary Oldman remains great, stealing the scene whenever possible in the
skin of Commissioner Gordon. Lucius Fox Morgan Freeman continues his
tirades fun, but this time with much greater participation, including
some more serious scenes. The Bane Tom Hardy recovers the original tone of the character: not
just a brute, but someone who plans every move carefully. But it is a
point that is being criticized: the voice of the villain, which was
unintelligible in the trailers was re-dubbed. Thus, in addition to
clearer, became more threatening, but the dubbing was not successful at
all times - sometimes there is no sound, even though we realize that
the character is speaking and gesturing. Anne Hathaway gives life to a Catwoman (although she is clearly not
called by that nickname) perfect. The character is provocative,
entertaining and ambiguous in some extent. The essence of Selina Kyle
was found: nothing too tragic origin, special powers or sheer villainy,
that's the nicer version of the character in the flesh, one that
Catwoman has fun with what he does and transiting between good and
evil. The cop John Blake, played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, stands out a lot.
The character offers a new perspective on Gotham and its problems at
times looking like a middle ground between Batman and Gordon. It until
it becomes something even greater. Being the last film in the series, it is expected that Rises tie the
ends. And does it very well. Basically all aspects of mythology are
addressed and find some kind of conclusion. And there is room for many
surprises along the way. Indeed, the proof that a movie is engaging is
when, despite having prior knowledge of rumors and elements already
shown in the comics, so busy that we forget all that, surprising us
anyway. Another point that deserves a little criticism is action. When the
choice of Bane, it was explained that the idea was to create a physical
threat to Batman. But it goes down in combat scenes between the two,
who can not afford the epic tone needed thanks to the limitations of
movement of the armature of the hero. However, this failure is
compensated in many other points, as the agility of Catwoman, this is
the movie with more action in the franchise. The soundtrack by Hans Zimmer remains impressive. Themes that, in
isolation, might sound strange and meaningless, placed in certain
scenes make everything more epic, and most exciting, contributing to
the identity of the characters, without ever leaving aside the issues
of the previous films, cleverly "embedded" in new compositions. Batman: The Dark Knight Rises is a remarkable conclusion. The outcome
may result in estrangement fans of the characters, but it's always good
to remember that this is indeed an end, something that rarely happens
for real in comics, or take different paths is only natural in this
case. After three great movies, as much as the story has found an end,
there is no way deviate from our thoughts more sequels after all the
Gotham City created this trilogy still has much to offer, and the
outcome leaves us with even more desire to know what might come after.
			
"Batman: The Dark Knight Rises" was the best movie of 2012! In fact,
it's one of the best movies that I watched. The trilogy comes to end in
a fantastic way. It was epic! And that's the why the Batman is my
favorite super hero. Eight years ago, since Harvey Dent's death and Batman's disappearance,
Gotham City lives in apparent peace. Or rather, lives a lie. But when
Bane appears - the masked villain - everything changes, and Bruce is
forced to leave his exile to prevent the Bane transforms the city into
a hell. Sacrifices must be made. Enjoy and feel every minute of the movie, no exceptions! With a well
structured script, breathtaking scenes and many twists, action from
start to end; wonderful performances; great tension, fear and surprise;
intense dialogs; and a little of humor. Bane (Tom Hardy), the villain, is smart and strong, and I don't need to
mention the fact that the CatWoman was amazing (Anne Hathaway)- even
making me angry at some parts. The new policeman, John Blake (Joseph
Gordon-Levitt), was essential to the plot, and as the Commissioner
Gordon (Gary Oldman) - who suffers emotionally. Lucius Fox (Morgan
Freeman) and Alfred (Michael Caine)are amazing, both are really
important and memorable to the story. And Batman, better impossible! I could keep writing about it, but would inevitably contain spoilers
and ruin the surprise. So I stop by here... It's worth mentioning that
the movie was completed, all nicely tied - from Batman Begins - the
trilogy ended with perfection. And also a lot of emotion. Christopher
Nolan is a genius.
			
the dark knight rises is batter then marvel's the avengers and the dark
knight rises is better then the dark knight the dark knight rises is
batter then marvel's the avengers and the dark knight rises is better
then the dark knight the dark knight rises is batter then marvel's the
avengers and the dark knight rises is better then the dark knight the
dark knight rises is batter then marvel's the avengers and the dark
knight rises is better then the dark knight the dark knight rises is
batter then marvel's the avengers and the dark knight rises is better
then the dark knight the dark knight rises is batter then marvel's the
avengers and the dark knight rises is better then the dark knight the
dark knight rises is batter then marvel's the avengers and the dark
knight rises is better then the dark knight the dark knight rises is
batter then marvel's the avengers and the dark knight rises is better
then the dark knight
			
Trilogies that have a third film which *doesn't* suck? Hard to come by.
But Christopher Nolan has done it. His Batman films have always been
much more than mere comic book films. They've had more depth and
meaning than most films of the genre could ever hope to have. He proved
himself the director Batman needed with Batman Begins, than proved that
not only can some sequels *not* stink, but some can even surpass the
originals with The Dark Knight. Now he has shown that it is indeed
possible to make an epic conclusion to a film series that doesn't ruin
the memory of the prior films. Of course there'll be those unsatisfied
with this film & its ending - those with impossible standards who've
built the film up so much in their minds that no matter what, they
would complain. For those with realistic expectations, however, this
film should more than live up to what you'd hoped for.Christian Bale has been on a hell of a journey through three films with
Bruce Wayne/Batman. While others may have been able to capture aspects
of one character, no one was ever able to capture both sides until
Bale. He ensured that Bruce was as important a character as Batman. He,
like Batman himself, gave it everything he had. There was so much
nuance to Bale's performance that you may not have even realised. His
Bruce/Batman is indeed a legend. It was essential that this film
focused the most on Bruce himself, and that it has. It's his journey's
conclusion.Did nobody learn from Heath Ledger? All those people who badmouthed him
when he was cast as The Joker, then had to eat their words once they
saw his Oscar winning performance. We've now gone through it again with
Anne Hathaway as jewel thief Selina Kyle/Catwoman. She proves herself,
much like Ledger did, more than adequate for the role. Her Catwoman may
not be as theatrical as Michelle Pfeiffer's, but she goes a long way to
erasing the bad memory of Halle Berry's crap effort. Selina is a woman
who knows what she wants and does whatever it takes to get it, but
despite making some mistakes, she does have her own moral code just
like Batman. She never veers too far from anti-hero into villain
territory. Hathaway is completely believable, showing off a formidable
and sultry side some people may not have thought her capable of. She
completely owns this femme fatale role with her unique interpretation.
The relationship she has with Bruce/Batman is perfect and her character
adds a much-needed spice that was sadly lacking in Rachel Dawes. Bale
and Hathaway play off each other really well, and Catwoman more than
holds her own against and alongside Batman. Like all things in Nolan's
Bat-verse, this Catwoman puts functionality above style, wearing
night-vision goggles that serve as 'cat ears' when atop her head and
boots with very effective spiked heels. Her costume is like a female
version of Batman's, and its look appears to be a nod to the '60s
Batman TV show Catwoman. Hathaway's Catwoman proves a much-needed ally
for Batman, and Selina a much-needed part in Bruce's life. Tom Hardy's Bane, whose introduction was certainly extravagant, wasn't
quite as memorable for me as Ledger's Joker was. He's certainly a
credible threat to both Gotham and Batman. His mask is ferocious and
there's a lot going on with him, but despite this, I wasn't fully
engaged/invested in his character. Apart from requiring subtitles for
much of his muffled dialogue, I thought the film kind of meandered with
his character. He's all sorts of destructive and comes closer to ending
Batman for good than anyone has before, but I just didn't find him as
fulfilling as I'm sure others might have. Hardy's performance is very
good, it's just the character I wasn't that into.Marion Cotillard, meanwhile, adds another layer to proceedings. As
Miranda Tate for most of the film, she gives Bruce someone to connect
with intimately. But things get really into gear near the end when her
heritage is revealed. It makes for quite the twist (and even if you'd
suspected who she'd turn out to be, it's still a satisfying reveal). I
thought Marion was really good throughout the film, but in particular
she sold the hell out of the moment she reveals her true colours. This
film more than makes up for the lack of excellent/interesting female
characters in the other two films. Completing the Inception reunion is Joseph Gordon-Levitt as John Blake,
a cop who has a connection to Batman and ends up being very important.
He gives the character a lot of depth and makes sure he leaves an
impact. Previous key players such as Gary Oldman's Gordon, Morgan
Freeman's Lucius Fox and Michael Caine's Alfred have not been
forgotten. They have been so memorable and integral to the story that,
despite perhaps not getting as much focus as they had previously, they
ensure they're a constant presence whether they're on screen or not.
Caine's Alfred especially shares some heart-wrenching moments with
Bruce. These esteemed actors in these roles will surely never be
topped.Nolan's Batman films have always been epic, but this one is
particularly ambitious. The film's runtime might seem a bit daunting,
but you'll be so immersed in the film that you won't even notice
(unless you have a short attention span). There's mind-boggling action
sequences, twists & turns, callbacks, surprising cameos, a true sense
of terror throughout Gotham City...and yet there is also hope. I was
happy with the film's ending. Naturally there'll be those who'd wished
things had ended more grim/depressingly. There was never going to be an
end to Nolan's Batman that pleased everybody, but this should come damn
close. It's as close to perfect as one could hope for. Thankyou to
Nolan and everyone involved in making this definitive epic trilogy that
the character of Batman has long-deserved.
			
I absolutely loved this film! It's a must see filled with action and
drama. It's a must watch. As a batman lover and also a DC lover I
believe this film couldn't be any better. Watched this with my younger
brother and he loved it to. Great for family viewing and also solo
viewing. Anyway highly recommended from me and the younger brother.
			
I've seen this movie many times... you don't get tired of this
masterpiece. The action sequences are magnificent. At a running time of
almost 3 hours, the film never becomes boring. The Joker character is
an instant classic. You almost cheer for him to win the battle. I just
have to say everyone and anyone should see it. 10/10"
			
8 years after Batman's conflict with the Joker, he has become a social
recluse like you'd expect him to be. But that won't last very long, as
the genius terrorist Bane, has risen in Gotham and will draw the Batman
out of hiding. And Bane is more than a worthy opponent. Bane proves to
be formidable this movie that gives Bruce Wayne the test of strength
and willpower. Like the rest of The Dark Knight trilogy, and the rest
of Christopher Nolan's movies, this film is incredibly well produced,
and is amazing all together in every way. The story telling and scene
quality is amazing, and leaves you wondering how it could be any
better. The movie introduces the villain Bane, who has his origin
explained in the movie. Bane is one of Batman's biggest comic enemies,
and is an intimidating character. Tom Hardy's performance as Bane is
flawless, and really makes you believe in the character throughout the
movie. The movie also introduces another important Batman-related
character, Catwoman. Selina Kyle's character isn't as deep as Batman,
but is still a juicy feature of this movie. Seeing Christopher Nolan's
Batman interact with the notorious Catwoman is pure gold. Anne Hathaway
does a phenomenal performance of Catwoman, that defines how you'll view
the character.Overall, the movie is perfect. Its suspense and intensity remain
constant throughout the run-time, as the characters develop, along with
the plot. Every movie fan should see this, for it easily takes a seat
among the best movies ever made. Although it does not surpass the
previous addition to The Dark Knight trilogy (The Dark Knight), it
still delivers a satisfying and purely uplifting conclusion to the
trilogy that will never have any competition for the title of Best
Trilogy Ever.
			
In the prologue of Christopher Nolan's film "The Prestige", a Michael
Caine voice-over explains that, in order to conduct a successful magic
trick, "it isn't enough to make something disappear...you have to bring
it back". In "Dark Knight Rises", another Nolan masterpiece, the genius
director does exactly that.For a basic plot summary, "Dark Knight Rises" sees Bruce Wayne
(Christian Bale), now a sort of shut-in hermit, retired from the role
of Batman as Gotham City has rallied around the Harvey Dent myth in
order to clean up its streets. When jewel thief Selina Kyle (Anne
Hathaway) breaks into Wayne Manor and steals a family heirloom,
however, Bruce is curious enough to pursue her. Along the way, Bruce
stumbles into a new plot from the League of Shadows, now led by the
seemingly unstoppable Bane (Tom Hardy), and realizes that Batman must
return. However, the transition back to the Caped Crusader, as
predicted by butler Alfred (Michael Caine) and "gadget guy" Lucius Fox
(Morgan Freeman), is not as easy as it seems.This is one of those movies where not a single scene or character
emotion is wasted. It runs for two hours and 45 minutes, but it seems
like nothing due to the fact that the narrative is practically seamless
in the way that it holds the viewing interest. This is accomplished in
a variety of different ways, including...-A storyline that is the natural continuation (and ending) of the
Nolan/Bale Batman trilogy. Each movie ("Begins", "Knight", & "Rises")
are stand-alone achievements in their own right, yet they are also part
of a coherent whole that is ended by this chapter.-Characters so compelling that they almost seem real. In a stroke of
genius, Nolan takes the new villain-Bane-and, in his own way, makes him
just as interesting as Heath Ledger's Joker (quite an arduous task if
you've seen "Dark Knight"). You known the character development is
spot-on when you start actually feeling a bit frightened of a certain
character, as I did on numerous occasions regarding Bane. He is that
visceral of a presence. Hathaway's Kyle/Catwoman also provides a strong
(if perhaps at times rushed) presence to the film, as she is the one
who truly draws Bruce Wayne back into social society once again.-The soundtrack and cinematography complement each other perfectly. You
don't see much see or hear as FEEL the chant from Bane's underground
prison, or the roar of the Batpod as it motors down Gotham's streets.-The actual ending scene(s) themselves, which (while I won't give them
away here) are perhaps the most perfect way I have ever seen a director
end such a large and expansive franchise. Nolan's "Batman mythology" is
complete, yet the story continues (if that makes any sense).Simply put, "Dark Knight Rises" is one of the overall finest films ever
produced, considering the scale of what it had to accomplish and the
expectations it was living up to. Rarely has such a movie been made
that has absolutely everything and can appeal to such a large audience
(plus being based on a fictional superhero to boot!). See it if you
even have an inkling that you should.
			
Firstly and most importantly the story of this film is brilliant. From
the very start the normal narrative structure is disregarded, as with
previous Nolan's work. The story starts off with a powerful,
unforgettable plane hijacking scene introducing the masked villain Bane
portrayed brilliantly by Tom Hardy. It then moves to the life of Bruce
Wayne (8 years after the events of TDK) and the emptiness he now lives
in with the death of Rachel on his conscience and the crimes of Harvey
Dent which he chose to take the blame for, for the good of Gotham. This
is until Bane strikes again and forces Batman into action, along with
newcomer Selina Kyle aka. Catwoman. The story continues to unfold
beautifully with surprises at every twist and turn building up to a
mesmerizing sensational last hour and climax. Batman falls and 'rises'
in this film as Bane takes full control of Gotham causing Bruce
unbearable pain by making him witness his city burn helplessly.The acting in this movie is wonderful and varied with each character
perfectly bringing their roles to life. Christian Bale gives his best
performance yet as Bruce Wayne who in many ways feels like a
down-to-earth human being in this one and not as of a distant
billionaire playboy. In this one we can feel his despair and learn even
more about him with the help of the brilliant characterization and
development, as he faces immense challenges he must overcome and learn
the true meaning of ''Why do we fall?'' whatever the consequences. The
fact even he can be 'broken' shows us despite how much of a symbol he
is and what he stands for, he is still physically just a man and all
men can fall. Moving on, despite not living up to Ledger's genius, Tom
Hardy still does a hell of a job portraying the huge masked villain
Bane superbly and through his marvelous performance it makes him a
completely terrifying and menacing villain who is not to be reckoned
with. Despite this monstrous side by the end we begin to sympathise
with him more as he is revealed by the end to have a much gentler human
side, showing how even the worst of people are still just human. These
being the two strongest performances of the film nevertheless doesn't
mean the rest of the cast didn't also do a great job. Hathaway portrays
cunning, sexy Catwoman engrossingly, Caine does a fantastic job as
always, as does new-comer Joseph Gordon Levitt (John Blake) and Gary
Oldman as Commissioner James Gordon is excellent as per usual. Marion
Cotillard is one of the weaker additions to this impeccable cast and
perhaps having a slightly underwritten character than many of the
others and a particularly bad performance in her last moments, she
still manages to do a good job overall.The themes and issues explored in this film amount to something greater
in many aspects than in TDK, despite TDK being a much better film.
Bane's plan can be associated with the Occupy Wall Street movement, the
banking crisis of our modern society and whether capitalism is the
right direction to stay on or should the system be changed to allow a
new sense of order. It does not suggest anarchy but possibly that a new
law and order must be brought about for society to flourish. It
portrays some ideas about revolution and questions - whether there will
ever be a fall of western civilization or such a powerful system as
capitalism. This film contributes greatly to the world as we see it
today and a lot of symbolic elements fill the story, unlike some other
superhero films which simply employ nice visuals and humour to
entertain an audience and no deeper gritty material for us to sink our
teeth into.Moving on to technical aspects, the action of the film is bigger and
often better than before, orchestrated breath-takingly from the opening
scene of the huge plane hijacking to thousands of people charging at
each other through the torn apart streets of Gotham, filmed on Wall
Street helping to give just the massive scale of the action. This does
not always manage to reach the great heights of the electrifying effect
of TDK's action sequences yet often is able to surprise you and still
has some of the most vigourously entertaining and enthralling sequences
in blockbuster history. The sound editing as well as the music of
Zimmer are powerful and more hard hitting than ever yet with a nice
blend of calm moments to stop it from being a purely loud clunky mess
of a film. The visual effects also add to the realism and astonishing
nature of the action sequences and the film overall considering a
majority of them were practical and avoided using CGI as much as
possible, another reason I also respect Nolan as a filmmaker despite
making such 'big' films.Finally, we have a superhero trilogy were all three films are
masterpieces. The dark knight rises carries an emotional punch with its
brilliant innovative action sequences, hard hitting sound and music,
fantastic acting, characterization and great depth in storytelling as
well as morals and allegories about society, capitalism and the human
spirit and how much one man can affect many so astoundingly, to become
a legend, all that can be drawn from this unbelievably entertaining
masterpiece of modern mainstream cinema, one of my favourites.
			
I know the reason why some Batman/TDK fans didn't like it because it
was too overloaded, but the reason why they have to make it overloaded
is because they needed money in desperation due to the automatic real
life death of Joker actor Heath Ledger between TDK and TDKR.Even if Bruce/Batman got his back-broken by Bane, sent back to dungeon
and stabbed by Talia, which were all also considered bad, then that
does not make this movie bad because Batman/Bruce is considered a
bachelor superhero, unlike these other superheroes Clark/Superman,
Steve/Captain America and Peter/Spiderman.But the other reason why I prefer TDKR rather than TDK is because: 1.) Real-life actor Tom Hardy, who plays Bane, is still alive now.2.) The violence in this movie is dark, gritty, intense and realistic,
but not too fearfully overdone like TDK.3.) Even if there's terrorism in this movie, that does not make this
type of terrorism even fearful at all.4.) At least I didn't see Bane nor Catwoman threatened to kill a single
child in this movie.5.) Bane killed by Catwoman than Batman is correct enough to be
convincing because Bane is more of leading henchman villain and has his
own supervisor, which is his partner, Talia.6.) Batman killing Talia was also correct because we should know now
that Talia is Bane's supervisor.Stop all the hating in this movie, this movie is alright and even
better than TDK, TBH, IMO!
			
On the lead up to this film it was clear that this film was not going
to be better than its predecessor but in my opinion this is a flawless
movie that falls only ever so short of The Dark Knights perfection.
This movie was different from what people were expecting that's why I
think so many people came out against this movie it's not always
"entertaining" but that's not a bad thing it's an incredibly deep
character study of a broken man trying his best to regain what he lost.
In The Dark Knight Christian Bale didn't get as much time to shine
because of Heath Ledgers incredible performance as The Joker but this
is his movie nobody steals this one from Bale he's perfect at betraying
a broken and even afraid Batman and truly gave his Batman the send of
it deserved. Tom Hardy was perfect casting for Bane he's not only very
physically imposing but his mind games makes him all the more
interesting and to date remains Hardy's best performance. Michael Caine
has constantly shown that he's perfect for the role of Alfred and you
see his fear and affection for Bruce in this movie and he truly gives a
very emotionally resonant performance. Take choice of allowing Bane to
win in his first fight against Batman was a very good choice because we
see with out own eyes his power instead of just hearing about it and
sets up in my opinion one of the greatest scenes in movie history:
Bruce's escape from The Pit. The intensity of this scene was through
the roof its was perfectly set up with all of his previous failures to
escape and the cuts to the desperate situation in Gotham makes you feel
Wayne's desperation to get out and the score, direction and
performances all came together perfectly which had me cheering when I
saw it in the theatre. The last act of this movie felt more like a war
film than anything else the entire build up and battle just feels
earned and really makes you realise that it's all coming to ahead. When
Batman finally defeats Bane its just such a satisfying end to his
character arc you realise that he's a human being behind that mask with
a dark past of his own. The final scenes with Bruce just feels like the
perfect conclusion to his arc in the trilogy in feels like Batman
sacrificed himself for Gotham and Bruce Wayne finds the happiness and
peace that he's always wanted. Once you realise that Joseph
Gordon-Levitts character is some form of Robin in makes you realise
that plenty more will happen after the credits start rolling and I
could not have asked for a more satisfying conclusion. The Dark Knight Rises masterfully concludes one of the greatest
trilogies we've ever had it just does everything I'd ever want it to
and so much more. 100%/A+
			
TDKR is my favourite movie of all time. This is the first time I'm
writing a review and it's only because of some stupid fanboys who are
boycotting this movie just because it doesn't follow the original comic
book storyline. This movie is a piece of art. Watch it if you're a fan
of Christopher Nolan or Batman. It won't disappoint you either ways.
The only problem that could be faced by a few is that it has some major
twists and doesn't follow the storyline of the graphic novels. If
that's the case then please relax because this version could have
existed in a parallel universe. comic books always include a parallel
universe story arc then why not in this case. This is Batman at his
best. It showcases batman's most important weapon, his will. Please
don't be disappointed if you find some minor changes in the characters.
This is what filmmaking is all about. filmmaking is not about some
comic book nods piled up in a glittering garbage. Every time you watch
this movie and look closely, I can guarantee you that you will notice
something new and more entertaining. This movie is not just a one time
watch. It highlights some of the major problems in our world. It has a
deep underlying message. If you're a fan of sensible cinema then this
movie is definitely for you.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is truly one of the greatest super hero movies of
all times.As always, Christian Bale as Batman could not be surpassed by any other
actor's talents. The Bat suit looks better than ever with its added
details.Tom Hardy as Bane was questionable prior to seeing the movie; however,
he was the perfect fit for playing him. He delivered the strength and
ferocity of Bane like no other.It is a shame that this is the last one for the series, but it will
always be one of the greatest of all times.
			
The movie is set 8 years after the Joker incident so that anything
related to the Joker need not be shown (RIP Heath Ledger). Nolan
presents us a completely different Gotham. A different take on it. And
how 8 years can change people. How the Harvey dent and joker incident
can affect people and batman himself. In a time of peace, it is quite
easy to plan and attack even an entire city. Everything is taken into
concern. And it all adds up to one seemingly invincible villain. The
logic is never lost at any point of time. The screenplay is penned to
allow the impact of what has happened to Gotham and its people in "The
Dark Knight" and what could happen if something goes wrong now. so
batman blamed for Harvey dent the joker getting really under his skin
made him think of how far he takes his justice so much that the
injuries sustained in dark knight but a cat bugler about everything has
changed Gotham is free far all and mysterious figure from the league of
shadows banes played by tom hardy and his mask and causes mayhem with
Gotham and particular batman as he is strong as batman and causes a few
injuries and a bomb that set to explode to destroy the dark knight his
survival is utmost with bane and his gang destroying Gotham and
cornering the police force and using Wayne enterprise technology for
his gang but with scarecrow running the courts and lawlessness on the
streets batman is chases and hunted with a new sidekick but his trusted
butler Alfred worried about batman ideals and how far he would go find
a young police man called dick robin Grayson to help him in his role to
pursue justice only then can batman chase the bomb and have a better
life dead or alive at 2hr41mins 10/10 mr Nolan hats off to perfect
thrillogy
			
After Murphy's twisted Scarecrow and Ledger's psychotic Joker,
Christopher Nolan ensures that the final act of the trilogy breaks new
ground, with Tom Hardy's Bane being one of the most dazzlingly charming
and - with equal measure - pant-wettingly terrifying comic book
villains ever committed to film.The unmitigated sense of dread throughout is enthralling, and the
film's sheer size and scope - including story, action and visual
effects - makes The Dark Knight Rises not only a truly satisfying
conclusion to Nolan's series, but one of the best comic-to-film
adaptations of all time.
			
I have been a huge fan of Christopher Nolan's batman trilogy ever since
it came out. Although many of the "true batman fans" don't consider you
a batman fan unless you have read the comics or followed the TV
episodes, I think this trilogy makes anyone who enjoys a good film
makes him or her fall for batman. Christopher Nolan's superb direction
and incredible storyline has been able to bring out the true emotions
of batman as a human being rather than being a playboy billionaire.
Whether it is Hans Zimmer's chilling background score or visual
effects, this films has made me watch them again & again.Batman Begins explores the origins of Batman, the angry fires of
vengeance and the idealism of demolishing crime first born as he
watches his parents gunned down by a petty thief. But though these
early circumstances Bruce Wayne spends years spiraling through a pit of
anger, fueled by his feelings of uselessness and despair as he
recognizes the humanity's darkness. Beyond the incredibly physicality
required for the role, Christian Bale spins on a dime between the easy
smile of Bruce Wayne the Playboy Billionaire, the agony and frustration
of Bruce Wayne the Wandering Soul, and Batman, the Dark Knight, and
brings charisma and raw emotion to the dual- personalities. However, it
goes well beyond the simple costume change. Donning the suit, and
assuming a different voice, Bale creates two faces to both the
characters of Bruce Wayne and Batman, and the films themselves. I found
a smart, character-driven narrative tale about a man's descent into
darkness and his attempts to rise upwards and create light in a city
that was teetering on the edge of destruction. Joker's Killing Joke on
Wayne, I've always preferred Christian Bale in the role as the troubled
playboy, rather than Batman. His Bruce Wayne is troubled, believable
and encourages empathy in my mind, despite his sometimes questionable
character. One of the strengths of this film are Harvey Dent, who I'll
touch on in a moment, and the other one is The Joker, played by the
late Heath Ledger, who steals every scene he appears in, embodying
everything that defines Batman's great external villains. Ledger
delivers a performance that, in an opinion shared by many, is the
Joker's definitive representation, in any media. I've seen Ledger in
many roles, from small films like Candy, to teenage romantic comedies
like 10 Things I Hate About You, and I've always been impressed by his
versatility. I wasn't prepared to see him in the role of The Joker. Or,
rather, I wasn't prepared for how little I would see of the Ledger I
was familiar with in The Joker. From his first entrance, I didn't see
the actor behind the mask, it was The Joker on screen, no questions
asked. Aaron Eckhart, and his transformation into Two-Face, a white
knight fallen to the chaos that threatens to engulf the city he was so
close to saving. Dent is referred to many times as Gotham's 'White
Knight,' in contrast to the city's opinion of Batman's 'thuggish'
behavior and tactics, but he has a shadow over his heart that is just
as dark as the one that haunts Wayne, and it's difficult not to
question his motives and beliefs in the film's second half. Nolan plays
on the duality between these two characters, using them against each
other in a way that reveals their strengths and weaknesses to the
viewer. It's a wonderful thing to see, and, even now, it's hard for me
to decide whether Dent is one of the films heroes, villains, or
something of both. Where The Dark Knight was defined by its villains,
The Dark Knight Rises finds strength in its heroes. From Lucius Fox, to
Alfred Pennyworth, Jim Gordon and Selina Kyle, The Dark Knight Rises is
full of secondary characters that buoy Bruce Wayne and Batman, and
provide the foundations for his fight to save Gotham City. On the
criminal side, Bane can't hold a candle to The Joker, despite an
impressive and intimidating performance by Tom Hardy, but he does a
serviceable job at propelling the plot forward and being catalyst to
Bruce Wayne re-assuming the role of Batman, cast aside at the end of
the previous film. Bane with a new look with that mask on and a strong
voice with strong lines makes pays up. I wasn't thrilled with the
casting of Anne Hathaway in this role, though I'm generally a fan of
her as an actor. Aesthetically, in embracing her black cat visage, I
tend to picture Selina Kyle as an African American woman, likely
inspired by the version of her featured in Frank Miller's Batman: Year
One. But, as far as I know, Catwoman has no canon ethnicity, and there
are no socio-economic reasons that she can't be of any ethnicity, so
the complaint is a minor one and, within a few minutes of meeting her,
I was impressed by Hathaway's charisma and her physicality brought a
suitable sense of demure power and confidence that defines Selina Kyle
and Catwoman. There's much to love about Nolan's adaptation of the
Batman Series. Thematically, the films dig deep into the psyche and
personality of Bruce Wayne, his ideals and the things that drove him to
originally assume the role of Batman, and the drive to continue in that
role, even when all odds are against him. True to the spirit of Batman,
Nolan explores the duality of chaos and order, and the blurry line that
separates them. Batman's ultimate challenge is to recognize that it's
not what he owes to the people of Gotham that matters, but what he owes
to himself. The films are also impressive visual and theatrical
spectacles, delivering great performances, wonderful set pieces, and
satisfying action. Batman is defined by his writers, legends like Kane,
Miller and Moore, and I wouldn't hesitate to put Nolan on top of that
list. A wonderful experience, and not to be missed.
			
Nolan knew he couldn't disappoint us after the great hit that was the
previous batman movie. He only didn't disappoint us, but also finished
the batman trilogy in the best way possible. The cast is excellent, as always Michael Caine did a great job and
Cristian Bale played the batman character as good as always. The
appearance of Anne Hathaway (as catwoman) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt gave
the movie a touch of the old batmans that many of you read in the
comics. Last but not least, the villain is more powerful and terrifying
than ever. This movie has everything to be considered, in my opinion,
the best movie i've seen
			
**The Dark Knight Rises*** This movie will give you the thrill and excitement up to the maximum
! which you would never would have expected. This movie is all around
master piece ! it has brilliant screen play ,great direction and
talented actors to perform ! which is a great formula to create and an
epic movie !. * Christopher Nolan is one of the most brilliant director
and screen writer ! he shows his brilliance in this movie by making a
great direction and brilliant screen play up to a maximum level which
is hard to achieve ! he made this movie into a " Master Piece " !. *
This movie consist of talented actors and their performance was
outstanding ! they were all beautiful in their respective roles.Its
very enlightening to see interaction between these characters such as
Batman and Catwoman their chemistry works very well during screen
play!.Catwoman is new to this Batman sequel but has delivered a great
performance which is a pleasant surprise !. The protagonist in this
film Bane has done great job in this film even though its not the
performance that has done better than joker in Dark Knight but still he
did a fantastic job that no one could deny !each and every actors in
this movie deserves an applause for their fantastic performance !.
*Action sequence in this movie are exciting ! the choreography for
stunt and fighting in this movie has done a fantastic job it displayed
very beautifully in the big screen. !. *Overall the movie is Fantastic
it wont bore you down at any movement ! Considering its 2 1\2 hour long
and it does not have any moments which is dull ! It will gives you
plenty of surprises and excitement which will makes you to watch this
movie twice.The Dark Knight Rises : ********** (10/10) Stars
			
his third and final installment to Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy,
at several times, wanted to make me stand up and cheer.This film deserves a perfect 10. All of the magic of "Batman Begins"
(2005) and "The Dark Knight" (2008) return  especially with respect to
an excellent script with a layered, detailed plot and great,
three-dimensional characters. I found myself seeing parallels between
this movie and another current popular comic book adaptation, AMC's
"The Walking Dead." Both seem to have expertly taken the best elements
from the comics, but then also changed or updated the source material
to enhance it and surprise longtime fans. And there's a great
continuity with the preceding films in terms of characters, themes,
motif and story.The dialogue was wonderful; this is a quotable movie. And the basic
story is perfect, especially in the way this film was challenged to
follow up the amazing "Dark Knight." They made some wise choices.
Instead of trying to match Heath Ledger's performance as The Joker,
Nolan simply presents us with a new kind of "Bat-villain"  Bane, a
supremely logical and ordered personality whose background seems very
similar to Bruce Wayne's. I was a Batman comic book fan in the early
1990's, when Bane was created. He remains one of my all-time favorite
villains, along with Randall Flagg, Two-Face, (Matt Wagner's) Grendel,
and Hannibal Lecter. Nolan seized the compelling original character
(created, I believe, by writer Chuck Dixon), and truly capitalized on
it.So too, did Nolan capitalize on the great character of Selina Kyle as
Catwoman (again best characterized in the original comic by Dixon). She
was wonderfully played by a runaway performance by Anne Hathaway, and
she really does deserve her own movie.The acting was wonderful all around (even though Tom Hardy doubtlessly
was challenged as an actor by a mask that obscured his face). Hathaway,
was a terrific surprise, and Gary Oldman and Michael Caine were awesome
as always. Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Marion Cotillard did just great in
their supporting roles, especially with some character aspects and
choices that viewers might not have expected. I've criticized Christian
Bale's acting in the past  but here I thought he was at his best in
the trilogy.By the end of the movie, the two quibbles I had were extremely minor.
One, we see various supporting characters use high-tech military
vehicles that would seem to require at least some training. (You and I
cannot simply hop into a tank and know how to use it.)Two, by the end of the movie, Bane is not quite the iconic character I
remember from the comics. He seemed upstaged by certain other
characters. But I'm a nerd, and Bane is a favorite, so  really?
There's probably no pleasing me, anyway.Seriously, though, THANK YOU CHRISTOPHER NOLAN.http://ericrobertnolan.wordpress.com/
			
The best of the three? Quite possibly.So, where to begin? Chris Nolan has turned Batman into the definitive
super hero franchise, after the nonsense that was Batman & Robin nearly
ruined it forever.The story is simple. It is set 8 years after the events of The Dark
Knight, and Bruce Wayne is in semi-retirement as Batman, following the
death of Rachael, and also taking the blame for Harvey Dent's death.Meanwhile a terrorist, simply known as 'Bane' is on the rise after
causing chaos. The plot is complex, and takes place over a long period
of time. The filmmakers clearly have trust in the audience to keep up
with its hectic pace, and despite being the longest Batman film to
date, never lets down. Selina Kyle (Catwoman to some) is thrown into
the mix at first as an antagonist and betrays Batman/Bruce leaving him
to be 'broken' by Bane and his mercanaries. But the moral of the story
is learning to pick yourself up (remnants from Batman Begins) and both
Bruce/Batman and Selina learn to do this.The cast, as per the other 2 in the series is amazing. Tom Hardy as
Bane is a revelation, and you kind of forget/don't realise it is him.
Michael Caine, Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman return and newcomers
Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Marion Cotillard both bring a 'twist' to
proceedings. The music is epic, as is the scale of the film, this time
shot mostly in Pittsburgh and New York, compared to Chicago for the
other 2. It is an amazing piece of filmmaking and the ending will
certainly divide people, but I loved it, and hope you do too.
			
The reason why this movie is my favorite of all time is the ending. I
loved how it showed the ultimate sacrifice from a man. He cared so much
about this city he would give everything. As Batman states to Selina
Kyle "not everything, not yet". He gave them everything in the end. As
always the movie was supported by great and emotional performances by
Freeman and Caine. The major standouts were Anne Hathaway, Tom Hardy,
and Marion Cotillard. The few twists along the way will please comic
book fans like myself. When I walked out of the midnight release I had
goose bumps up and down my body. I couldn't think of a better way to
end the perfect trilogy. As this Nolan universe is ending I don't know
how any director is going to step into the batman franchise and top
what was done in these 3 movies. Everywhere from Hans Zimmer's score to
the iconic performances from Bale,Oldman,Neeson,Ledger,Hardy, Hathaway,
Caine and Freeman these movies will forever be my heart as the greatest
trilogy of all time. I'm so grateful that I grew up when I did. Sad to
see it go, but these movies are timeless and will always be in my play
list. Thank you Nolan, Bale, and Zimmer for simply creating my favorite
movies of all time.
			
The Dark Knight Rises was the pivotal success of Batman if you consider
that Batman Begins had too much exposition and Dark Knight was so
focused on the Joker and his omnipotent brand of evil, that it made for
more of a horror story than an event film. The Dark Knight Rises really
was the optimal blend of ingredients that one would come to expect in a
Nolan film. Like Inception and Prestige, it was an epic story with
twists that unraveled satisfyingly. More importantly, the film really
was about Batman which is a hard chore considering he is usually always
upstaged by more interesting and colorful visions in pretty much every
auteur's vision of Gotham city.The story lines are and expertly juggled and the production quality is
top notch. It's also fair to say that the emotional content of a Batman
film has never resonated so well with me and I even found it more
realistic (and slightly amusing) that the facade of Batman wasn't kept
sacred and pretty much every character just said "screw it, he's Bruce
Wayne."
			
This movie cannot be summed down into complete words. It is a
phenomenal movie and there is no doubt that everyone should see it. The
suspense and thrill that envelopes every inch of this masterpiece is
beautiful. The actors and actresses used in this film fit perfectly
with their roles. Ever watch a movie you have been waiting to see for
so long and one of the actors is not to your liking;well i can
guarantee the cast is amazing. Not only is the cast amazing but the
plot of the film is fantastic and always keeps the viewer on their
toes, waiting for more. Of course this genre of film isn't everyones
choice but i would suggest no matter what, that you watch it. This epic
ending to an incredible movie trilogy by Christopher Nolan is even
better than I hoped. It keeps the viewers awake and not yawning 5
minutes in. There is action and some sort of conflict every so often to
give you that jolt of excitement, but not overdoing it so that there is
no specific climax, because films with many climax's are usually TOO
much. Christopher Nolan's films are never a let down. Not to mention
Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard the composers of an unspeakable
soundtrack. The music is exceptional and hard to miss because of its
pure beauty. Bane the biggest threat is also looked at in a different
approach than many villains because he has a past, and one that is not
lightly forgotten, that lead to his actions. This movie makes you think
one thing, but then something else happens.The Dark Knight Rises is a
MUST SEE, but don't just take my advise on how good it is...GO watch
it..it will be worth your while
			
9.5/10As to be expected with a film following from the Dark Knight, there has
been a great deal of Hype as well as Counter-Hype surrounding this
film. I went out of my way to avoid any reviews or internet commentary
on this film before viewing it and I thank the stars that I did. On my first viewing I was left with a sense of having watched something
remarkable, though not without its problems. The story, much like how
I'd experienced The Dark Knight, felt somewhat disjointed and didn't
flow as well in some areas. The defining feature of this film however is its emotional core, which
would have no resonance if it wasn't for the superb performances given
by each member of the cast. While some are given much less screen time
than others, they all deliver very poignant moments that capture the
characters dilemmas brilliantly; Michael Caine is fantastic as Alfred, conveying his devastation at what
he sees as Bruce's failure to move on and live and his fear that Bruce
deep down wishes to fail. Gary Coleman's Commissioner Gordon is convincing as a man torn apart by
shame despite all his efforts to keep Gotham safe from criminals,
creating some great scenes with John Blake played by Gordon-Levitt
who's idealism reflects the same that Gordon once had.Anne Hathaway's interpretation of Kyle/Catwoman has certainly silenced
a lot of detractors and for good reason - as soon as her first scene
appears we see the facial expression a timid, terrified Kyle (a
definite nod to Pfiefer's scene with Walken in Returns) only for her to
slyly transform into the mischievous and determined character we all
know and love. Many scenes like these capture perfectly Kyle's cat-like
unpredictably and it fits so well in the reality that Nolan has
created.Tom Hardy as Bane is without a doubt one of the most ominous and
menacing villains I have witnessed on screen. What is most interesting
is how his character is at once true to the story that defined him as a
great arch-nemesis while so much of his personality and his history is
reinterpreted that he appears fresh and new. Fans of the comic I
alluded to will be very interested to see a particular plot-point in
this film, which both the action and dialogue make for one brutal and
spine- chilling scene.Christian Bale has done what no single Batman before him has ever done
- Bring Bruce Wayne full circle. As incredible as Keaton's Batman was
in the Burton films, his Bruce Wayne owed much to having us not know
much about him, leaving us intrigued and at a distance from the
character. From Begins onwards through to Dark Knight Rises (especially
the last) we see; the trials, the falls, the anguish, the loneliness,
the pain, the torment. We see it all due simply to the range of Bale's
acting , we feel fully connected to Bruce, emotionally engaged as we
see him rise to defend Gotham one final time.I think a more detailed review is in order as there is so much more to
comment on but I will try to keep it short:Dark Knight Rises is an epic film, while it may not have fulfilled
every possible expectation I hoped after waiting so long, it provided
so much weight to the themes it covered in the past films, dared to
take our hero down some of the more personal and desperate avenues,
produces a powerful story of overcoming not just evil but also yourself
and has done something I thought would be impossible for any comic book
film and what I had always hoped for in a batman film for over 17 years
- Bring the story of The Batman/Bruce Wayne to a satisfying conclusion.
			
If you thought Avengers and Spidey would overshadow the caped crusader
or that the film is too ambitious to try to top its predecessor you're
bitterly wrong. Nolan has done what other filmmakers would say as
impossible.The story begins eight years after 'The Dark Knight'.The batman is in
self-imposed exile in his gloomy Wayne manor.The films begins slowly
but later catches pace.And here comes the main antagonist bane with an
aerial stunt worth many OMG. The film continues with the Catwoman
surfacing and also the mysterious(but gorgeous)Miranda Tate coming to
challenge Wayne Enterprise. The film is the most intense of the
trilogy. The film ends in a spectacular with many Nolanistic twists.
Bane's voice might be difficult to understand at first but you get used
to it. Note that this is only the second superhero trilogy ever made(the first
one being Spiderman)but it is the only one to end properly providing
satisfaction to everyone, unlike Spiderman. The knight rises, the
legend ends but the legacy continues. Go for it.
			
This is among the best movies ever made with a extremely well thought
out plot and great acting. Many people dislike this movie because of
how much Bruce Wayne is in the movie as opposed to batman but if this
movie was 3 hours of pure batman it wouldn't distinguish itself from
any other action or hero movie of this age; all explosions. Other
reasons people dislike is that it strays from the comics but
personally, I don't really care. If you have not seen this movie yet I
highly recommend picking a copy up its well worth it. This movie ended
the series with a bang and personally I think it was better than both
batman begins and the dark knight. Also as a side note just in case you
didn't want to see this movie for the batman aspect, Anne Hathaway in a
cat woman suit should be enough alone to watch the movie
			
With by far the most difficult task ever given in comic book films
(being a worthy successor to The Dark Knight, killing the Comic trilogy
curse plagued by far inferior fare such as Sam Raimi's atrocious
Spider-Man 3 and Brett Ratner's lazy, laughable X3 affair), Nolan
manages to accomplish both of these tasks with intelligent character
writing, witty style and heart pounding, adrenaline pumping action that
rivals any action blockbuster ever made.The film simply drips with charisma, with every cast member delivering
an exceptional performance. Anne Hathaway redefines the Catwoman
character, creating the greatest incarnation to ever hit the big
screen, splicing the tough exterior of action heroines from the 80's
and 90's with the of classic sophistication of big screen icons such as
Audrey Hepburn and Gloria Swanson.Tom Hardy's Bane provides the film with cinemas most intimidating big
screen antagonist since Heath Ledger's Joker, a criminal mastermind
that is both intelligent, cunning and physically powerful. It is not
difficult to see why his character has endured in pop culture
significantly more than forgettable villains from other properties
(Lena Headey's Ma-Ma and Tom Hiddleston's Loki).But the true journey lies with our protagonist, Bruce Wayne, played
with astonishing soulfulness by Christian Bale, who's journey from
broken man to shining beacon once again for the city of Gotham (which
feels like a character more than any other Metropolis in film) is
filled with tension, despair, hope and a real solid sense of pathos.With the always excellent Michael Caine, Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman
rounding out the Oscar calibre cast, The Dark Knight Rises provides
many heart felt moments and surprises guaranteed to keep you on the
edge of your seat trying to what comes next.
			
I never thought id see a movie surpass The Dark Knight in excellence.
Let me just say that The Dark Knight was perfect. But i felt The Dark
Knight Rises was beyond perfect. Let me start off by saying that the
performances were amazing. Christian Bale was better than before. Anne
Hathaway turned herself into Catwoman in fact i thought she was tied
with Heath Ledger (r.i.p.) as The Joker. Tom Hardy was amazing as Bane
(but his voice could've been deeper), i could hear him fine. And of
course the rest were amazing in their roles. The fight scenes were
epic. Especially the first Bane vs Batman fight and when Catwoman is
shown Bat-pod and there on (my favorite minutes of cinema). The
(spoilers) Talia Al Ghul twist didn't surprise but i did like it.
Neither did the (spoilers) Blake first name being Robin (though Robin
was never the name of him in comics) But i also just loved the 'Burning
Rachels note' scene it was heartbreaking and heartwarming. And it was
the right way to end this trilogy.This will hopefully get Best picture
and Best Actress and whatever else they will hopefully nominate this
in. This trilogy literally contains my 3 favorite movies each one got
better and better.Thank You Christopher Nolan for creating the best movie trilogy ever,
The Dark Knight Trilogy.
			
Just Watch Dark Knight Rises!! and its 4:42 in the morning and i am
writing this review!. What a great movie best of batman series and also
best of Christan Bale's career. First time writing review because this
movie enforce me to appreciate its awesomeness..Anne Hathaway is also at its best. Once again Liam Neeson Ra's Al Gul
role motivates another psycho to ruin this city. Mr Bruce Wyne rocks!!!
Its sad that Christian bale is now out of this series but what an exit
he has. Hope Robin will keep up the reputation of this movieCheer!!!!Batman fan Forever.
			
Christopher Nolan did it again. He bless us with yet another incredibly
awesome movie. The Dark Knight Rises easily adds itself to the list of
best movies of all-time. Just when you thought that The Dark Knight was
so good, he could he top it off? Yet he did it. I'd have to salute the
man. Honestly, I was never really a bit fan of the Batman, both cartoon
and movies. And I don't even read the comics at all. Not that I don't
like comics, it's just that from where I come, we don't have access to
US comics. But oh well, I started watching simply because of
Christopher Nolan. A fan or not, I knew he'd work his magic and make
Batman awesome, which of course he did.Anyway, on with The Dark Knight Rises. I won't go so far to say it's
better than The Dark Knight. It's amazing in different way. The
highlight of The Dark Knight was the villain-the Joker. However, in The
Dark Knight Rises was everybody and on top of that there is a better
story line. In Batmin Begins, Batman is awesome! in Dark Knight, Joker
is awesome! However in Dark Knight Rises everybody is is awesome! well
with the exception of Marinda. I would like to especially high light
Cat Woman because before the film released I read a number of article
about people being skeptical over Anne Hatheway's suitability for the
role as Cat Woman. I think she has just proved them all wrong. I think
she did a superb job as Cat Woman. After watching the show, I couldn't
think of anybody else who's more suited for the role.All in all, I think the Batman trilogy are all incredibly amazing, I
don't rate anyone higher than the other because to m, these 3 combined
is simply 1 big extended movie divided into 3 parts each having
different theme and highlighting different things. So you gotta watch
them all, be amazed and become a fan!
			
This is my first review for any film so please excuse my skills as a
first time reviewer. First of all let me say something that nobody in the reviews has seemed
to speak of. This film should not be compared with the two previous
Batmans. This film is a superhero movie without a superhero. Completely
different from the first two installments, Nolan has created the
perfect ending to the Dark Knight series. Nolan himself said he wants
to blow the Batman film up scale wise. Did he achieve this ? Yes. Did he shoot more action ? Yes. Did he make
more drama ? Yes. Was Batman pushed psychically and mentally to the
edge ? Yes. Did the trilogy go out with a bang ? HELL YES ! Was I on
the edge of my seat ? YES ! People on here don't seem to understand that they should not compare
this film with Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. Nolan wanted
something completely different, and he achieved it. And might I say he
did it perfectly ! The cast is outstanding as always.Anne Hathaway is amazingly strange. Christian Bale brings his "A-game".
Tom Hardy was probably the most intimidating villain to hit the screen.
Some people just want to watch the world burn, Bane has come to pull
the pin. And as for all the others were just nothing short of
professional ! The action, the drama, the story, the acting, the
script, the directing, the cinematography, everything was all top
notch. My only complaint is that Batman isn't seen as much, but like I
said its a superhero movie without a superhero. I'm sad to see it end.If I ever saw Christopher Nolan I would walk up to him and say "I never
said thank you..." and I know what he would turn around and say... But
on a more serious note... Thank you Mr. Nolan for saving the franchise
!10/10
			
The Dark Knight Rises is Nolan's new masterpiece, a movie captures
perfection in the acting, in the story, in the special effects, in the
direction and in the soundtrack. I think The Dark Knight Rises is the
best movie of the amazing trilogy (yes, I've seen The Dark Knight),
why? Well, let's start with the acting:Christopher Nolan brought a handful of amazing actors, some of them who
star in his previous movie Inception. The people here are Joseph
Gordon-Levitt, who had a fantastic performance, Marion Cottillard, Anne
Hathaway, giving live to hard-personality Catwoman very well and Tom
Hardy, playing the intense character Bane perfectly, dominating it
physically and psychologically. Christian Bale is once again amazing
with his Batman, Gary Oldman keeps acting well, Mr. Freeman also keeps
being solid and Master Caine is still one of my favorite characters,
playing one of the best characters of all time, a character with a big
heart and personality, because of Caine.The plot is amazing, in this series, the first movie is meant to be the
BEGINS, then the FALLS and The Dark Knight Rises was meant to be the
RISES, so it had to be epic, but it wasn't, it was beyond epic, it had
a genially written story with a third act full of surprises and other
feelings... because of Nolan, don't have a doubt.And at last but not least, let's not forget Zimmer's terrific composing
of multiple themes that accompanies the movies all along. Bottom line,
The Dark Knight Rises is a masterpiece, it's once of my favorites and
in a feedback of movies of this year so far, this one is 2nd best
movie. Watch it!
			
OK, before I review this movie, I want to do a quick recap of Batman.
The first Batman with Michael Keaton was a phenomenal movie that
defined Burton's career. Batman Returns was an OK sequel despite having
a dark setting. Batman Forever was a somewhat inferior addition to
Batman, (That one I was on the fence between loving it or hating it),
Batman and Robin was HORRIBLE. Suddenly, Nolan comes along and makes
Batman Begins, The Dark Knight and this one. Somehow they all topped
the other Batman films. This one was no exception. This has got to be
the most greatest conclusion of the Nolan Batman trilogy. The story was
great, the characters were good, and everything was just on par with
the best formula for a Great Movie! Christian Bale still defined his
role as Gotham's hero and billionaire n resident. Tom Hardy played Bane
really well, although the voice just seemed a little out of tone and
out of place. Anne Hathaway did a great job playing Catwoman, even
though I felt she was an odd addition but hey, she's a great actress.
Anyway, this was just a remarkable movie and possibly the best movie of
2012 so far!!! I felt wowed, I cheered a little and I almost came to
tears because it was just so damn good. Nolan brought my favorite DC
Hero to life in the 3 movies that were made. He deserves to be
considered a Hollywood Icon. This movie gets my overall score of 10!
			
Doubt is easy to come by, especially for someone who has an eye for
whatever it is that they begin to doubt. As anticipated as "The Dark
Knight Rises" was, I had a bit of doubt in my heart toward the ending
of this trilogy. How is Nolan going to top the extraordinary story of
"The Dark Knight" and Ledger's stellar performance? Once I found out
that Hathaway received the part for the role of Catwomen, I began to
doubt more. Trusting in Nolan, I kept my hopes high. Leave it to Nolan
to end a trilogy so perfectly, it brought tears to my eyes. "The Dark
Knight Rises" has everything and everything that could have went wrong,
didn't. A bit slow in the beginning however, the story was solid as
Bane himself. Every sentence of dialogue pushed the story further,
which is why I felt that the film moved so fluently. An end of an era
for both Batman and Bale and it showed. Bale ended his reign as Batman
with a remarkable performance, Anne Hathaway made me eat my words and
fell perfectly into her role and Levitt is everything every sidekick
wants to be, loyal. Along with the casting, Nolan continued to make
superb decisions with only filming in IMAX and not 3D. The film
completely engulfs it's viewers in IMAX, so stunning and much more
enjoyable without the 3D glasses. The ending, I felt, was perfect. All
Nolan wanted to do was tell the story about Batman, how he began and
how his one-man show ended. With that in mind, the ending was
beautiful. What a way to leave audiences craving more. Who knows, Nolan
is smart, maybe he set himself up for a comeback later on. All I know
is that whoever else decides to take on Batman, you have a lot to live
up to.
			
i tried keep on rating it 10 /10 around 3 times.... a perfect shaped
film from nolans'. what a writer & director.... he breaks his own
record by his successive movies.... to the film.. film starts with
expectation of when will batman come ?.. the incidents clearly sorted
out the answer of right time to arise... neatly scripted story... " A
Hollywood MOVIE WITH GUD STORY LINE AFTER YEARS ". And BALE, he really
has his BATtle of WAR.... the background score by ZIMMER blends to the
movie... if it beats fast , heart threatens... if it slows, heart
melts.. Hathaway takes her credit of being CAT woman... oh FOX, freeman
.. have yo born only to act in this world? spell bound.. The main pros no mess up and mix up story that kindles our cerebrum to work fast and
makes it tired... a perfect screenplay which takes us with the film . while batman flies
, we too either do... no fuzzy logics.... crispy dialogs...catchy cameras...impressive B/G scoresCons only ppl who miss it theaters...
			
TDKR has exceeded my expectations. It was not just the best directed
superhero movie of all times. It is the best movie entertainment I ever
experienced in a theater. Wow, Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy is a true artistic masterpiece
and will remain unmatched in movie history for a long, long time like
the Godfather trilogy was before. Like a Mona Lisa painting each of the
episodes has many layers allowing the viewer to take different
standpoints allowing him/her to feel emotionally connected to the
different stories and themes of the characters in the movies. This
emotional connection often samplifies a great movie like Avatar,
Titanic, Last of the Mohicans, the Godfather trilogy, E.T. and Star
Wars Episodes 4, 5 and 6. Epic movies that have reshaped our visions on
real life and our definitions of good quality movies that are great to
watch. Initially , I was worried that a 3-hour superhero movie without such a
phenomenal movie personality like Heath Ledger could become a
disappointment. I would say that Heath Ledger's superb performance as
The Joker in TDK will still remain unmatched in all types of movies for
a long, long time. It was therefore a great surprise to experience TDKR
as a greater movie entertainment experience with a similarly good
storyline than TDK.
			
I won't review Nolan's Masterpiece i just have to write about the
question that a lot of my friends are having about the film. Why isn't
Bane like the Joker? A lot of people feel that Bane wasn't at the standard of The Joker but
it wasn't supposed to be. The Clown Prince of Crime will always be
Batman's greatest adversary, because he is in fact Batman's nemesis.
TDK was built around The Joker, an agent of Caos, and truly it is the
greatest villain performance based on a comic book villain. But Bane is an imposing character/villain and performance. First off
Nolan does a great job at taking Bane's most menacing weapon and most
powerful muscle, his Brain. Secondly he makes him a real threat (and
not an impossible character like Mr Freeze). He is the incarnation of
evil whereas the Joker was the incarnation of chaos. I guess people should stop arguing which one is better, and just be
thankful that Batman had not one but two outstanding villains. But TDKR
isn't built around Bane, not even Batman, it is Built around Bruce
Wayne and his journey and the idea that Batman will always be more than
a man, a symbol. Sorry for the long post (and the bad writing English isn't my native
language)
			
(SPOILERS) this has to be one of the best movies i have seen, and my
favorite of the trilogy. So i went into the theater with low expectations, and praying it wasn't
gonna be some horrible story line filled up by action scenes. And man,
i was surprised. the first hour dragged on a bit, but after that i just
fell in love with it. The story did have a few plot holes, but as a
movie lover , i was use to that. The ending had me in tears of sadness
and joy,and I'm not even kidding.i was blown away on how well of a
batman story could be.Not only was the story good, the acting was terrific. Christian bale
was perfect at transforming into the character. And i couldn't even
tell Anne Hathaway was cat woman. Christopher Nolan has made a perfect end to a perfect trilogy.
			
A truly epic film from start to finish. Bravo to the Nolan brothers,
they have done it again! The story line has enough twists and turns for
most, super performances from the cast, even young lady Hathaway. The
film is not perfect however, there are some liberties taken with
bat-lore which will annoy the hardcore fans no end, the score is
perhaps a bit too jarring in places, and Bruce Wayne's back being fixed
by a rope and a hard forearm? These are minor quibbles though, as bale,
hardy, Caine,oldman, Gordon Levitt and tge aforementioned Hathaway are
in top form, as of course is Christopher Nolan, this all topped off
with a stunning climax, that left me feeling satisfied rather than
gutted there will be no more installments
			
What amazes me is how people who saw the film still go on about this
being the end. It was the end of the dark knight, not batman. Indeed
this is where he is now free to be batman. The entire ending set this
up.Or you could think that he risked life and limb to save the city but
next time she is in danger so great he will be sipping wine in Europe
while someone else gets on with the job. No chance. I saw the movie four times in the first week. It truly is amazing. I have read some ridiculous reviews paying it out. One guy was ranting
on that it failed because auto pilot is a real thing, yep you heard
right. As if the movie ever suggested it wasn't. There was only a fault
that needed fixing as fox had not found the time to get to it. Ain't it cool went on a massive rant. Truth is if you ever see a movie
and it has a positive review from ain't it cool you know the movie is
going to suck. So anything they have to say holds zero water. Truth is that Nolan is an intelligent writer. He makes films that are
both visually spectacular and deep on content. The Dark Knight and The
Dark Knight Rises being the best of his brilliant work. And i loved Anne Hathaway. She came across as confident, smart, sexy
and competent and yet you also saw here vulnerability. She saved Bruce
Wayne and Batman on several levels and vice versa. I cringed watching Batman and Bane fight it was that good. And on top of telling such an amazing story Nolan gives the Occupy
movement a good hard kick between the legs. Exactly where it deserves. Hats off To Nolan and all involved in making this one of the greatest
movies ever made.
			
I signed up for IMDb just to make this review. The batman movies have
gotten better progressively, and The Dark Knight Rises doesn't fail to
please me. It's literally one of the best movies I have ever seen. It
is the first batman movie that has made me cry. The movie will pull you
in emotionally and take you for a ride. Forget what you knew about the
two other new batman movies, this one is powerful. I don't like giving perfect scores for things, but this movie deserves
it. Even Braveheart would have scored a 9 in my book, and Braveheart is
hard to beat. Action, romance, drama, cinematography, intelligence,
suspense. When Catwoman kissed Batman the final time, you could feel
it. She's a beautiful woman, but her acting is hard to beat. She
latched onto him like it was all real. That's not really a spoiler, as
it's not important to the plot at all. I could draw many comparisons to V for Vendetta as well for the plot.
But this movie had more punch. I don't buy movies... ever, but when The Dark Knight Rises comes out to
blu ray, i'm buying it, maybe i'll buy it for everyone I know.
			
Batman was always and will always be my favorite superhero, because
he's not really super at all. There's no radioactive spider bite, no
alien powers....he's just a guy who does his best to help those who
cannot always help themselves. Sure, he's got all sorts of gadgets and
gizmos to aid him on his journey, but the only real protection he has
against the evils he encounters is an altruistic soul. He is willing to
be whomever and whatever the people of his beloved city need him to be.
Hero or villain, he knows only what's right and what's just....and
that's what he clings to. I will forever cherish Christopher Nolan,
David S. Goyer, Jonathan Nolan, Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary
Oldman, Morgan Freeman, and everyone else involved for giving me the
Batman that I have always imagined, the Batman that I love. The Dark
Knight Trilogy will forever be Nolan's Opus, and "The Dark Knight
Rises" is more than just the final chapter, it's a love letter to the
fans.
			
After watching this movie 5 times now,I really cant find anything I
don't like about it. I'm not a Bale/Nolan/batman"Fanboy". this is solid
pure entertainment,the reviews on IMDb such as ridiculous 1/10 etc are
a joke and an insult to any director or any genuine review site like
IMDb and the Hacks that write these scathing reviews with their over
egotistical "I'm the best I found mistakes" mentality will never be
taken seriously as the contrived reviews they write to smugly satisfy
themselves aren't worth a single minute of any movie lovers time,You
have to consider the amazing set pieces,the presence of Hardy(whose
voice is as easily understandable as anyone's,so don't listen to the
hacks)as bane is a genius touch,all the actors are on song,the movie
has a plot that is a tad overdone,but whys that bad?? the ending is
satisfying,the score is immense,the introduction of certain characters
got the whole cinema saying "aahhhhhhhhh".now lets consider an awful movie,like "ring of darkness" this is an
awful one but... still rates at 2.7 on IMDb,so ignore the idiots who
just want to stir it up and try to be clever, this movie is
a,fantastic,spectacular,never boring,adrenaline pumping,end?to the
trilogy and you will enjoy every single minute,have fun.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is the final movie in the Christopher Nolan's
Dark Knight trilogy and isn't just a superhero movie, it is a true
epic! The Dark Knight Rises takes place 8 years after the events of The
Dark Knight. And even though it has been 8 years, we still see that the
cover-up of Harvey Dent is still taking its toll on the characters
which is something great to see. They haven't left The Dark Knight in
the dust and forgotten about it, it is still a big part of this movie.
And that is what a concluding chapter should do, it should feed off of
the previous movies and Christopher Nolan has done that brilliantly.
Batman has been out of action for these 8 years but with the rise of
Bane he must come out of seclusion and fight to save Gotham. But its
not as simple as that, Bruce Wayne can't just put on the suit and be
back ready to kick ass. No, it's been 8 years and Batman is coming up
against his most physical enemy in the trilogy.Christian Bale: Batman/ Bruce WayneChristian Bale really plays three roles in this movie, Batman, the
hermit version of Bruce Wayne and the playboy millionaire version of
Bruce Wayne and he does all three amazingly. His ability to play such a
diverse role in the movie is a real attribute to his ability as an
actor and something which must be applauded Tom Hardy as Bane:Tom Hardy portrays perhaps Gotham and Batman's greatest threat. He is
physically superior to Batman and someone which would have been
difficult for Batman to face at his prime. Bane is menacing and in my
opinion, has the most badass villain voice. It is so menacing and a
little scary even though it was a little hard to hear initially. A
reason for Bane's menacing appearance in the movie is the way he was
designed in terms of costume. In the comics and other Batman movies
(namely Batman and Robin) Bane is depicted as a faceless brute and
nothing more. However in The Dark Knight Rises we see he has direction
and intelligence. The direction Nolan has taken Bane is something to
marvel. His costume in the film is rather different from those in the
comics in that we see his eyes. This is key in my opinion as it allows
the audience to see so much more emotion, and emotion is key to any
character Anne Hathaway as Catwoman:HA! A Catwoman which is actually amazing! That's right, Anne Hathaway
portrays a cunning, skillful, manipulative, sneaky, badass, sexy
catwoman. Nuff said The Rest:Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays an up an coming cop and going into the movie
I wasn't sure how they were going to effectively integrate him into the
story and movie as a whole but Nolan did it and he is a truly valued
characterGary Oldman returns as commissioner Gordon and is the character who
feels the stresses of the Harvey Dent cover-up the hardest and Oldman's
portrayal of Gordon is again worldclass I would make a comment on
Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox and Michael Caine as Alfred but there
isn't the need. If either one of them ever gave a bad performance I
think the world would explode.The Story: The story itself is a masterpiece. This is the first superhero movie
I've ever watched where I forget that i'm watching a superhero movie.
You are totally immersed into this world and are fully invested in the
story from the get go. Perhaps the the hallmark of the story is the
fact that it plays on your emotions. You are so heavily invested in the
story and so emotionally attached to everything and this is something
truly special. This movie is fast when it comes to pace. I mean really fast, and fast
for the entire 2 hours and 45 minutes. Nolan doesn't let you take a
break between scenes oh no and this is exhilarating. In my opinion, I
think the movie could have been longer. Without giving anything away,
there are some aspects of the film which I would have loved to be
expanded on.The Trilogy:Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy is now one of the world's
greatest trilogies. Along with The Godfather, The Lord of the Rings and
the Star Wars trilogies this one will stand the test of time and be
forever great. When it comes to choosing a favourite from the trilogy,
well that is totally personal preference. The three films are so very
different from each other that I can understand someone saying any one
of the three is their favourite and the fact that this is possible is
something which is truly special and owes tribute to Nolan Overall, The
Dark Knight Rises is an incredible film. It isn't often that we get the
third installment in a trilogy being as good if not better as the
others. In my opinion, it is the best. The first two are now to me just
great superhero movies. This, The Dark Knight Rises is an epic and
something which I'll never forget.
			
i would like to say only few words for those rating this movie 1 star1) i am a Croatian and i understand ed every word that Bane said with
no problem,so if you're an American and didn't understand him i think
you must have a hearing problem.2)rating a movie of this quality with 1 star is just idiotic 3)Bane is by far the best movie villain so far,and young Tom Hardy has
got a bright future in front of him 4)all you complaining about no venom in banes mask,and saying that the
dark knight was epic you might read the comics again cause the dark
knight has as many mistakes like that,which weren't mistakes as was a
try to make the movie more realistic,i personally like it that way.then
you should cry that bane doesn't wear that idiotic suit from comics
would you really like to see that suit on film i mean really????? and 1 extra don't trash talk on Nolan,he is one of few good movie
makers we got left
			
This was long awaited. but it was well worth it. it was awesome. i was
a bit unsure about Anne Hathaway as catwoman(Selina) but was very
surprised with what i saw it was great.The story was great,the effects
were just fantastic.Again Christian Bale still got it, great as
normal.But for me the person that stole the show was Tom Hardy he
didn't have a lot to say throughout, his presence was just wow so happy
he got the part such a great actor and showed it in this movie.
Although it was a long film i enjoyed every second of it. I also took
my partner with me and she wasn't impressed when i told her how long it
was but she also enjoyed it as much as i did. All i can say now is it
was a great end to a great all round trilogy.
			
I don't have words to describe this film but it was spectacular.
asdfghjkl no words to describe it ! ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. THE GIRLS....
THEY WERE HOT. The acting powerful, the script amazing, it was
spectacular. Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Marion
Cotillard, Morgan Freeman and everyone on the cast made this Tom Hardy
did a amazing job by bringing a extraordinary villain to this last
Batman film and Anne Hathaway did a great job also was the catwoman.
Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Marion Cotillard,
Morgan Freeman and everyone on the cast made this film the Best Movie
of the Year that I expect it to receive a Oscar. Christian Bale give us
the best batman version of all time so thanks for that. And thanks
Christopher Nolan for this amazing trilogy that we can't simply forget
it. 100000000000000000000000/10
			
brilliant movie... nolan has left no stone unturned to bring out a
feast rather i'd say a gift for the society with a stunning and an
entertaining movie... i must say i really thought it would be hard for
the movie to beat dark knight and the legendary performance of heath
ledger... but the movie came very close in doing so...though a 3 hour
movie, not a single scene that comes in the movie makes you feel as if
it was exaggerating or dragging the story. the casting was top notch
and i guess that took care of the manner in which each fictional
character was brought to life.spectacular acting by Christian bale,anna
hathaway,tom hardy,morgan freeman, gordon lewitt, gary oldman and of
course the great Micheal caine. i absolutely loved this movie, though i
must say my favourite movie till date remains the dark knight and the
dark knight rises comes next to it. DO NOT MISS IT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
you want to know whats bad in this movie ? it is nothing but the
horrible depression you'll feel that the trilogy has ended and you'll
never see the same team work together in the BATMAN project ever again.
it has been a spectacular trilogy , probably the one that will be the
star trek of my generation to say the least. hats off to Mr.Christopher
Nolan. thank you sir .
			
The dark knight rises was such a great story and some reviews have said
how slow it starts but i believe that just lets the build up so much
better and there's been a lot of controversy about the ending but
personally i loved it, and i believe i should take time out to give my
condolences to the families of the people who were murdered in the
midnight premier in Colorado but back on subject Christian bales acting
was unbelievable and cat woman was a great asset to this movie some
trilogies are horrible because of one movie ruining it but this is one
of the greatest i have ever seen and just the way batman in this movie
handled himself was beautiful and bane oh my god, what a great villain
he literally scared me and i loved it so much about this movie I rate
it 10 out of ten and I would recommend it to anyone.
			
i think that people who says that this is a bad movie,they don't
understand the movie.it is the best movie of 2012.i suggest all that
they should watch this amazing film again. seriously with emotions. i
know that people are comparing the dark knight rises with dark knight
but both movies are great at their place heath ledger was the best
joker and tom hardy is the best bane and most importantly Christian
bale is the best batman and will be best batman forever. this film is
better than sky fall,the avengers and all superhero movies(except the
dark knight and and batman begins all 3 movies are great).the dark
knight trilogy is the best trilogy.
			
I Watched It Few Days Ago & I Still Analyzing , What I Saw In The
Theatre Was Extraordinary , Nolan Make an Opinion About Every Single
Thing In Life : Corruption , Politics , Love , Actually Love Is My
Favourite Topic Because It's Showed In 2 Different Ways , Good And Bad
.. The End Was Totally Great and Creative , Maybe It's Similar With
Inception , The Open Ending , So The Audience Figure It Out On Their
Own,But Still Great Scene With Impassioned Score From ST GOD Hans
Zimmer .. The Dark Knight Rises Is Best Sequel In The Movies History,
Indeed.. And I'll Be Very Sad That Such Inspiring Movie Series Is Over
, With All These Characters We Loved , And So Exciting Events That Make
You Can't Even Blink , Which We Missed In These Days Movies ..
			
The Dark Knight Rises is the 3rd and final installment in Nolan's
Batman film trilogy. Coming to the film, 3 words to describe it: IT WAS
AWESOME. I have never seen such an amazing superhero film. The ending
is perfect. Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman,
and Cillian Murphy reprise their roles as Bruce/Batman, Alfred, James
Gordon, Lucius Fox, Dr. Jonathan Crane and they did an amazing job in
the film. The film introduces two main characters to Nolan's series:
Selina Kyle/Catwoman (played by Anne Hathaway), a cat burglar; and Bane
(played by Tom Hardy), a masked-man mercenary. Selina Kyle/Catwoman was
just amazing. She acted very well. Her moves were awesome. Bane was a
good villain, but, he wasn't as awesome as The Joker. Everything from
the visual effects to the sound effects, the cast and crew, the
screenplay were perfect. There were some twists in the film which made
the film more better and a little bit mysterious... at the beginning of
the film you can't plan or know what is gonna happen because some
twists will completely surprise you! Hats-off to Christopher Nolan and
his decision about TDKR being the last film in the trilogy is
completely right. The last part completes the trilogy and there is no
need of more parts to complicate it. It is the second best superhero
film I have seen till now after The Avengers. TDKR is a must-watch. It
is worth to watch it in the cinema. You won't enjoy it if you download
it as much as you will in the cinema.Good bye Bruce/Batman, Selina/Catwoman, Commissioner Gordon, Lucius
Fox, The Joker, Bane, John Blake, and last but not the least, Alfred. I
WILL REALLY MISS YOU GUYS. Once again, HATS-OFF TO NOLAN! :D
			
The Dark Knight Rises is the fast paced, action packed third entry in
Christopher Nolan's batman series. This time around, Gotham is
threatened by a terrorist, named Bane who plans to destroy gotham and
all it's people fulfilling the destiny of ra's al ghul who tried to
destroy gotham in batman begins. It has awesome special effects, an a
class list of top notch actors and awesome battle scenes. Great
performances by Christian Bale and Anne Hathaway as Batman/Bruce Wayne
and Selina Kyle respectively. They have great chemistry. And hands off
to Tom Hardy as Bane. He pulled off that role so well. He played that
role with great believability and conviction. Tom Hardy's portrayal of
bane was so much better than the portrayal of bane in Batman and Robin.
The Dark Knight Rises is a fun roller-coaster ride of a superhero
movie.
			
I was waiting for friend at the mall because I had to be there early.
So I decided to watch this movie over Spiderman...It was the best movie ever. There were great soundtracks that gave you
the chills. The plot never stopped moistening, and it had you
constantly wondering what was going to happen next. Anne Hathaway plays
a catwoman role and does quite a sexy job at it. This movie may have
its fair share of interesting things that can be argued against, but
doesn't every movie? This movie will give you the chills and can even
make you cry. It's absolutely ground shaking and you will see some
loyalty you have never seen from a human. Which is a also a good life
lesson. It's a spectacular movie which contains a dash of romance,
plenty of action, thrills, and intelligence. I definitely suggest a
view on this. This was the only time I ever walked out of a movie
theater thinking my $8.75 was worth it.
			
Christopher Nolan's version of the Batman universe is truly one of the
most realistic and immersive versions I have seen. Whilst I'm not a
major Batman fan, Nolan's trilogy had me hooked from the beginning. The
films are mature and well-made, the characters are relatable and
believable, the villains can be genuinely terrifying and the plot flows
beautifully, never giving room for dull moments.'The Dark Knigh Rises' is, in particular, the best of the trilogy and
rightfully so, being the conclusion it certainly deserves to be called
a grand finale. The cast, as usual, were perfect for their roles, new
introductions such as Tom Hardy giving top performances and those from
previous films, such as Christian Bale obviously, kept the standards
high, if not raised them.The movie definitely has the greatest scale to it, the shear size of
the cast on screen at certain times shows how much effort and manpower
has gone into making the film the stunning experience that it is. The
movie takes elements from the previous films and combines them, raising
the stakes in every way it can. The plot itself is even more gripping,
the action more intense. For those that have seen the entire trilogy,
you are made to feel this world that Nolan successfully draws us into
over the course of the three films is in peril and you, as the viewer,
begin to feel for it as much as those in the movie itself.Once again, the plot is not as predictable as you might think,
containing plenty of twists. It isn't always simply spoon-fed to you as
with many hero-based films. I recommend watching the previous two films
before this to truly appreciate this epic conclusion, however, even if
you don't, the action-packed journey the movie takes you on should
still have you greatly satisfied by the end.This series stands out to me, from many other hero films, due to its
maturity, its scale and the effort put in that can clearly be seen in
all aspects, including the performances from the actors themselves. As
a movie, it delivers everything you could expect and more, so even if
you aren't a Batman fan, this film should appeal to you, providing you
can appreciate a well-made film when you see one.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is a spectacular show. The visuals are
extraordinary. The action sequences are dazzling, especially so since
Nolan uses very little CGI, relying instead on old-fashioned stunt
work. It will be hard to shake some of the images, whether it's the
stunning midair plane hijacking that opens the film, Batman tooling
through Gotham on his cool toys or Bane blowing up a stadium during an
NFL game. Bale gives his finest performance yet in the role. With these
three Batman films, he has brought to life the most fully-formed,
multi-faceted screen superhero yet. Hathaway's Catwoman is a magnetic
presence whenever she's on screen and she has great chemistry with
Bale. Director Christopher Nolan and his team have delivered the
grandest, most emotional and super heroic chapter in their Batman saga.
The Dark Knight Rises is a fitting emotional and narrative conclusion
to this particular interpretation of the enduring story of Bruce Wayne
the man and Batman the legend.
			
Just wanted to say that there are movies & then there is THE DARK
KNIGHT RISES. I do not have words to describe the amazing feeling that
i have had right from the start of this movie.....sorry not movie but
an epic.....Mr. Nolan..........HATS OF TO YOU.And yes i do agree....i do not see a 4th part to this series...but if
there should one come.....its going to be real interesting & totally
unexpected.OH AND YES GREAT WORK BY ONE AND ALL FROM THE CAST....SIR Christian
BALE.....!!!!!!!WOW!!!!!!!!LAST WORD FOR NOLAN AGAIN.....U HAVE MADE BATMAN IMMORTAL, A MORE REAL
& ACCEPTABLE HERO...AND I TRULY BELIEVE THE WORDS " ANYONE CAN BE
BATMAN"
			
So I just got home from TDKR full IMAX experience....WOW!! Best in the
series. The Story was Sensational and I LOVED that the League of
Shadows/Ras al ghul storyline were back in this. Bane was the best
villain of this series and Tom gave a Fantastic Performance just as
great as Heath. Joseph Gordon-Levitt was one of the best characters of
the whole series. I hope one day Chris Nolan will do a Robin film for
JGL. Anne as Selina Kyle was Incredible. Wow She was super hot and Anne
Is the best catwoman of all time. Marion (my queen) 'Talia' was so
Beautiful and Sinister. I got chills throughout the intense scenes. The
Ending was one of the best endings in films ever. Michael Cane as
Alfred tore my heart out :'( Everyone brought their A game and gave
their best performance of the 3 films. Hans Zimmer's Score was
Magnificent. THank You Chris Nolan for this Magnificent series & For
Having BANE in the final film :D
			
Well he has done it again, with the third instalment, and the last trek
for Bruce Wayne. Now, with a new enemy which Bruce must face, Bane. A
prisoner who protected a little girl amongst a hungry mob of inmates in
a foreign prison, is now the muscle behind a plot to destroy Gotham
city. From a long ago affair with a mercenary, Liam Neeson, who was
Bruce's Mentor of the league of shadows fell in love and had a little
girl who was of course birthed in this foreign prison. Freed by her own
sense of determination, escaped and became a powerful European magnate
for endless energy. But her own plans for energy was just a smoke
screen for a larger plan which was set in motion by bane. Together they
ruled Gotham, cutting off any means of rescue to twelve million
citizens from the outside world, because of a neutron bomb which is
used as ransom against the city. If anyone tries to escape it meant
certain death for all. But, for Bruce his path was just set by both
bane and batman clashing together with bane as the victor for now. Set
in the same prison as bane and Miranda where they were held, Bruce
undergoes a transformation of will hunting. Seeing for the first time
what it means to really sacrifice everything in the face of death.
Healed now, he goes back to Gotham to stop Miranda and bane from
killing everyone he has protected in his career. I think this is the
finest example of how a hero can for go the idea that not all hero's
must win. They have to lose once in awhile to face their worst fears.
And the scarecrow wasn't around, at least in disguise to let batman
know of this. Bruce lost it all, his fortune, his house, his legacy,
which to him, means nothing if he can just save one more person. But
what I do love is how a new hero is going to emerge soon enough,
probably under the tutelage of Bruce himself. With this in mind, I
think the public will get to see the new knight which is kept hidden in
the shadows as the most popular hero of all time. Whether batman is
young or old, fans all over the world will keep the bats ready to fly
when it hits the big screen. Excellent film, great music, and of
course, fantastic action to keep you riveted to your seats. Hats off to
Christopher Nolan. Quite possibly one of the finest directors Hollywood
has to offer.
			
the film is about 8 years after Harvey dents death and batman taking
the fall for Harveys crimes then a terrorist leader bane tries to
destroy the city and batman is back to protect it.everyone in it that
grant him as an enemy .oscar award winner Christin bale(the fighter
public enemy's) Morgan freeman(se7en the shaw shank redemption) Gray
old man and tom Hardy(inception warrior) are all in this film and there
all one of my most favorite actors. this film isn't just one of the
best movies of 2012 its one of the best movies in the world.the film
has a lot of amazing action scenes some new people in this batman
series this has great drama and story a must see to anyone who us to
the watch batman all the time and still like the movies go and see this
its brilliant and finally batman fights a terrorist rather than
criminals i give it a 10/10.this should be number 4 of the top 250
brilliant
			
I wasn't going to review this at all. A friend of mine reviewed it very
well lately and articulated a lot of my feelings about this movie, but
I've come across a few reviewers who absolutely slated it and I can't
let it rest. I don't mind people not liking it; two of my other friends
were not that impressed, and they have a good taste in movies. That's
OK. Movies are subjective...but that doesn't mean I think The Dark
Knight Rises deserves some of the hateful reviews I have been reading
lately. I guess this is more a defence than a review. Let me say first
off that most reviews have been very positive. Empire and Total Film
both gave it 5 stars, and most of the papers loved it, aside from the
Daily Mail, a publication that gave Katy Perry's recent 'movie' 4
stars. Yeah.  The Dark Knight Rises is being held to an impossibly
high standard that the first two never where. Ever since it came out in
2008 the first two films have been praised to the rafters, especially
the second one. The Dark Knight is held up as an example of
multi-layered sophistication, good writing, great acting (especially
from the late Heath Ledger) and realism. The general belief has
developed among film fans that Batman Begins and The Dark Knight were
flawlessly realistic and mature; and for the most part they were...but
people seem to have forgotten that they are still at heart comic book
movies. In Batman Begins for example, Batman, who doesn't kill, sets
off a chain of events that kills Ra's bodyguard and potentially many
members of the League of Shadows, right after he refuses to execute a
captured murderer. Then he catches Liam Neeson with one arm while
hanging off a cliff and proceeds to pull him up. With one arm. Liam
Neeson's a big guy. Batman later glides with a cape that goes rigid
when electricity is passed through it- true the tech just about exists,
but it would never work like that.  These things are not realistic,
but it doesn't matter. They're cool, and within the rules of Nolan's
Batman world, they work. In TDK there are many similar questions. How
come the Joker isn't blown away by the bomb blast at the jail when
everyone around him is, for example? The biggest departure from realism
is 'worse' than anything in TDKR; Harvey Dent. Harvey Dent somehow
manages to talk properly with half his lips and jaw missing. Also, he's
running around with exposed nerves, muscle and bone and has refused
pain killers. The guy should be completely paralysed with unimaginable
pain; but he isn't and it's cool, because it's a comic book movie, and
the rest of the world is so realistic we accept these things. That's
what Chris Nolan achieved- he made Batman not one hundred per cent
believable, but just believable enough so we could suspend our
disbelief. This is the primary job of all directors, although somebody
should tell Michael Bay that! I think some reviewers need to watch the
first two again, and understand that they were not 'Batman simulators,'
but comic book movies made as realistic as their source material would
allow them to be.  When it comes to TDKR, some reviewers are holding
it to a higher standard than the previous two, by not allowing it to
have any filmic/comic book eccentricities. Most complain about the swat
team finding the missing councillor within a few minutes (maybe even
just one!) and yea, it's a stretch, but they were looking for him in
force, we know that. It's not hard to just go with it, is it? Others
complain about how Bruce got back to Gotham after escaping from the
pit. Does it really matter? He's Batman, go with it. When Nolan has
explained so much else so well and intricately, it's a bit miserly to
pull him up on this one thing, isn't it? Anyway, Bruce travelled the
world exploring the criminal fraternity; it stands to reason he still
has some contacts in that world or given he's so well prepared, some
off shore accounts. There really are not that many plot holes. Miranda
Tate keeps up her pretence so she can be on the inside to thwart any
resistance attempts. Fox isn't examining the Bat at the end, as it was
destroyed; he's examining the programming for all the prototypes- Bruce
wrote a software patch that fixed the auto pilot.  Some have
complained it was convoluted to begin with- but it's a Chris Nolan
movie- it's not convoluted, it's densely plotted, multi-layered. So
often we complain about mindless blockbusters, but when someone makes
clever ones, it seems we still complain. In fact, some people hate
Nolan's movies full stop. I don't love them all- but I do love him as a
director. He's intelligent, original, barely uses CGI, is passionate
about his work and doesn't let studios push him around. He makes
intelligent blockbusters, and that's rare. We need more of that in
Hollywood, amidst a storm of Transformers sequels (more on the way) and
news of a Fifty Shades of Grey movie (?!)
			
The incredible acting displayed in this movie would merit Christian
Bale an Oscar as best Actor and Michel Caine as best supporting actor,
despite having limited screen time.The themes conveyed when Wayne has to push himself to climb, or rise
out of the darkness in the staple scene in the movie (The Dark Knight
Rises' interrogation scene equivalent)in the prison are very well
thought out and contribute greatly to the ending, where Batman
sacrifices himself to save Gotham. The idea of this is that while
Batman dies, Bruce Wayne lives, which helps convey the further theme of
Batman being a symbol, not just one man.Despite being different from the other two films in the trilogy, and
knowing that I have a higher opinion of this film as it is fresher, I
know that this film is my favourite film in the Dark Knight Trilogy, if
not one of my favourite films of all time.
			
without a doubt the best movie of 2012 so far and possibly EVER!
Christian Bale is just so unbelievably hot and above all that does an
amazing performance, as did all main cast members including Gary
Oldman, Anne Hathaway and Christopher Nolan in particular. and of
course Tom Hardy!! his role as Bane was phenomenal and was scary at
times.the CGI effects were also amazing. in particular when Bane blows up the
football stadium.this movie really is perfection. i honestly cannot think of one bad
thing to say about this movie. After the disappointment of the Oscars
2012, i look forward to all of the nominations and wins that The Dark
Knight Rises so rightfully deserves!
			
Perfect. The best movie by Nolan period. Everything was perfect, the
performances were spectacular, I was skeptical when I heard Anne
Hathaway was playing Catwoman, but she did really awesome, Tom Hardy as
Bane was perfect, really menacing and his voice sent chills down your
spine, and Gary Oldman did great also, Joseph Gordon Levitt was perfect
too, and as usual Christian Bale was the best, and everyone did great.
Bane was very awesome, he was super menacing and really tough, Batman
definitely met his match. Batman was really rusty in this movie, and it
was really cool to see him rise from weak to strong. I loved how at the
end Joseph Gordon Levitt's character was Robin! It's close to three
hours long, so you'd think you'd get bored sometimes, but no, not a
second are you bored, when it's slow it's interesting, when it's quick
it's full of action. I REALLY hope there is a sequel, check it out,
highly recommend!
			
I had just recently seen "Batman Begins" and "The Dark Knight" when I
went to see "The Dark Knight Rises". It definitely was up to par and
more.This movie is very long, so you'd think it would be easy to get bored,
lose interest in the plot, or get confused about the plot. But it never
does that for a second. It keeps a steady, easy-to-follow plot going,
while still creating great suspense. For example **Spoiler Alert** When
you find out that the woman, not Bane, is the child of Raz Al Gu, it
creates this "wow" moment. And of course, you wonder what is going to
happen now when it looks like Batman is dead, but then you see him
sitting in the restaurant with Catwomen.But for you people out there who are grieving the end of the
new-and-improved "Batman" series, don't worry, it's not over yet. They
definitely have some explaining to do after the not-dead Batman leads
the suddenly-decided Robin into his cave.I highly recommend seeing this, I think it is the best movie of the
summer.
			
Wow !! How can a superhero movie be so real yet amazing !! Well you
should not doubt when it's made by Christopher Nolan. Chris is now the
third name in my list after James Cameron and Steven Spielberg. The
Dark Knight Rises is a real dark movie with a very strong
message,"Anybody can be hero". It's very sad that Christopher Nolan
ended the series but this trilogy had been the best superhero trilogy
till date. Christian Bale did a great job, both as Batman and Bruce
Wayne and will remain the best Batman ever. Anne Hathway looked pretty
hot as Catwoman and showed her some really good acting skills. Tom
Hardy appeared huge and perfect as Bane. Rest all did a wonderful and
flawless job. This flick is a must watch before you die. MINDBLOWING...
			
I won't even compare 'The Dark Knight Rises' with 'The Dark Knight',
simply because there's no need to compare them.Instead I'd like to focus on the greatness achieved with this movie. I
have to admit, there are some flaws. But every movie has them. Every.
And even though it has its flaws, this movie, in its entirety with its
message and amazingly realistic trilogy-storyline, is without doubt a
masterpiece we will all talk about years after.It's just unbelievably beautiful to see that there are still movies
that make people watch them in theaters. Even though very bad, shocking
things happened that are associated with it, even though people lost
their lives making the movie and watching the movie. Even though many
things did not turn out how you could've thought they would turn out,
this trilogy has found its way in our culture, making people want to
see it no matter what happened, by taking us on a very emotional travel
in which we all can find our consolation, our will, our bravery.
			
I love the new Batman trilogy. Liam Neeson is awesome. And Bale is a
GREAT Batman. I actually haven't seen the movie but I have heard
nothing but great things. I just had a question for IMDb users. Does
anyone know if they will make more Batman movies. I would love to see
someone other than Jim Carey play The Riddler. That character has so
much potential.They really messed up with the last one. No offense,
just in my opinion I think someone (maybe L.DiCaprio) could really do
something with it. Another villain that would be fun is Mr. Freeze and
Ivy. Also, maybe make a non-fruity Robin. Robin has so much potential
to kick some booty. Have him be someone awesome. Well, just throwing
some ideas out there. sorry this isn't a real review guys, just had
some questions.Thanks. -AP6
			
The Dark Knight Rises was the best cinematic experience I've ever had
and the film doesn't live up to the hype, it exceeds it.The film is near perfect, the acting, writing and cinematography is
outstanding and what I liked about it was Christopher Nolan and Wally
Physter who has been Nolan's cinematographer for Nolan's last 4 films
don't use much CGI, he tries to keep it a realistic as he can, not like
Transformers and Avengers, it looks impressive but I prefer Nolan's
filmmaking. Glad it wasn't in 3D, I watched it in IMAX for the first
time, it was unbelievable especially the prologue involving Bane and a
plane.As for the acting, Christian Bale pulls out his best performance as
Bruce Wayne/Batman, slightly better than his performance in Batman
Begins and Dark Knight, Michael Caine is brilliant as always as Alfred
and a couple of scenes involving Alfred and Bruce Wayne are very
emotional. Tom Hardy who I am a big fan of, he's brilliant in warrior
and I think he deserved an Oscar for his role as Tommy Conlon and is
great in just about everything he's in and same goes for this, he is
menacing and very powerful as bane and as for the voice, I could hear
him fine, there's no issue with the voice. Gary Oldham as Jim Gordon is
excellent as always and so is Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox. What
surprised me was how good Anne Hathaway was as Catwoman, she's elegant,
sexy and tough, all the qualities needed to play Selina Kyle and dare I
say it, she's much better than Michelle Pheiffer's Catwoman in Batman
Returns, she's mesmerising. The newcomers in Marion Cotillard and
Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Miranda Tate and John Blake, firstly Marion
Cotillard who plays a Wayne enterprises businesswoman and major
spoilers ahead so don't read if you haven't seen it yet, Miranda Tate
turns out to be the daughter of Ra's Al Ghul who trained Bruce Wayne n
Batman Begins and she come to finish the job with Bane as her protector
and John Blake is played brilliantly by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, him and
Anne Hathaway were the stand out performers in this movie for me, he is
like a young Jim Gordon and the ending is jaw droppingly good, for me
Gordon-Levitt is fast becoming one of the best actors in Hollywood.As for the story, it is near perfection and that is down to the genius
of Christopher Nolan and his brother Johnathan, this film brings
everything full circle and ties all the films together. the film is 2
hours 45 minutes but it absolutely flies by, it's thrilling from start
to finish. The only issue I had with the plot was Bane's killing was a
bit quick, all the build up and Catwoman just shoots him and he's dead,
I think he needed more of an prolonged, I wanted to see him suffer for
what he all did and Talia Al Ghul reveal I thought undermined Bane as
just a henchman a bit but over than that, the plot is fantastic.The ending has caused some debate but I don't know why, it's pretty
definitive and is a fantastic ending to a fantastic trilogy. Batman
takes the bomb away from the city and saves the day but does he
survive? It's pretty obvious to me that he's alive, Alfred sees him at
the caf with Selina Kyle and it's not a dream, he fixed the autopilot
and survived. And Blake revealing his legal name as Robin, I jumped out
of my seat and seeing the bat cave at the end and becoming Robin or
night wing whatever, Nolan's ending are always genius. Just because
Nolan made Inception doesn't mean every ending he does is open to
interpretation, but I can't see a robin film, as good as an actor
Gordon-Levitt is, it just wouldn't work. I have to talk about the director of the franchise, Christopher Nolan
who for me is the best director of our time and soon he will be up
there with Kubrick, Hitchcock and Scorcese, if he isn't already. The
three best directors for me are Nolan, David Fincher & Quentin
Tarantino but Nolan is the best of the three, Fincher's very good but
not as good as Nolan and Tarantino is a genius with his early films but
hes made some bad films and comes across as a big head. But Nolan just
produces masterpiece after masterpiece, the dark knight trilogy in my
opinion is the best trilogy of all-time, the prestige is a very
underrated film, memento, Insomnia and the Following and Inception,
they're all great films. Nolan is a movie genius and deserves an Oscar
for this film, it's an incredible achievement and it's about time he
starts to be recognised for his incredible work. He makes these
blockbusters but with a great story so the explosions and violence is
an integral part of the story and not just an excuse to show off. The
batman reboot that is rumoured should not be made because no one will
top Nolan's interpretation of the batman story, just look at the
Spider-Man films,the originals were very good except 3 but they made
the remake this year and it was very poor, can't imagine how anything
will top the Dark Knight Trilogy in the new batman movies, it's an
impossible task, I for one wouldn't want to take Batman story on after
Nolan.To conclude, you have to see this movie, it's the best comic book movie
ever, it's slightly better than the Dark Knight and if it doesn't win
best picture at the Oscars never mind nominated, the people who run the
Oscars need there heads testing. My prediction Nolan best director and
best picture and Joseph Gordon-Levitt best supporting actor.Astonishingly good. 10/10
			
I booked tickets for the midnight screening of this movie on the day
they came out. and the next month after that was an excruciating wait.
I had never looked forward to a movie this much, not because im not a
massive movie fan but because I could never truly have faith in any
director being able to produce the masterpiece I would be expecting. but with Christopher Nolan, I just knew i was going to receive
something mind numbingly good, something I would remember for the rest
of my life. I walked out of dark knight with a feeling of satisfaction
but after watching the dark knight rises I felt something no other
movie had provided me thus far. Truly an amazing movie, needless to say my favourite of all time.
anyone who hasn't seen this movie needs to. you will not regret it.
			
Look, don't sit here reading this. Go out and watch it. Now. You won't
be disappointed, I promise. As IMDb requires ten lines, I have to make
an effort to at least recommend it. It's electrifying. Hardy and
Hatheway are amazing. Everything leads up to this climatic ending which
is stunning. Although not as amazing as The Dark Knight, this comes off
feeling almost as strong because of its visually astonishing set pieces
and deafening score by the dependable Hans Zimmer. The lack of CGI only
adds to the believability. I'm excited to be growing up in a day and
age where a movie about a costumed bat running around beating up bad
guys can be considered as one of the most influential films of all
time. And it is. It truly is. Look, you know you're going to see it.
Leave Avengers lying in the dust with a mere 1 billion and lets see
this movie make several billions. P.S Australia rules, we get it a day
early :)
			
The Dark Knight Rises is not only the greatest third entry into The
Dark Knight trilogy but its the greatest third outing for any trilogy.
The director went all out on this one and it payed off. The film
introduces us to a 'rusty' Batman who goes into hiding but as the
mysterious Catwoman and the terrifying Bane, so Batman must 'rise' up
and protect Gotham City. The directing in this film is the 'best' i
have seen ever. The writing is absolutely perfect, the story rounds out
the trilogy like a masterpiece, the characters are so well written and
invested into the story, they are played by some of the greatest actors
of all time and they did an awesome job some of them need Oscar nods.
The ending is so powerful and so emotional that i was bawling, this is
a war film but at the very heart of the story is an emotional,
powerful, action, drama film, which has been done to perfection. I saw
this at the midnight release and it was worth it! Amazing in every
aspect, the film does not feel like t goes for 2 45 minutes, it goes so
fast but thats what a good movie should do and i am not just saying
this because i am a 'batman' fan or a 'christopher Nolan' fan but
seriously, everyone needs to see this. You will love it!! It was worth
the wait and now Christopher Nolan is now one of my favorite writers
and directors, the film deserves best picture!!! Loved every second of
it!! 5/5
			
In 2005 Christopher Nolan gave us Batman Begins, a near-perfect film
detailing the story of Bruce Wayne and his journey to becoming Batman.
This film brought Batman out from the depths of movie hell, there
courtesy of Joel Schumacher's appalling Batman Forever and Batman &
Robin, which turned Batman into a joke who no one would want to touch
with 10-foot pole. Thankfully Nolan was brave enough to resurrect him
in 2005, and in 2008 we got The Dark Knight, a film which turned what
we knew about blockbusters and superhero flicks upside-down. With a
phenomenal performance by Heath Ledger and an even darker journey into
Gotham City this was a perfect film.Now, after four years, Nolan concludes his epic trilogy with The Dark
Knight Rises. There is no denying the hype for this movie is huge,
people are bound to be disappointed, fans divided and angry, but when
after I finished watching this (after having attended a back-to-back
trilogy screening on an IMAX screen) I realised just how fitting this
movie was. These aren't simple superhero movies with loud noises and
non-stop action, he has imbued each character with true personalities
and the story with multiple themes. Bruce Wayne became Batman in the
beginning, fell into dark times in the middle and rose to become
Gotham's hero in the end. Emotions run high in this final installment
as Batman comes out of hiding to face a truly menacing villain along
with the people close to him.Eight years after the events of The Dark Knight Bruce Wayne (Christian
Bale) is in hiding and his corporation is going broke, but the
emergence of Bane (Tom Hardy), a mercenary with a dark past out for
trouble, and Selina Kyle/Catwoman (Anne Hathaway) bring Wayne out of
retirement. Now Batman, along with up and coming Detective Blake
(Joseph Gordon-Levitt), Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman), Lucius Fox
(Morgan Freeman), Alfred (Michael Caine) and newcomer millionaire
Miranda Tate (Marion Cotillard) must try and save Gotham from Bane and
his mercenaries.Where do I start with reviewing this movie? There is much to say and an
unfortunate limit on my word count so I will be brief. The acting is
outstanding from each cast member, Bale has been so good as
Wayne/Batman and he completes his character arc with raw emotion. Hardy
is exceptional as Bane, physically intimidating and always a
scene-stealer, most of the film's best scenes involve Bane addressing a
large crowd or brutalising anyone in his way. Hathaway does well as
Catwoman, neither hero or villain she is a complex character who I wish
we saw more of. Of course Oldman, Cotillard and Freeman are excellent,
but I must mention Michael Caine who really shone in this film,
delivering an award-worthy final turn as everyone's favourite butler.
Finally Joseph Gordon-Levitt is proving again and again he is becoming
one of the best actors of our time, he does a fantastic job as the
optimistic detective who never loses hope.Nolan's direction is perfect and his script (co-written with his
brother Jonathon) is an emotional roller-coaster packed with some truly
breathtaking action set-pieces filmed in glorious IMAX. Cities crumble,
bridges collapse and civil wars are fought and look fantastic, thank
you Nolan for not shooting in 3D! Hans Zimmer's score suits the tone of
the film well, the now very well known chant is used to good effect in
a pivotal scene towards the end.This is a truly cinematic experience, expertly blending the action
genre with drama, creating a fitting final act to Nolan's Batman
trilogy. I may seem to be heaping too much praise on this movie, but
really, it deserves it, it is engrossing and quite simply one of the
best films I've seen in a long, long time. Nolan's Batman trilogy is
possibly one of the greatest conceived and it will be a long time
before a superhero movie of this calibre will be made.10/10
			
Personally, I feel that the directors choice not to even mention the
Joker is a total cop-out. "Disrespectful to Heath Ledger"? I don't
think so! Heath Ledger was completely incredible in The Dark Knight
movie. Personally I feel that he did a disservice to him by not
mentioning the character The Joker. I'm not saying he should have CGI'd
him in the movie or used cutting room footage... I'm only stating that
NOT mentioning Heath Ledger is just as bad as faking his character on
screen, I feel that Christopher Nolan insulted his memory by not even
mentioning him in this movie. That is my humble opinion on this flick.
Other than that, I feel it is a great film... worthy of HIGH PRAISE and
HIGH SCORES from critics. Thank you for reading my humble review.
			
As one of the greatest trilogy comes to a conclusion, Christopher Nolan
has demonstrated his in-depth understanding of the beloved superhero -
the Batman. This is evident in all the three installments as Nolan pits
Batman against incredible physical and mental challenges through which
Batman rises thereby expanding his limits and learning more about
himself and his strengths. Of course the credit does not belong solely
to him. Jonathan Nolan and David S. Goyer enabled this incredible
portrayal of Batman. 'The Dark Knight Rises' is no different.Personally I found the script for 'The Dark Knight Rises' to be
stronger than that of 'The Dark Knight'. The plot and the characters
were established without leaving obvious room for criticisms. The
background of the new characters' are revealed just enough to avoid
further questions. But it is Nolan's vision for the movie that shines
throughout the film. The sense of imminent danger looms from the very
beginning of the movie and oozes out through every scene, not letting
the audience settle despite the calmness and the absence (lack of
necessity) of Batman in the early scenes. As the calamities ensues we
are not ready just like the characters in the movie and eagerly waits
for Batman. From thereon, 'The Dark Knight Rises' is a successful
blending of drama and action without failing in either, leading up to a
glorious conclusion for the movie and the trilogy.The performances are brilliant from all the cast including Christian
Bale, Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman, Anne Hathaway, Tom Hardy, Marion
Cotillard, Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Caine. Simply put, 'The
Dark Knight Rises' is a marvelous movie that is a deserving conclusion
to Nolan's incredible 'The Dark Knight Trilogy'.
			
still i am watching this movie once a month... its truly a
masterpiece..all the actors are giving their maximum.. the story it's intriguing..i am still truly shocked about the story of this wonderful saga.
			
"The Dark Knight Rises" leaves the fanciful early days of the superhero
genre far behind, and moves into a doom-shrouded, apocalyptic future
that seems uncomfortably close to today's headlines. As urban terrorism
and class warfare envelop Gotham and its infrastructure is ripped
apart, Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) emerges reluctantly from years of
seclusion in Wayne Manor and faces a soulless villain as powerful as he
is. The film begins slowly with a murky plot and too many new
characters, but builds to a sensational climax.The result, in Christopher Nolan's conclusion to his Batman trilogy, is
an ambitious superhero movie with two surprises: It isn't very much
fun, and it doesn't have very much Batman. I'm thinking of the
over-the-top action sequences of the earlier films that had a
subcurrent of humor, and the exhilarating performance of Heath Ledger
as the Joker. This movie is all serious drama, with a villain named
Bane whose Hannibal Lecterish face-muzzle robs him of personality. And
although we see a good deal of Bruce Wayne, his alter-ego Batman makes
only a few brief appearances before the all- out climax.Bane, played by Tom Hardy in a performance evoking a homicidal pro
wrestler, is a mystery because it's hard to say what motivates him. He
releases thousands of Gotham's criminals in a scenario resembling the
storming of the Bastille. As they face off against most of the city
police force in street warfare, Bane's goal seems to be the overthrow
of the ruling classes. But this would prove little if his other plan
(the nuclear annihilation of the city) succeeds.Bane stages two other sensational set pieces, involving destroying the
Stock Exchange and blowing up a football stadium, that seemed aimed at
our society's twin gods of money and pro sports. No attempt is made to
account for Bane's funding and resources, and when it finally comes
down to Bane and Batman going mano-a-mano during a street fight, it
involves an anticlimactic fist-fight. He blows up the city's bridges
and to top that lands a right hook on Batman's jaw?Bane is the least charismatic of the Batman villains, but comes close
to matching Bruce Wayne and Batman in screen time. The film also
supplies a heroic young cop (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), two potential
romantic partners for Wayne, and lots of screen time for series
regulars Alfred the Butler (Michael Caine, remarkably effective in
several trenchant scenes), Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman) and the
genius inventor Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman).One of the women is the always enigmatic Catwoman (Anne Hathaway), and
the other is Miranda Tate (Marion Cotillard), a millionaire who may be
able to rescue Wayne Enterprises after Bane's stock market mischief
wipes out Wayne financially. Catwoman is a freelance burglar who's
always looking out for number one, and Miranda is a do-gooder
environmentalist; both are drawn irresistibly to Bruce, who is not only
still a bachelor but has spent the last eight years as a hermit, walled
up in Wayne Manor with the loyal Alfred.All of these characters and their activities produce stretches in the
first half of the film during which, frankly, I was not entirely sure
who was doing what and with which and to whom. The movie settles in for
its sensational second half, however, although not everybody will be
able to precisely explain the deep stone well where Bane imprisons
Bruce Wayne. The circular walls of this well represent a deadly
climbing wall by which anyone can try to reach freedom, but few
succeed. The actual location is in Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India, and we
get a glimpse of some zigzagging stairs that are unforgettably shown in
"Baraka." Turns out Bane was held there as a child.This is a dark and heavy film; it tests the weight a superhero movie
can bear. That Nolan is able to combine civil anarchy, mass destruction
and a Batcycle with exercise-ball tires is remarkable. That he does it
without using 3D is admirable. That much of it was shot in the 70mm
IMAX format allows it to make that giant screen its own. That it
concludes the trilogy is inevitable; how much deeper can Nolan dig? It
lacks the near-perfection of "The Dark Knight" (2008), it needs more
clarity and a better villain, but it's an honorable finale.
			
Well what can i say Although you have to overlook the small mistakes
(which you won't see at first but if watched repeatedly) its standard
good acting from Morgan freeman and Michael cain and of course our star
batman blew our minds as a generally good film. Even if batman in his
cape is only seen for a limited time there wasn't a time that we
weren't on the edge if our seats. It was a good way to quench our
thirst of the ending to the trilogy. You know go out there and see it
for ya self but one thing i dislike is like myself i nearly didn't
watch this film because i kept seeing negative reviews and when i would
read them there would be excuses about poor directing or sound or
something like that. If i say so the sound was spectacular they found a
track that found the rhythm of the film and the camera always filled
you up didn't need any other Camera's or another. Directing was superb
as in the case of the other two TDK and as always leaves you on the
hook
			
I could maybe write a whole novel expressing my admiration for The Dark
Knight Trilogy, and what it means to me as a lover of movies. That
culminates with The Dark Knight Rises, and I'll explain why.Christopher Nolan and company are at the top of their game. The plot is
engaging and intricately detailed. Another superhero third installment,
Spider-Man 3, didn't work is because it's plot was scattershot and
didn't juggle it's dozen story lines with any good payoff. The Dark
Knight Rises is the opposite of that. All of the story arcs and characters are tied together neatly: The Dent
Act that lead to the incarceration of the mob after the fallout of The
Dark Knight. After the Dent Act makes Batman unnecessary; Bruce Wayne
attempts to move on by starting the Fusion Reactor project, then shuts
it down which creates financial burdens on Gotham City, which ties in
with the lower class siding with Bane and rising up against the rich.
Bane crashes the plane in the opening in order to capture nuclear
physicist Dr.Pavel and use him in his plan to destroy Gotham City. John
Blake finds a dead child from the Orphanage that he attended when he
was younger, which leads to the discovery of Bane's Underground Army.
The meaning of Batman as an icon of hope which is visually represented
by the Chalk symbol drawn by an Orphan in the beginning of the film,
and John Blake during the insurrection in Gotham City; and the fire
that Batman lights up in his return, which inspires the Police force to
fight Bane, including Peter Foley-the Police Commissioner who turns
from being stubborn and ego-driven to dying honorably on the
battlefield in the climax. Selina Kyle steals Bruce Wayne's
fingerprints to be used for the Stock Exchange robbery that bankrupts
Bruce Wayne; which triggers Batman's return in an awesome chase scene
between him, Bane's men, and the GCPD. Selina Kyle steals the Pearls
that belonged to Bruce Wayne's Mother, and wears them at the end when
she resides in Florence with Bruce Wayne. Batman learns that
vigilantism is still necessary even when the GCPD had conquered
organized crime, which is why he gives the USB drive from the Stock
Exchange Robbery to Lucius Fox instead of the Police (he didn't trust
them out of fear of Bane's infiltration). So there must always be a
Batman to fight threats more than the police can handle. This ties in
with him choosing John Blake to be his successor at the end
(Source-IMDB FAQ).When Bane breaks Batman's back, it's not just fan-service; it's meant
to bring Batman down to ground zero and emphasize on how broken he is
physically. This is why we cheer for Bruce Wayne when he escapes the
Pit, because this is a film that's not just about heroes in cheesy
costumes punching out bad guys. The genre thrills and the themes all
coincide together. All of the cast is sensational including Christian
Bale in his best performance as Batman. The film is visually supreme,
tightly paced, well edited, and Hans Zimmer's incredible and magnetic
soundtrack is the best of the Trilogy. The Dark Knight Rises was named one of the best films of 2012 by the
American Film Institute. It's considered by many to be one of the best
superhero films of all time. In today's Hollywood where endless
sequels, reboots, and derivative cash-grabs are being churned out;
Christopher Nolan makes films that bring in the old and new. His unique
vision has appealed to over hundreds of film lovers. This film to me is
The Godfather Part 2 of the series. Even if it's not as famous as it's
predecessor; it's bigger and broader in the vein of a Historical Epic,
and makes the story all the more complete. It's the best conclusion to
a Film Trilogy I've ever seen.Grade-A+
			
How is it possible to create a story that everybody knows into another
complete new twist? Amazing characters and spectacular developments.
Especially the fact that another villain (with less character in
previous series and comics) comes to live as a deeper personage. Bain
simply is amazing when it comes to the actor, but also the background,
brutal aggression and great voice. Even though i loved the Dark Knight
where the Joker "makes' the movie. Now the trilogy is complete and the
movie outplays the other Batmans by Christopher Nolan. Can watch it
again and again... Other actors are chosen perfectly, i'd have
preferred a cat woman which was a bit more "dark" than she is now...
but doesn't distract. The "Robin" story is promising and looks to
become another great series of films. Can't wait!
			
2012 has been an amazing year for the great movies weather it was
Avengers, Wolf of the Wall Street, the Amazing Spiderman and this great
sequel of The Dark Knight. Christian Bale is just magnificent, as he
puts it he plays three characters, the billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne,
the true persona of Bruce Wayne still grieving the lost of his parents
and the Batman. He's the defining actor of The Dark Knight, his
portrayal of all these characters are just perfect and even though he's
a man dressing up at night as a bat beating criminals to a pulp with
his bare hands, we empathize with him. The chief antagonist is Tom
Hardy's full time terrorist Bane, He's frightening to watch, Tom
embodies and embraces the sheer brutality and monstrosity of "the
mercenary" flawlessly with half his face covered up, the way he conveys
his emotions with only his eyes is amazing. Anne Hathaway as always is
amazingly beautiful and superb acting. Loved to watch her in every
aspect.
			
This trilogy has truly become part of the top trilogies of all-time. It
is an artistic masterpiece disguised as a Batman movie. There is enough
foreshadowing, motifs, & symbolism in these movies to make a Harvard
English professor cry tears of joy. Prison pit scene spoiler***The prison pit scene might be the best scene in this entire trilogy,
but without understanding the 1st movie you'll miss the beauty of it.
I'll set the stage........As a boy, Bruce Wayne falls into a pit in his
backyard which is full of bats. His father has to climb down to save
him and teaches him that the reason we fall is to learn to pick
ourselves up; beautiful. He becomes batman because he is afraid of bats
and he wants to become his fear; beautiful. Fast forward to the pit
scene now after his first two jump attempts failed. The doctor tells
him that he has to make the jump without the safety rope; scary. But he
explains that this is the only way that he will make the climb because
he will be fearing death; beautiful. Just before he attempts the climb
a third time, he has a flashback of his dad saving him in the pit when
he was a boy; beautiful. Just before he start to climb he asks the
translator what the prisoners were chanting....he responds, "Rise";
beautiful. When he is at the top just before the jump, bats fly out of
the cave walls; beautiful. All of it is beautiful. I'm telling you,
these movies are works of art disguised as Batman movies.
			
One of the best movies I've ever seen. Christian Bale is great as
usual. The villain is has more depth than the other villains in the
first two movies because he has a story line behind him and he is more
powerful. The supporting actors are also great like Joseph
Gordon-Levitt. The sound and editing is on point and the action is even
better than it was in the other movies in the trilogy. Tom Hardy is a
fantastic Bane and Anne Hathaway is great as Catwoman. Even though it
is a really long movie, almost three hours, it is never boring since
there are many twists and turns in the plot and the writing is
phenomenal. It was really interesting that in the movie Batman isn't
the most powerful person. I actually thought it was better than The
Dark Knight. This movie blew me away.
			
It's the third installment of "The Dark Knight" trilogy. Like in all
the previous installments. Fight, Fight, Fight. I give it 10 stars for
everything from visual effects to sound mixing. Christian Bale does an
excellent performance. I think Tom Hardy by far had the best
performance out of all of them. By playing the villain "Bane," which
was probably difficult at all levels. Christopher Nolan does an
excellent job at directing this installment. Joseph Gordon-Levitt does
a decent job by playing Batman's sidekick "Robin." Anne Hathaway's
performance of "Catwoman." It has a sad ending with a twist but I give
the "Dark Knight rises" thumbs up.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is the last Batman movie in the Nolan Universe
Starring Christian Bale as Batman, Tom Hardy as Bane and Anne Hathaway
as Catwoman. Even if some people thought this film is kinda boring and
Batman is really weak and Bane is really annoying i thought it was
good. This is the only time that Tom Hardy is actually good in
something but i have to agree his voice is kinda annoying but the
conclusion to the Dark Knight Trilogy is pretty Epic and many people
will always wonder did Batman died or did he survived? Anyways the
Final Batman movie is as great as the last two films the only thing we
can do now is to wait for Batman to fight Superman next year.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 British-American epic superhero film
directed by Christopher Nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his
brother Jonathan Nolan, and the story, with David S. Goyer. Featuring
the DC Comics character Batman, the film is the final installment in
Nolan's Batman film trilogy, and the sequel to Batman Begins (2005) and
The Dark Knight (2008). Christian Bale reprises the lead role of Bruce
Wayne/Batman, with a returning cast of allies: Michael Caine as Alfred
Pennyworth, Gary Oldman as James Gordon, and Morgan Freeman as Lucius
Fox. The film introduces Selina Kyle (Anne Hathaway), a sly, morally
ambiguous cat burglar, and Bane (Tom Hardy), a mercenary bent on
destroying Gotham City, forcing an older Bruce Wayne to come out of
retirement and become Batman again.Christopher Nolan was hesitant about returning to the series for a
second time, but agreed after developing a story with his brother and
Goyer that he felt would conclude the series on a satisfactory note.
Nolan drew inspiration from Bane's comic book debut in the 1993
"Knightfall" storyline, the 1986 series The Dark Knight Returns, and
the 1999 storyline "No Man's Land". Filming took place in locations
including Jodhpur,[5] London, Nottingham, Glasgow, Los Angeles, New
York City, Newark, and Pittsburgh. Nolan used IMAX cameras for much of
the filming, including the first six minutes of the film, to optimize
the quality of the picture. A variation of the Batplane termed the
"Bat", an underground prison set, and a new Batcave set were created
specifically for the film. As with The Dark Knight, viral marketing
campaigns began early during production. When filming concluded, Warner
Bros. refocused its campaign: developing promotional websites,
releasing the first six minutes of the film, screening theatrical
trailers, and sending out information regarding the film's plot.
			
This series by Christopher Nolan may be the best superhero movies ever
made. After the release of Batman Begins, Christopher Nolan was looking
for a movie that was way better than its previous one and he
successfully did that. The Dark Knight could be he best superhero movie
Ever created in the history of Cinema. But was it possible of him to
create a masterpiece better than that. A daunting and mountainous task
indeed.This Movie is set after 8 years of the Harvey Dent and The Joker
incident. Bruce Wayne looks as stunning as he always does. This movie
shows an entirely different Gotham City and the rise of an extremely
violent terrorist BANE, another character amazingly played by Tom
Hardy. Logic is never lost in this movie. This time Nolan, was not only
trying to surpass his previous blockbuster but a movie that would
merely fit as an to this Trilogy. If you're looking for a movie that was better than the Dark Knight then
you're pretty mistaken. This is movie is good in its terms. There were
some scenes Batman fighting in the Broad daylight, not protecting his
identity but this movie ended perfectly. After the building of story
line the climax is full of twists and turns and one of the most
surprising climax I've ever seen. The best part of the movie was the
last 10 minutes it was Sensational. AWESOME.Lets take a Bow to Mr Christopher Nolan, the Cast line up And the
production team for giving us THE DARK KNIGHT!
			
Batman hasn't always been my favorite superhero, but as I got older, I
began to relate to him more. He's the most "human" of all the
superheroes out there in my opinion, as he has flaws, which makes for a
great movie series. The director can show how he grows and evolves over
the years, which is what Christopher Nolan did. Christian Bale also fit
into Bruce Wayne's character very well.This movie was an epic conclusion to a great series. "Batman Begins"
did justice to Batman fans everywhere, "The Dark Knight" was even
better, but "The Dark Knight Rises" went above and beyond what anyone
expected.There are two parts to this movie, the action and the story. Some
people went to go see this movie for the action and special effects.
They were not disappointed by heart-stopping scenes of suspense. Others
went to see how Bruce Wayne's character would play out. What happened
was that they saw a character accept who he is and found himself
within. Both the action and story was spot on and even if you didn't
liked one, you put your opinions aside to enjoy the other.That's what great about this movie. It touches the heart while also
delivering everything you would want in a great action movie. When
Bruce Wayne (not Batman) climbed out of the pit, it was a great moment.
When he flew the bomb out of the city (though it actually wouldn't
completely save the city as radiation and pollution would still be a
problem, but who cares?), it showed he was willing to risk even his own
life in order to save a nation.Lastly, the cast was also great. Everyone's character from Catwoman to
Bane was truly revealed in this movie which made for a movie that not
only focused on the main character, but others as well.I would definitely recommend this series and movie to anyone who wants
a good movie and story. It was a spectacular thing worth seeing. No
wonder it has an eight point nine rating on IMDb and is tied for third
best movie according to IMDb ratings. A well earned ten star from me!
			
i actually went thrice to watch this movie usually one time view is
always sufficient for me ... but for this movie i could not resist i
have to watch this movie again and again you can say dark knight is one
of the 2012 best movie and christopher nolan master piece the drama and
action is outstanding tom hardy did a very impressive work he could be
the most frightening villain of all time this is also Christian bale's
best movie his struggle in this movie as bruce wayne as well as batman
is worth watching......This movie is one of the best of 2012, and possibly the best batman
movie to date. This of course is due to many wonderful aspects such as
the cast. Christian Bale gives another great performance as Batman.
Michael Caine gives possibly the best performance even though he's not
in it as long as the others and anne hatheway which totally unexpected
loved the catwomenit is the example of great writing great direction and great cast i'll
give dark knight a 10/10i think it did not fell short in any of this above sector it's a epic
conclusion to the dark knight legend
			
So now it's almost 1 year ago I saw this movie for the first time. I
like to base my vote after what I thought of the movie the first time I
saw it. After I saw TDKR the first(out of four) time in the theatre I
was completely speechless. I had very, very high expectations since
Batman Begins were my favorite movie at that time and The Dark Knight
was also a clear 10 out of 10. I must've had goosebumps pretty much 70%
of the movie during my first watch, it was that spectacular. The sad
thing with this is that everything I watch nowadays just seems
mediocre. Sure, there have been a lot of movies which have been given a
lot of high scores on IMDb, and I've pretty much seen every one of them
at the theatres. I cannot help but comparing them to TDKR(even tho
they're not in the same genre) which leaves me rather disappointed
after every visit to the theatres. And yes I know this movie got some
plot-holes in it but why should I care about these when I didn't care
about them the first time I saw the movie? I'm not a professional
critic so it's not my job to tell you how "well" the movie's made.
			
I don't how people slate this movie, everything about this movie is
brilliant. The storyline how it has developed and fits in with the
other two movies is perfect. Tom hardy puts in a stellar performance as
bane OK not as good the joker or two face but perfect for the dark
knight rises. The main theme for this film of 'pain' is brilliant after
the other two films where 'fear' and ' chaos' just what the film needed
to finish on a very good film. A very good twist at the end to find out
bane wasn't the child who climbed out very good thinking from
Christopher Nolan. The most grossing batman film ever, and to be fair
the best batman film ever. Bale does a great job in the film to make
you believe the emotion and pain he as Bruce Wayne is going through.
Cant fault the 1st fight scene between Bane and Batman very physical,
love how they didn't have any music during the fight we just heard the
grunts and punches, excellent thinking again from Nolan. Just a purely
good film would recommend it to any batman fan and any movie fan a must
see.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is an ambitious, thoughtful, and potent action
film. I was surprised at just how much of a great, thrilling time I had
watching it. I have to begin this review by pointing out that The Dark
Knight Rises is a potent action film that concludes Christopher Nolan's
franchise in spectacular fashion.The Dark Knight Rises leaves the early
days of the superhero genre far behind, and moves into a doom-shrouded,
apocalyptic future that seems uncomfortably close to today's headlines.
As urban terrorism and class warfare destroy Gotham and its
infrastructure is ripped apart, Bruce Wayne emerges reluctantly from
years of seclusion in Wayne Manor and faces bane who is as powerful as
he is. The film begins slowly with a murky plot and too many new
characters, but builds to a sensational climax.
			
The genius of "Christopher Nolan" has been proved again and needless to
say, not by me, but what is this genius? Creating great characters and
narrative in black and Bdmn made perfect in her, but now let's be
realistic and not looking surface, three "Batman" Nolan Christopher
Nolan content is incomplete and it was well understood and the
narrative zoom to zoom in on account of the weakness of content to
cover in this way has been very successful and perfect narrative of the
trilogy, "Batman" has brought the attractiveness of the series for
"Batman" with the all black Bvdnsh a lot fans to find. Now we come to
the "dark knight rises" talk "dark knight rises" Superheroes is the
best movie I've ever watched and enjoyed the visit immensely. To quote
a friend who says, "What has all this deep and complex Razgvn" and it
really is a genuine effect of the superhero film "The Dark Knight
rises" Vnzyr not, "Christopher Nolan" s work once again with its
attractive perfect narrative the audience is made to transfix the
final seconds, and does not allow the audience to see the film even
during her eyelids.
			
Batman is a king, and Christian bale has lived up to that title. The
dark knight rises shattered the box office just as any other batman
film would. Packed with action and the antics of the knight that is
Bruce Wayne, make for get another astounding addition to the series.
The story of our hero takes place in the city of Gotham with Wayne
enterprises in jeopardy. Within the city he faces bane, portrayed by
Tom hardy, in a series of twists of events. This jaw dropping film will
leave you breathless and craving the next batman film. Unfortunately
the suspense doesn't last forever as this is the last film in the
trilogy. Christopher Nolan has made the dark knight rises a conclusion
to the series. We can only hope someone will come up with a new series.
While we wait for the next batman film, which could be anywhere from a
year to a hundred years, though I have serious doubts, batman is a
money maker, we can continue to watch the trilogy on blu ray and DVD.
			
Did you know that some movies are sometimes too good. This movie is one
of them for many reasons. First the casting locations themes and
characters because they had one of the best casts, locations and
characters for a movie. I think that if more people watch this we can
make the average review ten. But that's not the least of it. The theme
of destruction and war was just awesome and it combined with
superheros. Loved the nuclear bomb, the bat, the return of the tumbler,
bane, the sewers, the stock exchange raid and more. But one of the most
amazing parts was how darn good of a conclusion the a trilogy this was.
I've only seen a few good trilogy's and this is one of them.
			
Every Batman movie Nolan has done raises the bar from a comic book or
film making aspect. Despite the flaw which there happens to be a lot.
There are no scene stealing performances but a lot of great acting from
the Bale haunting Bruce Wayne which is the core of Batman. Gary Oldman
and Michael Caine gives one of there heart felt performances. The
characters are great third dimensional portrayals.Nolan's theme like the first delves into the psyche of Bruce,the pain
is at its core the main story of how the Batman and Bane are so
entwined. The movie goes by and yet is feel like as a viewer you missed
something whether it be obvious or not. Its also had a good sense of
humour about it without becoming contrived, Robert Downey take notice.The Dark Knight rises shows no fear in making you like or dislike it
given the length,plot holes,and overall hype. The world you enter may
seem like a cartoon but so emotional complicated that being invested in
that becomes a fitting way to end. Easily all comic book or film makers can learn from Nolan he and this
amazing film and cast blow all competition away.
			
There are nothing but remakes these days and usually they are bad. The
new Batman films are amazing films. I just hope hope that the current
crew working on these films continues to do so. If they stop with The
Dark Knight Rises, there will sure to be a fourth film made by other
people and will be horrible. If you look at the first three Spiderman
films, they were awesome. But now they are being redone and all I hear
is that they are terrible. Hollywood cannot come up with anything
original or creative. With the current films being made by Christopher
Nolan, Hollywood actually has something great going. The Batman films
are some of the greatest movies of all time. I just cannot understand
why they would stop now, when they have something so write. Please do
not be like Marvel and reproduce great films that are only around a
decade old. Marvel pumps out nothing but garbage. I cannot stress that
the Batman films are the greatest comic book movies of all time and to
not make a forth film would be a huge mistake. Thankyou very much for
your time.
			
The first thing I should clarify is that he is no better than the last.
It must be analyzed differently. The fact of the Dark Knight is vastly
superior to Batman Begins brought a great impact on who attended. Soon
the expectations on this new film have become huge. And the grandeur
that item exceeds expectations. And there are a few flaws, this is
perhaps one: the film is too "big" and scares sometimes.Taking this hook, I'll describe shortly its defects. There are few and
do not affect the work, but they are there. There are many new
characters, which makes us wonder where they came from? The script
suffers with some of them, as the case of Miranda Tate. Her
relationship with Bruce Wayne is not believable.The editing also failed a little. Occasionally it decelerates so much
that it gets a little monotonous. But it's just a small detail that
also does not compromise the film as a whole. Finally Bane (the villain) is not the Joker. But the Joker is
unbeatable. It will be difficult that someone overcome him in the
question of irrational evil. But Tom Hardy (Bane) plays the role very
well, which is to be the most physical opponent of the hero. And that
part he can scare us as much as the Joker scared of with his insanity.The tension is in every action scene, masterfully executed by the
production. It is exciting and realistically to cheer for a hero of
flesh and blood. The incarnation of Batman perpetrated by the brothers
Nolan (director and screenwriter) is real and visceral. And it would
not be possible if not for the masterful acting of Christian Bale. This
time he is the focus of attention. That is why we are moved by him and
really cheer for. So this is the perfect conclusion for this trilogy.
In the Dark Knight, The Joker stole the scenes. In this movie the
Batman / Bruce Wayne is the real protagonist.However I can not forget the supporting cast. Cat Woman / Selina Kyle
(Anne Hathaway) does not compromise and do a great job as a character
convinced of his physical and athletic ability, but emotionally
troubled. Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman) and Lucius Fox (Morgan
Freeman) are competent. But those who stand out are Alfred (Michael
Caine) and Blake (Joseph Gordon-Levitt). The latter is in my view, the
character who represents us. It is through his eyes we feel and see
everything that happens. And Alfred is the soul of the film. Whitout
him Batman would not be a flesh and bone character. As he relates, he
can sew the wounds of the hero, or even put his bones in place, but he
is the only one who truly loves him fraternally. The only one who would
feel his disappearance if something happens to him.The movie is sensational. It just not better than the previous one for
small details. But I'm talking about a level a little higher. So you
can not compare it with 99% of the movies today. These two, Dark Knight
and Dark Knight Rises are in a higher level, and both completed
magnificently the history that stars with Batman Begins. A Must See!
Note 10.
			
Superhero movies are usually taken to be kid's stuff - entertaining,
slick and full of high-octane action sequences. But compared to heavy
classy movies with grave stories, they have always been considered
childish... until Christopher Nolan made Batman Begins.The dark world of Batman full of both physical and psychological wars,
that started in that movie, went to a sky high excitement level in The
Dark Knight... with an epic performance as Joker from Heath Ledger.The hype for the conclusion of this trilogy was well-expected. Though
very few people have doubts on Nolan's craftsmanship after all the
movies in his portfolio, there still was a doubt whether the level set
by Dark Knight was un-surpassable.Well, to tell the truth, it still is, in portions at least. But Dark
Knight Rises surpasses all expectations and lives up to the hype.The movie starts slowly with introducing new characters and a broken
hollow Bruce Wayne, who has left the mantle of Batman since Harvey
Dent's death 8 years ago. The main antagonist Bane is introduced as
menacingly as his character. The world of Gotham has changed since then
with organized crime out of the media eyes. Apparently peace reins in
the city, which is nothing but the silence before the approaching
hurricane.Although most people had forgotten Batman, he still lurks in the secret
corners of a few people's mind, who keep asking themselves - will he
come back.And he does come back. At the 2nd half of the movie, the slowly built
environmental and psychological chess pieces step towards each other
quicker and climax keeps pulping in our heart.Until this point the movie was everything we expected. But since when
does Nolan stays happy meeting the expectations? When the last 20
minutes of the movie starts unfolding its bag of secrets, every single
person in the audience will grab the edge of their seats. Those last 20
minutes takes the movie to a new level of insanity and psyched,
culminating into a final conclusion that ties every loose corner
together ... and gives a new meaning to the saying - "End is a new
beginning." Everything and everyone in the movie is worth praising -
but the few that really stand out are - Christian Bale as the broken
Dark Knight who starts believing in himself afresh, Tom Hardy as the
monstrous Bane who almost takes away all the hopes from the audience,
Michael Caine as the fatherly butler Alfred Pennyworth, Marion
Cotillard as the enticing beauty and the surprising key character
Miranda Tate. Anne Hathaway does a good job in her role, but the
chemistry between the bat and the cat isn't really there. Gary Oldman
keeps the ball going with his old testament cop character Commissioner
Gordon. Joseph Gordon-Levitt is also worth watching as a completely new
concept character John Blake, specially at the final concluding scene.But, the award goes to Christopher Nolan, who knows how the audience's
mind works and plays with it to perfection. Nolan, you've done it
again. It makes me a little sad, thinking that you wouldn't stand
behind the camera again to continue from the promising end, or rather,
beginning, you've carved with this movie.But, maybe this is for the best... maybe the Dark Knight does need a
well deserved rest.Salute, to the best & darkest character the Comics world has given us.
Salute.
			
I went see movie on the first day mainly because of the hype and
anticipation created around the movie because of its predecessor "the
dark knight",but as expected this movie is nowhere near "the dark
knight", but as an individual movie this movie deserves applause mainly
because the way its been presented. Movie's opening sequence of plane
hijacking was the most jaw dropping scene in movies in recent time and
Christian bale remains and will remain as best batman forever,Anne
Hathaway's cat woman is sexy,stylish,athletic and cool,while coming to
bane ,tom hardy as acting wise was OK but physically as a villain is
superb,and the scene he beats batman ,there bane rocks and Joseph was
solid as Blake/robin and Marion Cotillard as Tate/Talia was cute and
oldies Gary old man, Morgan free man and Michael cane was great as
usual, Hans Zimmer background music perfectly suited to the tone of the
movie,action scenes and emotional scenes did came very well but what
this movie missed is heath ledgers awesomeness. And finally Nolan
delivered the finest third movie of all trilogies and greatest trilogy
ever.
			
First, let me just say that overall the movie was beyond great. Bane
lifting Batman over his head and breaking his back was amazing. The
fact they stayed with the comic book story line for the most part was
great.Clearly, Marion Collliard was Talia if you know the story.If you know comics then you would have figured out she was Talia at
least mid way through. She was supposed to be from Gotham and has a
foreign accent, Bruce Wayne isn't exactly a detective huh? Here is what
I'm questioning, and why me and my son are the only ones who have
discussed this, I can't find it anywhere: Joseph Gordon-Levitt's Robin
character is being forecast as some kind of new Batman, or maybe even
just be Robin.I don't know if it's two words or one that I have for you, and down the
road you'll say wow, I remember reading this on IMDb - Nightwing, Night
Wing.Whether it's two words or one doesn't matter, it seems blatantly
obviously to me, just as Talia was, that Robin will become Nightwing.He'll go to England, get Alfred,bring him back, run things out of the
Batcave under the home for kids, where he finds and recruits
the............Teen Titans.so simple.J
			
Thats right...you cannot rate this movie any less than 10 out of 10.
Christopher Nolan has again outdone himself and have made the most
thrilling and suspenseful Batman movie of this trilogy. And with Hans
Zimmer's background score, it just made it more epic !!Its starts when its 8 years from Harvey Dent's death and Batman has
retired. But there was a "storm coming" i.e. Bane. He may not be as
epic as Joker (Heath Ledger), but he is definitely much more powerful
and breaks Batman's back for which he is famous for in the comic books.
This time Batman really got the toughest competition of all because
even if he came back, he was broken, he had to RISE !!!To help him, comes the CATWOMAN/Seline Kyle. She might be a thief and
even stole from Bruce Wayne, but she has a heart, Batman and her make a
super cool team. The fight scenes are worth watching and she looks even
better than Batman on his Bat-bike.There are many many moments in the movie which are worth applauding,
specially the ones where Batman comes back. The background music is so
inspiring and thrilling that it will give you goosebumps every time.Other characters like John Blake, Fox, Alfred, Commissioner Gordon were
brilliant. Watch out for the character "Miranda Tete" !!This is just worth watching and after watching, if you give any less
than 10 to this, then - "Your punishment must be more severe" :D :DThe music is still ringing in my ears !
			
going to see the dark knight rises my question was how do you top the
dark knight and i was given my answer this film is simply amazing the
sound the action sequences everything is perfect Christian bale is
excellent once again as batman tom hardy is the perfect actor for bane
Anne Hathaway simply steals the show with every scene as cat woman,
Nolan has done an amazing job making this film simply the biggest movie
iv'e ever seen it has a run time of 2 hours 45mins but it never drags
there is always's something happening and i almost forgot to mention
that Gary oldman once again did a excellent job as Gordon. the film
ends with everyone at peace and with Robyn entering the batcave
hopefully they wont make another film as i don't think it can beat
this.
			
The most humane of batman franchise and the most brilliant too. Nolan
has raised the bar again. While the dark knight was more philosophical,
moral and grand, this is unequivocally Mr. Bruce Wayne's story and like
all human stories there is anger, disappointment, defeat and
resurrection. Luckily a brilliant cast and crew support this
magnificent story. I fail to describe whether Anne Hathaway looks
prettier or acts better. Michael Caine is the unsung hero of this
trilogy. Tom hardy has held his his own while Joker hit you
physiologically Bane has brutal physicality. Joseph Gordon Levitt is
like a breathe of fresh air. And yes-Christian bale is the soul- from a
confused angry youth (batman begins) to a tired old gloomy superhero
you have done it all.Selina Kyle: You think this can last? There's a storm coming, Mr.
Wayne. You and your friends better batten down the hatches, because
when it hits, you're all gonna wonder how you ever thought you could
live so large and leave so little for the rest of us. Well I can hear
the echo around me (occupy Wall street, Middle East, Europe); tell me
Mr. Nolan " are you prophetic"?
			
This movie is awe-inspiring. I really didn't think it would even meet
its own hype, let alone surpass it. When I heard the movie was three
hours long I assumed that Nolan had attempted to make this an epic
masterpiece and simply gone overboard. But he didn't miss a trick and
that three hours flies by. There are so many brilliant things about this movie. First of all,
Christian Bale gives his best performance. He was simply outstanding
and I've never felt more connected to the Batman character until now.
Secondly, flawless plot. There were points where I found myself
questioning the credibility of the plot, but believe me, by the end of
this film it will all come together. Truly, this is one of/if not THE
best plots for a film I've ever seen. A true cinematic masterpiece.
Thirdly, Hans Zimmer's music. This movie would not have made the hairs
stand on my neck like they did without the contribution of Hans
Zimmer's music. Every scene was made more suspenseful and more
spectacular by the backing of his music. All in all, this movie is simply mind blowing. The twists and turns,
the plot and the symbolism is other worldly. Nolan couldn't have
produced a more fitting ending for the trilogy and this is now in my
top 3, without a shadow of a doubt.
			
well were do i start, who thought i could honestly say i prefer this
movie to the dark knight and the avengers, and this is why: the movie
has such deep story line and such deep morals. bane doesn't try to out
perform the role or the amazing joker, this person is exactly what the
role needed, a slightly more human person, you learn through out batman
is still human and this point remains throughout, how ever ridiculous
the story is you still feel it is realistic as there are no super
powers involved. the ending was the best i have seen in a while, the
bluff of Wayne's death is amazing. the movie will lose and confuse a
lot of people who have not seen the other two films, but if you know
the story and all the characters you learn more and more about all you
need to, for example the league of shadows, and more impotently who
bane is. this all builds up to the biggest and best battle known to the
cinema, two greats fight and batman proves he is resilient to bane and
could of killed him, eventually being stabbed and the big twist
literally and with Selena (cat woman) saving batman this reminds you
that all he is is a man in a suit and is human, when we think batman is
dead we see people of Gotham mourning and we do really believe he is
dead, and when we see Alfred spot Bruce with Selena it reminds us
again, there was no super hero, just a man, a man trying make a
difference. the batman era has ended but not with just one hero,
Selena,Gordon,Alfred,fox and mostly, Robbin, the trick of using Robbin
but as a non super hero just a normal cop was genius, symbolising
anyone can make a difference. all together the writing and acting was
just phenomenal and will struggle to be beaten, this takes the rules of
film e.g. the good guy always wins, and flips it on its head, the full
cast and crew deserve so much praise for making a movie for the passion
of the cinema not just the money i know this is a bold statement but if
you study all of the movie it is just amazing, overall this movie is
the best way to cap off an amazing trilogy and is not just about the
action, it has a deep, dark meaning behind it all, it has more than any
other movie i have seen. the quotes and hidden signs, its a deep, well
thought out film which is why easily the best superhero movie out there
and maybe the best I've ever seen. don't believe me? watch it then
you'll understand how good it is. this movie really sets the standard
of movies, this movie is at the top of its league. as you read this yo
are now bored of me rambling on so i leave you with one last
question.... why do we fall?
			
Wow. After months of anticipation The Dark Knight Rises finally hit our
screens! With all the hype of 'The Avengers' and 'Spider-Man' I thought
that The Dark Knight Rises stood out from the rest. So, To start the
film off it starts out quite slow paced but gets faster and faster
through-out the film. Actors were superb. I thought that Bane was
carried out very well and Tom Hardy really shows us how crazy and
driven he is to success. This film just keeps getting better and
better! The Ending will at first shock you but then hype you up again
as a "little someone" is introduced. All in all The Dark Knight Rises
10/10
			
watched dark knight rises : :) :( :) well, people do question
Themselves as to what is the best thing that they have seen in their
lives....no matter where i go and what i see in future....dark knight
rises and the trilogy as a whole z certainly one of the gr8est thing
that i have witnessed in my life. Such brilliance can only be expected
from Chris Nolan and he delivers more than what was expected.
Absolutely stunning in visual effects with edge of the seat action
sequences and heart-thumping back ground score from the legendary Hans
Zimmer makes dis movie an all time great. This movie will absolutely
blow you away as Nolan has put all his cinematic excellence along with
an adrenaline pumping script which puts all the missing puzzles, all
the unanswered questions(right from the first movie) on the right
place. bale as the dark knight, Anna Hathaway as bat-girl, Marion
Cottilard as Miranda Tate, Joseph Gordon Lewitt as the ardent batman
follower and honest police office, Gary Oldman as Commissioner Gordon
and Michael Caine as Mr 'beloved' Alfred and brutal 'tom hardy' bane
all puts up magnificent performance. Like Nolan's earlier batman
movies, dis will take you through an emotional journey and suddenly u
start realizing that u have developed strong bond with all the
characters, and even it makes u weep at the end dark knight rises is
truly an epic conclusion that the batman trilogy deserves to have with
high drama, enormous action. if batman begins was a story of the making
of a superhero overcoming his fear and dark knight portrays a theme of
chaos, dark knight rises z a story of pain where Bruce 'Batman' Wayne
is tested to his mental and physical limits. The last 5 Min's specially
makes the audience go through a mixed emotion of tears and yet again a
sense of happiness that all z not lostYes, it is over, and he won't return but dis movie will make u go back
to your movie theaters more than once to have a glimpse of the gr8est
superhero witnessed in the history of Hollywood.
			
Bruce Wayne = Rich Capitalist = Mitt RomneyBatman = Bain Capital = Shadowy means by which to help Americans * Batman secures Gotham but makes mistakes* Bain Capital 80% success rate turning around failed companiesBane = Socialist = Obama (Anti-Corporate / "Spread the Wealth Around")Bane's Philosophy = "Return Gotham to the People" Bane's Henchmen = Occupy Wall Street = BLACK BLOC = James HolmesCatwoman = Disappointed 2008 Obama voters = Finally realizes that rich
people also care for the masses = Unites with Bruce Wayne.Back-broken Bruce Wayne in Pea Dura Prison = Americans who've lost
everything: money, family, will to live, etc.Bruce Wayne recovers through hard work & will power but still can not
climb out Prison pit. Bruce Wayne only climbs out, after he chooses to
climb with out the backup rope. This means the destruction of the
entitlement system.Batman transports the timed nuclear device out of the city. He could
"want to fail", as Alfred always feared. Instead he chooses auto-pilot
and reemerges later with Selina Kyle, living new lives, making Alfred
realize Bruce has finally let go.Wayne Manor is given over to the boys orphanage. This means we must
ensure the future of the next generation financially through fiscal
responsibility.Secretly John "Robin" Blake inherits the Batcave. The Bats Signal is
repaired. We must turn over to the next generation the guardianship of
Capitalism.
			
Well, like all other movies of Nolan, i went to the theater with very
high expectations, and yes, i must say,Nolan delivered the final part
of the dark knight trilogy with great expertise and brilliance . All the characters were aptly played and justified. Christian Bale is
always as usual on top of his form. Nobody could suit himself in the
role of Bane as Tom Hardy did. Not only his appearance looks fearsome,
but also his voice.Here i just want to talk about the movie as a whole.Might be the movie
a bit lengthy, but you wont get bored at any moment. This masterpiece
of Nolan has story,action,acting, great cinematography,superb special
effects, and it deals with life of each character individually and not
just general.And you will love the ending, Nolan didn't leave any
loopholes to be answered later by the critics. so, just go and watch the movie. Don't listen to judgment of others.You
will enjoy it. Probably this gonna be the best movie of 2012, and the
best super hero movie ever made. And this will be a serious contender
for the Oscars 12.
			
hi to all.. this film exceeds my expectations and i was very much
satisfy with this film. great screenplay with great surprises in the
film. this film will surely be the biggest hit of the year..if i have
to say something about the film then i have to say the film is
STUPENDOUS MARVELOUS ASTOUNDING AMAZING MAGNIFICENT WONDERFUL FANTASTIC
AWESOME FABULOUS DYNAMITE BRILLIANT RADICAL OUTSTANDING ELECTRIFYING.Christian Bale is extraordinary. Hans Zimmer background score is
another big plus point, its like a soul to the trilogy.i have to really appreciate Tom Hardy, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Anne
Hathaway, Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Marion Cotillard.
They are all the pillars of the film and they done their part superblyExcellent CastingA MUST WATCH FILM in 2012....
			
I have been excited about The Dark Knight Rises being released for a
long while. When I went to see it, I was really excited about it as
many things were anticipated for this film and it was the end of Chris
Nolans excellent trilogy.Whilst watching The Dark Knight Rises, I can clearly say that at bits
of this film, I was literally sitting on the edge of my seat, leaning
forward as it was so intense.It is one of my favourite films because there is something always
happening throughout the film that you have to follow. There are no
bits in the film where I was just sitting, waiting for something
exciting to happen.Also, the Special Effects (FX) in The Dark Knight Rises were amazing,
one of the best films to have really good special effects in. It was
realistic and clear and the effects at times were astonishing.Overall, I can safely say that everybody should go and see The Dark
Knight Rises as it is very exciting and emotional at times. The
anticipation of the film building up really pays off at the end.
			
I am writing this review for the second time. Earlier one was written
with a lot of emotions and loyalty to Nolan and Batman. But I guess
after around 10 days I am out of the dilemma. The film is no doubt the
best ending. But I want to express a lot of things which have now
questioned and pushed my thinking. When the first film of the series was released a new era of comic book
heroes originated. This was completely different from what was seen
earlier. Hats off to Christopher Nolan. This first part was dedicated
to the pain of batman. His initial struggle to learn everything was the
key feature of the film. We couldn't expect from the first film any
more than what was given. The second part of this trilogy was superior
to its predecessor in terms of batman's experience, mental power and
characters. The most important part of this film was Heath Ledger in
his iconic role of joker. His acting has been my favorite since I first
saw the film.The dark knight rises on the other hand is the end journey of the hero
of a city. Before reading further keep out the memories of batman
comics. Films and the books or comics on which they are made have a
very delicate relation. We have to learn to keep both of them apart.
First thing that I heard and which irritates me most is the comparison
of the two villains in the two films. Now just think how the film would
look if joker was in the film and with all other baddies had attacked
again on Gotham. With all the same chaos in his work and same thoughts,
wouldn't the film look like something of a repeated sort? So there
should be no doubt that a new villain was needed in the film. I don't
know much about the different enemies of Batman but I read somewhere
that the Riddler was going to be chosen for the lead villain. May be he
would have been good and would have competed in acting also because it
would have been Leonardo to act in that, but just think once again.
Don't we expect a superhero to fight rather than act and be a part of a
great story? In the first part the villain was a little bit of physical
in strength but again for most of the times Batman had to fight with
the side villains. Now wasn't it fair to test him physically at least
once. And we know this that joker was nothing when It came to strength.
In that sense Bane is the perfectly chosen villain for the film. In
fact he has a great mind too.PROS: There could not be much better ending for an epic trilogy like this.
From the starting there were so many characters in the film but all
were properly developed and by the second half we were comfortable with
them. The new role of Joseph Gordon Levitt was my best in the film. He
had the same sense of justice as Gordon and Bruce had in the first part
so it kind of takes you to the first part too. Another great thing was
that both the previous films were connected in this part which truly
completes the trilogy. The integral part of any of these three films
has been a nice story and it has been delivered in this part also with
complete satisfaction. The role of catwoman was mysterious and let it
be like that only. Some things better be left unsolved. The climax
scenes were beautiful and it is better to say that at that time each
and every person in the audience was awestruck. For four years I was
listening to the soundtrack of Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. And
my favorite composer has provided another epic soundtrack. The dialogs
by Alfred, Lucius and mostly bane combined with the fascinating
soundtrack are sure to get you goose bumps. CONS: Another thing that I read and felt also about the screenplay was some
plot holes which they say is a disappointment. I myself consider that
sometimes there were things which seemed too much but when after a few
days I myself realized my behavior and found that it was the nature of
the character which was built in our minds that made us all feel that
way. Because of these three films the image of Batman has changed all
together in our minds. We believe that he is a man after all. This
thing has become so firm in our minds that when he did anything
extraordinary our mind (which had the image of Batman as a normal human
being) could not accept that. So this is a mistake of our own which
made us feel that way. But still I do feel that some plot holes could
have been avoided but the man who has made the film and story should
have researched all possible options. There might not be a good
substitute for what we consider plot holes.So from my side there are a few tweaks here and there but they sure are
easily avoidable.VERDICT: "A must watch for every individual"
			
To begin, I wasn't a huge fan of Nolan's Batman films. I watched "The
Dark Knight" first in theaters four years ago, and I didn't think it
was that impressive (except for Heath Ledger's legendary performance as
the Joker). Then I watched "Batman Begins" for the sake of watching the
whole trilogy before this film came out and it was just as dull as "The
Dark Knight". So as you can tell, I wasn't really hyped for this film.
But boy did this film change my opinion on the Nolan trilogy. Despite
the film being slightly longer than "The Dark Knight", it kept me on
the edge of my seat. The visuals were great, the action sequences were
great, and the CHARACTERS WERE INTERESTING. Batman/Bruce Wayne in
particular was more interesting than the previous two films because he
is at the lowest point of his life. He's secluded and antagonized by
the public, his abilities as the charismatic billionaire and Batman has
diminished because of the previous events in "The Dark Knight". His
internal and external struggle is strongly portrayed by Bale. Bane was
another interesting villain who possessed the same level of
intimidation and charisma as Ledger's Joker. Anne Hathaway's Catwoman
wasn't memorable as Michelle Pfeiffer's in "Batman Returns" but was way
more interesting than Harvey Dent or even Maggie Gyllenhhal's Rachel
from "The Dark Knight". Other supporting casts such as Gary Oldman and
Michael Caine gave solid performances. The story certainly had more of
the essence of "Batman Begins" than "The Dark Knight", but definitely
tied the trilogy together very nicely. The drama wasn't draggy and
overdone like "The Dark Knight". In the end, "The Dark Knight Rises"
firmly establishes Nolan's Batman trilogy and as a solid addition to
the Batman film franchise since Tim Burton's "Batman".
			
//DARK KNIGHT RISES// At first glance, it's epic. It's emotional. It
has the Inception formula. Traditional reveals and tie knots a la
Memento backed up by Zimmer's "Dan..Dan..Dan....Dan...Dan..." theme
that injects your spine with a dose of chills. BUT, on a second view,
my analytical senses started to tingle. Nolan cuts all logic. And he
cuts fast! Fine, I don't care how Bruce returns to Gotham or how a
chase commences at day and ends at night...hey as long as the Batpod's
wheel rotates on both X and Y axis, again couldn't care less. It's the
irrational "matters" that the film is build upon is a bit
disappointing. In my opinion, I didn't find it too long. In fact I
wanted more. But an other 15 minutes to tie in the "tie-ins" would have
been a master stroke. Thus said, is this the best of the trilogy? Hands
down, no. Is this an epic conclusion? Yes. Definitely!
			
Nolan has set the bar high, very high. He has two top-notch film about
bats and now comes the third and final part of a trilogy, the late
Ledger grabbed an Oscar for the role of the Joker, 4 years waiting,
numerous pictures, trailers (even shorter film clips) that are coming
out in the last year that us at least a little satisfy their hunger and
thirst. For me this is the most anticipated movie of the year
(apologies to Mr. Jackson and dwarfs), and generally come alongside
Lord of the Rings . It is also known as the third film of the series
someone not too good, or at best, are a little weaker than the first
two, bring disappointment. In this film played by the names really
impressive team: the the Academy Award winner Freeman, Caine,
Cotilliard and Bale, Oldman has the nomination, and Hardy, Levitt and
Hathaway (nominated) are one of the best young actors in the world. The
rating to IMDb very high. Higher expectations I could have and then it
happens that, at last, comes the film, quickly reserved ticket for the
next available date and looked brilliant 164 minutes to fully justify
the expectations so much that I was now a little sorry for what I've
looked at because it is almost , no more. Nolan (my favorite director
in recent times) is all made shitting in the ear canal by recording
movie in 2D technique and recorded the best opening in the history of
2D and 3 total. Bale has impressed me in the film, top performance is
Bruce Wayne, his best in the trilogy, certainly, and in general could
reach the top only. Hardy as Bane is so good that you'll forget where
some joker who will make you seem like a clown with some children's
parties or birthdays. Bane say that it is dangerous like saying that to
the sun warm. You could write a lot, but I'm afraid I can not jump the
gun and find out something before you see the movie in full. In the
end, when the movie ended, I had that feeling when you feel bad for
what something is over, when you're under a great impression when you
just do not want to get up when they start to flow loans. And this
feeling I have only a couple of times, including the last Dark Knight. Mistake, it is difficult to be found, perhaps one thing what I 
predicted a year ago that could happen in the movie, but of course it
will not (publicly) discover. So pure ten without any objections. Nolan
blame only what does not shoot often, but wait every time two years is
a lot.
			
One of my favorite movies ever. The epic conclusion to the epic trilogy
was a success. Christopher Nolan created another masterpiece. Because
of ending to The Dark Knight (2008), it gave a whole storyline for
Rises.The reason it is called "Rises" is because The Batman rises from the
shadows to stop Bane.Warning Spoilers Ahead: When Batman is dropped in the pit (Hell on Earth), there's only one way
out: to rise out, which only one person has successfully done.The story has some references to Batman Begins (2005) like the tag
line: Why Do We Fall? Just to sum it all up: Best film of 2012!
			
Well I thought the dark knight was the ceiling for all superhero
movies, but Nolan proved me wrong again. I don't think it was better
than TDK, but it was right there with it. Honestly I thought bane was
one of the coolest villains I've ever seen. I thought he was just below
or right there with the joker from TDK. Acting of course top notch like
all Nolan movies. It was epic everything about it was epic the villain,
his plot, and the challenges Batman had to overcome. If you don't
believe me about the movie being good just look at all the haters with
the bad reviews and read them. They are all micro-criticizing the
movie. I have answers to all the haters. People who say that bane was
demoted to a dumb henchman (which I didn't like the end that much
either because the way he got thrown off the scene) are wrong Talia
told him at the end to keep Batman alive, and he didn't care he was
ready to shoot his head right as she left. Also all the people who asks
how he got on the island after the prison escape its a superhero movie
that's like asking well how does superman fly magically who cares! If
Nolan showed you every detail the movie would be 6 hours. For example
when Alfred is leaving Bruce do you want them to show Alfred packing
his bags...NO!!! BATMAN IS A SNEAKY and mysterious and a SUPERHERO
PEOPLE GET CAUGHT UP I'M THE REALISM, BUT REMEMBER IT'S A SUPERHERO
MOVIE. AND PLEASE ALL THE PEOPLE WHO CAN'T UNDERSTAND BANE well its
simple...get a HEARING AID. There was also some people saying why does
Bane randomly hate Batman well he and Talia are pretty close and Talia
hate Batman because he killed her father. And why was there a
bat-copter on the roof of a sky scraper. Well sorry bane couldn't check
every roof of Gotham for a bat copter while he's bringing a revolution
upon Gotham. Why is there a rope outside of the prison where batman
escaped well they have to somehow lower people they capture down. The
people who try to criticize this movie are looking to deep into
everything and trying to find a way to criticize it. Yes this movie has
flaws, but what movie doesn't show me the last perfect movie. The thing
about the best movies are they overcome the flaws. And that is what
TDKR did. It did this with the acting, the action scenes, and bane. The
movie is sheer greatness, and an epic way to end an epic trilogy. (IN
MY OPINION THE BEST TRILOGY EVER.)
			
Nolan has done justice to each and every role in the movie. If you ever
to know the actual roles played by the protagonists and antagonists in
the batman comics.. or watched the animated series(for those who're
bored or i have other stuff to do weirdo's) ... every character in the
movie or the entire trilogy is accounted for. Ra's Al Ghul was a tyrant
who was chaotic, but with a motive, ... tried to destroy gotham in the
first movie, .. but batman foils the plan.. and gets recognition in
gotham as the the new vigilante that criminals run scared... that
continues in the second when all the criminal kingpins like cats, when
cornered try to fight back .. and make the mistake of hiring joker, who
they underestimate and take for any regular criminal who follows
orders... but he had a mind of his own.. to prove a point (that one
day.. call it the most unfortunate... of his ... where everything fell
apart.. and drove him insane... no matter how much of an earthly and
sane life he wanted to spend.. all that story's he tells.. that creeps
the sh*t out of people.. he wants to see the fear in them...) that even
the most regular, normal, sane and law abiding citizen of any country..
when pushed to the edge can fall into the abyss of that unending chaos
of a life.. where rules, emotions, .. pain and suffering does not
matter.. what matters only.. is to prove a point.. comes into
picture... but batman prevails... making himself take the blame .. just
to prove his own point that he learnt from harvey "that you die a hero
or live long enough to become a villain .." in the eyes of the
society... then comes the third part of the trilogy where the dark
knight in exile .. underestimates his opponent who is hell bent on
destroying gotham to fulfill the promise of ra's al ghul.. from the
first movie(all connected) ... and also that all his(batman's) effort
to save gotham is beyond saving.. (dont we feel with all these
shootouts, chaos, sorrow, and the innocent dying for no apparent
reason.. that this world is beyond saving.. that there is no hope..
tell me there is probably only a fool who still has hope for this city,
state, country, nation or world .. and that my friends was the batman
character.. one who didn't give up that fools hope) ... bane comes into
picture with talia.. ra's al ghul 's legacy..who according to comics
..infact does fall in love with batman.. but cannot leave her father's
side.. and darkknight satisfies all of them... here the character
catwoman is a common man..(who shares the same feeling she did in the
movie about the world) .. so all in all it's a true justice, a perfect
ending and an immense DESHI BASARA to character of the darkknight..
			
Christopher Nolan had a lot of living up to with the runaway critical
and audience successes of Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. In this
concluding volume, we are introduced to the masked terrorist Bane, as
he covertly subverts a CIA plane and swiftly proceeds to exterminate
the crew. His physical prowess is matched only by his talents for
cruelty and breaking people in mind and spirit.Cut to Gotham, where Commissioner Gordon gives a speech on the eighth
anniversary of Harvey Dent's death. Not only is it now a public
holiday, but it made possible the passage of legislation that empowered
the police to round up a thousand members of organised crime. The war
on crime appears to be won (with their next task, according to a young
officer by the name of Blake, being chasing up overdue library books).
Power-hungry politicians predict Gordon's early retirement, courtesy of
the mayor. After all, who needs heroes in a time of universal peace? A
week is a long time in politics, and eight years is an even longer time
for Bruce Wayne, who has become disheveled, disillusioned and jaded.
The loss of Rachel Dawes has turned him into a cripple with a goatee.There is action, romance and black humour aplenty (Johnathan Crane
makes a brief appearance in the movie's latter half). While there are a
few elements in common with The Dark Knight, these do not detract from
the overall entertainment value of the film. Plotwise, everything comes
full circle, character development is wrapped up very nicely, and there
is little more that one could ask from a summer blockbuster. Although
clocking in at 2 hours and forty minutes (before credits), nothing
feels padded out.Unexpected twists abound, but without giving too much away, The Dark
Knight Rises boldly goes where no other Batman film has gone before.
This is an action film that borders on horror.This is edge-of-your-seat entertainment with a profound meaning. It is
impossible to watch this film without rethinking the foundations that
our 21st-century society has been built on.
			
Just nails you down. Director and the cast's performances are
brilliant. After watching these movies ,the enjoyment which is being
taken from the art of cinema increasing fast. The legacy which has
being watched for 1989 reached its summit. sometimes i think these kind
of series-movies are limited in scenario, cast and particularly in
fluency but this movie is one of the best instance of the anti-thought
of mine. i can see there are people out there who can do their work
best. i wish these people make their mind to carry out new projects
which will nail us down to our chairs in the future and i believe they
will achieve.
			
This film is without doubt the best superhero movie of all time! It
brings emotion and excitement to the viewers. The whole trilogy ties
together in one big circle. Grab tissues for the ending, raw emotion.
This film is that good I watched it several times at the cinemas.Already pre-ordered the Limited Edition Blu-ray of this film. This film
will always have a place in my heart! A must see before you die! Make
sure you see Batman Begins & The Dark Knight before viewing the final
one. Bane starts his own revolution in Gotham City and pushes The Batman to
his Physical limit. I didn't think the Joker would be beaten as a
villain but Tom Hardy pulls it off easily. Selina Kyle (Catwomen)
steals the show for me. A lot was going against Anne Hathaway in this
film, but she pulled it off. Michael Caine (Alfred) is the heart of
this film which is also one of his best performances i have ever seen.
Gary Oldman (Commissioner Jim Gordon) is spectacular as usual. 10/10 Easy
			
What a movie. I am not exactly sure why some people are giving this
movie such low reviews, perhaps there are just some people who cannot
be pleased. I have always been a fan of Batman, but this movie brought
it to a whole new level. As a Batman movie, it's unbelievable;
everything a fan could ask for. As a motion picture, it's phenomenal,
with great plot, character development, and a breath-taking score for
the ages. Christopher Nolan has truly created an unparalleled superhero
movie, to which composer Hans Zimmer has crafted an ingenious and
compelling score.The acting is truly spot on. Christian Bale is great as Bruce
Wayne/Batman, and Michael Caine (Alfred) gives one of the most
emotional performances I have ever seen. Anne Hathaway does a stellar
job as Selena Kyle/Catwoman, and Tom Hardy's Bane is truly a force to
be reckoned with. I went into this movie with significantly lower
expectations than The Dark Knight (how could even Nolan top that?). Not
only was I pleasantly surprised, I was astounded. A fantastic and
satisfying ending to an unbelievable trilogy.
			
I waited for that film for so long, and it didn't let me down in the
end. This was the greatest of the three new batman films in my opinion.
The actors were amazing and the story was very interesting to follow. I
really liked batman fighting for his freedom and for returning to save
gotham. Bane was a bad ass and Catwoman just awesome. I really liked
the beginning in the plane and especially one of catwoman's scenes. The
action was epic, especially the big fight in the city between gothams
people and the prisoners. The surprise in the end scene was the best,
which I will not mention in this review - it was a great thing for all
batman fans. I was very pleased when I walked out of the theatre and
now I need to have the DVD, right now!
			
"The Dark Knight Rises" is a truly amazing film that pushes the
boundaries of superhero movies in general. Director Christopher Nolan
has once again constructed a film with great acting, a brilliantly
concocted plot, and a memorable finale.Following the events of 2008's "The Dark Knight", "TDKR" picks up 8
years later. Batman is public enemy #1, and Bruce Wayne (Christian
Bale) is a recluse. Haunted by the memories of his past, Bruce confines
himself to the aging halls of Wayne Manor. He springs back into action
to stop a sinister plot by the nefarious Bane (Tom Hardy). The acting in the film is spot on. Bale gives a tremendous performance
as the tormented Bruce Wayne. In the supporting cast, Morgan Freeman
and Michael Caine are also (as per usual) very good. Tom Hardy gives an
extraordinary performance as Bane, and shows so much emotion by only
using his eyes. Phenomenal. Though, the best performance may go to
Joseph Gordon-Levitt as the optimistic police detective, John Blake.
JGL captures the optimism and determination that once fueled both the
Batman and Jim Gordon.Now myself, being a huge Batman fan, found the Nolan did a great job
incorporating different Batman mythos, like "The Dark Knight Returns,"
which chronicled Bruce Wayne returning to his role of the Batman. Also,
the game "Batman: Arkham City" can be seen in some aspects of the
story.The finale of the film is as brilliant as it could be. I won't give
anything away, but Nolan perfectly wraps up the series like a master.The verdict: "TDKR" is a masterfully made film by my favorite director,
Chris Nolan. Yes, it is my favorite movie ever, because of its
thrilling story, gritty action, and top-notch acting. A+
			
The Dark Knight Rises is not quite as good as The Dark Knight. However
that was some extreme heights to live up to. This movie is easily the
best movie of the year so far, and in my opinion the best movie since
The Dark Knight. Christopher Nolan continues to show his incredible
talents on the big screen. Every scene was exciting. My only large
issue with the movie is the end. I feel that if the movie was 10
minutes longer it would've been clearer and better. It's not Nolan's
fault but it's because IMAX reals run for 2 hours 45 minutes and that's
how long the movie is. One thing that I especially think has improved
on this one, compared to Nolan's other movies, is the fighting. The
hand-to-hand combat sequences are superb. Every movie of his has gotten
better with it. In Batman Begins it was only passable, in The Dark
Knight it was good but not great, and in Inception it was great, now in
The Dark Knight Rises it is Outstanding. Honestly guys this is the
movie we've all been waiting for with a few small gripes I love this
movie. And chances are that you've seen it. 9.5/10
			
This post is essentially a-sort-of-eulogy to Nolan's Batman movies. You
can skip it if you can't be bothered of such trivial things in life ;)
Now that the trilogy is wrapped and done, I can free my mind of
thoughts that has almost haunted me for the past few years. What an
amazing ride it has been!! I never cared much about comic books. The
only ones that was easily accessible to me as a kid was phantom. No
spider-man, no super-man for me. When the movies came out, I watched
them only as movies. Not a comic book fan. I still watch them only as a
movie fan.So when this misplaced 'Batman begins' was released and its 'making'
was repeatedly aired, I dint bother. Who was batman? Some nut who
suited up, he even has two side-kicks. Now how can that qualify for a
sane movie-watching experience? How wrong I was!. It took a spout of
serious boredom and complete lack of possibilities of productive usage
of time that coaxed me into watching Batman begins some many years ago.
I should say my love for movies has never been the same again.The first one was a sort of establishing story with the back story for
Bruce Wayne, his early days, motivation, beliefs, and the arrival of
Batman. Everything was told in a very grounded manner, the first for a
comic book movie. All characters are written as close to real life as
possible. The fact that batman has no super powers also helps a great
deal. The most important part of the movie is Bruce's Ninja days. The
conept of facing one's fear and making it an ally to defeat your
enemies seemed very unique and very proper for the storyline. The part
that moved me the most is young Bruce's loss and misery and the
subsequent anger. The sequence for Batman's arrival is a thing to
relish for years.The Dark Knight Rises: Needless to say that this was one of the most
awaited movies of all time. I was afraid of it being a let down due to
the very high standard set by its predecessor. Luckily this move is not
at all comparable to The Dark Knight. It is a story that has the
responsibility of tieing up every loose end. It needs to complete the
evolution of Bruce's character and in a way end batman. These are huge
asks and The Dark Knight did not have this burden. The villain Bane is
not the joker. He is in fact the other end of the curve. Cold,
calculating, gargantuan in physical intimidation and exhibits a wanton
interest for left wing order.I was most happy about how all things were tied up neatly and a very
acceptable and satisfying end for the batman was presented. I think
most fans would agree that this was the most emotional of the lot. We
fall and then rise with Bruce and Batman. We gripe and cringe for him.
His pain is ours, inclusive of the broken vertebrae . Every re-entry of
batman was a celebration in the theatre. The suggestive direction of
the franchise at the end is so very refreshing and made me really
happy. I will not forget the image of John Blake standing in the bat
cave for quite sometime to come :) There are a lot of things to
nitpick, especially in the third edition. But now is not the time for
it. For now, I am more than content to take in the beauty of this
marvellous piece of film making and of course reminiscing every bit of
excitement this trilogy has given me.P.S: This post was first read by my husband. And at his very persistent
insistence, I need to make a mention of the bat mobile or bat pod. They
have done a tire-roll stunt with it, which makes your jaw drop every
time, no matter how many times you watch it. To think that the piece is
actually a fully working motor bike is really something!
			
I won't spoil it for anyone who hasn't seen it, but this final film is
set 8 years after the events of the dark knight and follows the story
of a reclusive Bruce Wayne who must step back into action when the
safety of Gotham is threatened by a mysterious mercenary, only known as
Bane.incredibly enjoyable from start to finish, with a few unexpected
twists and an immensely satisfying conclusion. One which left me with a
huge smile on my face. Whether it is as good or even better than the
dark knight is a matter of personal choice and preference, personally I
feel it is as good as the dark knight,thou I feel the dark knight Is a
film that can never be beat by any other comic based movie. Another
point to note is that in order to truly enjoy the experience I'd advise
seeing it in IMAX, as a large portion of the film was filmed using IMAX
cameras, thus giving you a much sharper picture to enjoy.Truly the film the world deserves!
			
With the most satisfied end of any trilogy, this is the best movie of
2012. Just love to see Christian Bale as BATMAN trilogy and TDKR is the
best of all.Excellent performance from all the cast, especially Christian Bale,
Anne Hathaway, Joseph Gordon Levitt.Exceptional movie as compared to recent release such as AMAZING
SPIDERMAN, POTC4 etc. Even with 164min of run time, the movie never
become boring or dragged. Every scene is just outstanding.Recently i was disappointed with POTC movie and the harry Potter ending
along with Amazing Spider Man re-boot, but TDKR not only satisfy with
its end, but as a trilogy it proves to be the best.As per my review the movie is Beautiful, Perfect ,Immense and
Spectacular.
			
Anyone who says that they didn't like this movie either doesn't like
super hero movies or just has the attention span of a gnat.This is by far the best of the three (and the first two were great).There was a very tightly-written storyline in this movie. I can't say
much about the story itself without giving away important details. If
you have not yet seen this movie & plan to do so, do not let anyone
spoil it for you.I literally could not stop smiling after the end of this movie - it was
that good.Would pay to see it again in a heartbeat.Best movie (not just the best super hero movie) that I have seen since
"Gladiator."Iam just in awe..i bow down
			
To everybody you gave this movie one star you do not have good taste in
movies and to the person said it have no plot and without batman watch
the movie 5 more times because the main plot of the movie is for Gotham
needing batman again after Bane wreaked havoc in Gotham and Batman =
Bruce Wayne so Batman is in the movie. And the movies is based in
several years after Bane broke Batman's back. Talia Al Ghul was a big
shock for me so that made the movie even better and yes it was a great
conclusion to Chris Nolan's batman trilogy cant wait till it comes on
Blu-ray and Chris should have made bane just like in the comic book
cause the apparatus in the mask wasn't for pain it was to make him
strong thats why he was a very tough foe for batman.
			
Excellent work by Christopher Nolan to finish the Batman trilogy, I
think the Dark Knight movie was one of the best, especially with the
acting of the Joker, but really this long lasting cinematic movie is
really a great job. The special effects are great and the old
characters in the movie (Morgan Freeman and Michael Cane) does not seem
to pass years in the trilogy. The movie is well suited to the other
two, follows the plot of the same. Good Starring by Anne Hathaway as
the Catwoman and Joseph Gordon Levitt as the new Robin.I think it will be a sequel to Dark Knight, i hope to see more DC
sequels in the next years to come, I love Marvel Movies, but DC has
been doing a great job with Dark Knight...
			
Every once in a while, you find a movie that is flawless in every way.
Well, I'm glad to say this final part of the Dark Knight trilogy is
such a movie. The soundtrack composed by Hans Zimmer is astounding,
deep, horrific, and fits Batman perfectly. The acting by Christian
Bale, Gary Oldman, and Michael Caine are as you would expect,
fantastic. Tom Hardy and Anne Hathaway were the stars of this movie for
me. Tom's performance as Bane is brutal and monstrous while Anne's
Catwoman is sly and sharp. The storyline is also amazing and you will
not see some plot twists coming. Similar to The Dark Knight, The Dark
Knight Rises is a perfect movie and a perfect ending to the trilogy.
10/10
			
First of all I want to say, I was a little hesitant seeing this movie.
Partially because while the films were great I had a few Nitpicks on
it. Specifically the way Bale and to an extent Nolan made the portrayal
of Batman. Bale had to play multiple roles, there was Bruce Wayne
public mode: The Drunken Billionaire Playboy, Bruce Wayne private mode:
the sad angry man before he becomes the bat and then The Batman, the
near legendary figure that criminals tell scary stories about. Bale was
good at both Bruces and body language wise (such as the Joker
interrogation.) he was a good Batman, but that voice was so irritating.
The fight scenes were barely visible because during the fights someone
always blocks the camera, all you could see was the fist being raised
and the guy on the receiving end falling over. When rises came around I
saw some surprising changes, one Bale's Batman voice became less
irritating and more intimidating. When he interrogated Bane he actually
sounded ticked off and not just pulling an act to scare him. 2 I could
see the fights, more specifically the fights between him and Bane, and
they were better than what Begins and Dark Knight did. The free for all
in the climax looked almost shot for shot like a modern day version of
Enter The Dragon's final fight. The fixed nitpicks aside, Rises is by
far the best of the three, sorry Heath you are a great Joker, but Rises
was the better movie. Now all we need is a good editor to fit them all
together like they did the Godfather Saga.
			
I asked myself some month ago: Is it possible for the dark knight rises
to beat the masterful movie of the dark knight? Yes is the answer.
Unbelievable storyteller. It feels like your heart is beating in
hundred from the start of the movie until the end. Great characters and
Tom Hardy as Bane really surprised me. With all do respect of the
famous Joker but now Bruce Wayne meet a man stronger than himself.
Freeman, Bale, Oldman, Caine and of course in the front Nolan which is
a genius director this movie can't be anything else than success. Of
all the 250 000 000 dollars Nolan put in on this movie you can imagine
yourself. The special effects, the music and of course all the new bat
gadgets. See it or miss the movie of the century! The dark knight rises
			
Like with every other Christopher Nolan's movies, the Dark Knight Rises
gives what the audience and the fans deserve.. It has been fantastically directed and brought the Batman franchise
even to a higher level.During the entire movie, I felt goosebumps all over my body and I can
still not believe the power this movie has unleashed... Definitely see
this in Imax, because only then the action and special effects become
real. Amazing!!! He has done it again..
			
Since I had to see it with German audio yesterday, the only negative
point that I got is the voice of Bane, but I believe this is a general
hot topic , talking about the movie, but looking at the movie that is
easily forgiven.The movie is build up on his two prequels and leads hand in hand with
them into his great ending. There is nothing less to say, that this
ending cannot leave anyone unsatisfied, who is familiar with the
Batman- Franchise. I'm not saying that the only great thing about the
movie would be his ending - The great work of Nolan, the great actors,
there is so much to talk about. But that is not necessary. Believe me,
the perfect rating is objective.I agree with everyone who says, that "The Dark Knight" is nearly
perfect, thanks to the great work of Heath Ledger, but if you give "The
Dark Knight Rises" the chance, and by reading this review I assume you
already did, you will be surprised but in a good way, that there is
more but the Joker in the Batman-Universe.
			
Its taken me a while after actually watching "The Dark knight rises" to
realise just how good it actually was. Everyone's going on about how
its not as good as "The Dark knight." But sorry, I've decided to
disagree. Although I can understand some people being disappointed in
it, I've got to admit to being overwhelmed by how good it actually was.
"The Dark knight" was great mainly because off Heath Ledgers
performance as the Joker. While this follow-up is awesome for so many
more reasons.God bless Christopher Nolan. He and the rest off the team behind this
batman trilogy have totally gotten everything right this time round.
This third instalment has a great story like "Batman begins" and a
great villain like "The Dark knight." And again he proves that his
choice off actors will (despite doubts) benefit the movie. Anne
Hathaway is better than you ever could off expected as Cat-woman (Is
hot too!) while Tom Hardy looks seriously menacing and is totally
bad-ass as Bane. All the characters get their time to shine (Unlike
underused 2-face the last time round) and even Christian Bale seems
less ridiculous this time as Batman. True we actually see more off
Bruce Wayne throughout the movie, but perhaps this is for the best. It
adds to the mystery that's supposed to surround the Batman character.
And lets face it, having less off Bales over the top gruffly voice is a
bonus.The Action in the film is also better than in the previous movies. They
had their moments action-wise. But this one has several. Sorry if I
keep comparing this to the other movies. But it knows itself that it
has a lot to live up too. And it connects itself to the other flicks in
a great way. Giving off a feeling that something big is actually
ending. Instead off just being another adventure. This truelly works in
the films favour. As most, if not all superhero movies have to keep the
door open hoping for another (probably lame) sequel.I could complain that its too long. But that would be me talking
rubbish. "The Dark knight" felt way longer with all that nonsense on
the boats at the end. Every scene in this actually longer movie feels
justified, and keeps the story moving. Some may complain that there's
too much talking or that Banes a poor choice off villain. But Nolans
capable hands have taken the franchise in a totally different direction
from one everyone else would off gone in, and I applaud it. He's
catered more toward the fans, and people who actually want a plot to
come first. "The Dark knight rises" is another great story, instead off
just being another "villain of the week" superhero movie.This and "The Avengers" make 2012 an outstanding year for superhero
movies. One that'll be long remembered when the genre no doubt plummets
in the foreseeable future.
			
If you haven't seen it yet then you are wasting precious time. The
movie is excellent. Of course you have the action but it is more than
that. This final movie of the trilogy really pushes the Batman
character. He is tested physically and psychologically. The events
develop in the same time as the character. If you are expecting just
dumb action, this is not the movie for you. The cast is excellent and
they did their up-most to transmit the pain and anguish the characters
are experiencing. Tom Hardy is excellent in the role of Bane. He takes
back the reality of the character: he is a general, a strategist and a
torturer both physically and psychologically for Batman. He is the
ultimate enemy and the biggest surprise ... you will understand at the
end.Tom Hardy had to work with his voice and eyes for this movie and he did
an excellent job. At the end when Talia tells Batman the story about
Bane, the prison and the excommunication from the league of shadows...
the look on his face when she says that he loved her was incredible.
His total expression changed. Considering he had a mask on the face and
still be able to see the difference says a lot about the actors
performance.You are in for a few surprises that I will not divulge. Let's just say,
the isolated Gotham is a sight to behold. It is beautiful and
mind-blowing.I think this is my favourite Batman movie and I am so happy it was not
filmed in 3D. Very good choice from Christopher Nolan.This is my favourite of the three. No offence to Heath Ledger, he was
great it The Dark Knight. But for me Bane and Tom Hardy were even
greater. Great lines, great tension and great performance.
			
As a saying goes all good things must come to an end, most third or
even final entries to a franchise most of the time disappoint me, to me
a proper finale shouldn't just have the biggest final fight but the
character/characters have to be at their best. This film has both those
things and to me makes this franchise one of the best trilogies up
there with the "Star Wars Trilogy" (episodes 4-6 to be exact) and "Lord
of the Rings" I personally can't think of a better way to end it, and
this will sound controversial but this film is my favorite in the
series.As usual everything works, production value is on par, music score is
great. The action sequences were great, I really loved seeing Batman
use the Batwing, though personally my favorite vehicle will always be
the Bat Pod. But my favorite one was in the two one on one fights
against Bane which were intense but also rather suspenseful.But most of all the characters and their dynamics. The new villain Bane
(played brilliantly by Tom Hardy) doesn't disappoint. This guy is
physically and verbally intimidating and scary, from what he does and
one look at him I couldn't help but be a little worried for
Bruce/Batman's life. I like the voice reminds me of Lord Humungus from
"The Road Warrior" but some of the things he says could really put a
chill down your spine. But anyway Bane is sort of a modern day Atila
the Hun, a ruthless, merciless, borderline insane conquerer hellbent on
completing the objective from the League of Shadows which is to
annihilate Gotham and destroy Batman's physically and spiritually. His
plans and action feel frighteningly plausible if any organization or
leader of it is smart and crazy enough. Indeed things do get out of
control as we see Bane along with his league and scum of Gotham take
over the city, kinda like in the movie "Escape from New York" where the
imprisoned criminals have created a world of their own.But to me the real people that drove the film are Bruce/Batman and
Selena/Catwoman. As usual my favorite actor Christian Bale plays
Bruce/Batman well. Here we see that the business of being has taken
it's toll on him physically and may'be even mentally. The main problem
with him is that he hasn't really moved on because he doesn't have
anyone to move on with so he feels he has no future.Anne Halfaway is just awesome as Selena/Catwoman. Not just does she
look great in the cat suit and mask (and without them) but has the
persona to boot. I love how she's feisty, fiery, has charisma, an
unpredictability about her, but she is a bit sympathetic because you
can tell she wants something more out of life and she has a conscious.
Love her martial arts moves, their sort of gymnastic like. She has a
low opinion on men, she isn't sexist she's just had bad experiences
with them, don't blame her most have been scum or windbags. As well a
prejudice to the higher class because she feels they waste there money
on themselves instead of helping others.The chemistry between both of them I think is great, there really are
sparks flying between the two. Both of them truly are the same, split
right down to the center. Despite her prejudice toward Bruce's social
status she does fancys him, from their interaction time she easily
forgets he's rich in fact doesn't even care, likewise for Bruce and on
further not he's not really rich anymore he actually becomes broke so
you can say both are on equal ground. But both also have dual
identities and almost similar abilities, like one moment when she
disappear from Batman when he looks away for a moment. To me I feel
that part of what love is that it shouldn't matter, whether it be race,
religion, social status, or any other feature, it's what two people
feel for one another that matters.If their are themes it's simply about moving on and being yourself and
why there has to still be heroes in the world. Bruce we see is learning
the hard way that being a superhero isn't just a responsibility but
that it's a business and like all businesses it loves no one back it
can go on even without him; he's getting older and has physically taken
his toll. But he also realizes how his personal life has became empty
and he doesn't want to live that way anymore he can't. In a way I feel
that's another part of what it means to be a superhero, to learn to be
yourself because that really is what the world needs the most just you.The Dark Knight Rises toward the light of day.Rating: 4 stars
			
Neil Patrick Harris would be amazing for the part you look at him and
he really fits the part. I hope some one finds this and makes this
movie you should keep all of the original actors just add Neil as the
"Riddler". To me it would be the coolest movie ever i'm not really sure
why. I'm not good at writing this type of stuff I run out of things to
say but I think this is the best movie idea ever anyone who agrees
should defiantly speak up cause if they made that movie I don't really
know how to put it in words it would just be epic. So in closing i just
really hope some one higher up will read this and tell the genius
director Christopher Nolan so they can make this epic movie.
			
Walking out of the theater, I had a spring in my step. I felt fully
satisfied with Batman's conclusion and had no doubt Nolan would take
care of a character beloved by so many. The movie weaves together the
previous two film which truly makes it a trilogy story. I wouldn't
suggest going to see this movie until you given yourself a refresher on
the previous two.The characters all have their part to play. No one character was
singled out and left by the wayside. It was not just about one
character like TDK's Joker, but all the characters help weave the story
together as a whole. The amount of detail and depth is staggering and
having drawn to the previous two movies, Nolan's makes his own Batman
mythology.My biggest surprise was how Anna Hathaway handled Catwoman. This was
the true representation of Catwoman. She's flawed like many of us, with
an contradicting morals but still has heart and a tough as nail
fighter. Not to mention drop dead gorgeous and knows how to use her
femme fatal. Each time I watch it, I love her more and more. Her one
liners was what gave the story humor in an otherwise dark and serious
film.As the last movie, this was also Bruce Wayne/ Batman's journey. The
first movie he begins with anger and fear and ends in this movie with
embracing fear and letting go of anger. A humanizing aspect that we all
appreciate, about a man who conquered his demons after much trials and
tragedy. He rises up. It finally ends on a hopeful note and brings all
of Batman's actions into full circle.
			
The best batman movie yet . Anne Hathaway was an incredible Selina
Kyle, Christopher Nolan knew how to develop her character in a matter
of minutes.She did a pristine job of showcasing the complexities of Selina Kyle's
personality. Christian Bale, as always, nails it as Bruce and Batman- in trilogy he
reveals more of himself. His character evolves where is is not just the
"Dark Knight" and Bruce Wayne, the "billionaire playboy," he is a
product of both, and Nolan does a great job of this. The biggest surprise for me though, was how Tom Hardy as Bane. I really
though going into the film, that it would be an overkill of
superheroes. how could one film develop all the characters, within
120mins? But Chris Nolan did it again. He did it. Bane was a well spoken,
intense, anarchist mercenary - with a vengeance .Loved it.
			
Just got back a few hours ago and boy am I still pumped! Can't think of
a better way for this trilogy. Have to say that I enjoyed it better
then The Dark Knight in terms of well, just everything. Not going to spoil it for those that haven't yet seen it but I will say
that there were more then a few times where the phrase "didn't see that
one coming," came into play...The action sequences, and just well-I
couldn't find a single flaw within the entire movie. Had my on the edge
of my seat for most of the movie.Guess the word epic applies here. Very nicely done by the collaborative
efforts of all the cast. Kudos to all-a very nice job indeed. Nice
ending to a splendid trilogy! Will continue to enjoy more projects from
this group of very talented veterans/individuals in the future as well.May have been 8 years for all, but have a feeling anyone that trys to
undertake any project after this last show will have some huge shoes to
try and fill.Words can't really express without giving anything else away so your
best bet would be to go see it and judge for yourself!Happy viewing!
			
Absolutely magnificent finish to the batman trilogy. Film of 2012 so
far. Watched this first time around expecting to blasted away, and yep
i guessed right it did exactly that! Special effects, story line and
acting made this film spectacular to watch, mainly the special effects
will BLOW YOU AWAY. Bane was actually menacing everything he did made
you feel apart of gotham city, it was that surreal!For those of you reading critics reviews and others slagging of the
movie need to ignore these. Some people clearly have no idea of the
batman story line so therefore they will make up stuff to put the film
down. This film is purposefully fixated around Bane as this is done in
the comic books. Not to worry as all the characters come into the story
at perfect times. All in all you have to watch this film ASAP, I promise you will not be
disappointed! Trust Christopher Nolan and ignore the low life critics!
			
I'm sorry if that's a spoiler, but I had to highlight one of my
favorite moments of the movie. The way Batman reveals to Gordon that he
is Bruce Wayne is just full of emotion. I mean, wow, this movie is on
par with The Dark Knight and reveals what is for me the perfect and
fitting ending to the whole Nolan saga!The film debuted yesterday, July 27th here in my city, and I'm already
feeling compelled to watch it again next week!What a wonderful conclusion to a trilogy!!And as for the comic book references, wow! We have Knightfall, we have
Frank Miller's Dark Knight Returns, we have lots of key moments from
other Batman stories involving characters like Alfred, and... man! We
even have a veiled Robin reference in the movie! I won't tell you how
the movie brings that up, but I promise you: you'll find it genius! I
never imagined that Nolan would be able to work with so much and made
it all perfect sense of it!!I'm serious, 2:45 hours seems little for what is presented to us on
screen! This man never ceases to amaze me!!Thank you Nolan, thank you for another great, wonderful movie!
			
First of all I had a long time that I don't write any reviews, but this
movie deserves a review. Christopher Nolan and his crew did a
tremendous job in TDK and surpased in all ways my expectations with the
latest installment of the Batman, and I had very high expectations with
this one. I was very sleepy before entering to the movie theather, but
this movie is so amazing that it had me engaged from the beginning to
the end. T0his movie has even more characters than the previous ones,
and Nolan (writer as well the director) managed to give all the screen
time enough to accomplish this masterpiece. Christian Bale is even
better in TDKR and more believable man , we see that he is perfect as
both batman / Bruce Wayne, and the important of all is that this guy do
not have superpowers as all the other comic book characters, this is a
simple men with high tech and the will to fulfil his objective. In the
other hand We have Bane, played by Tom Hardy, this guy is simply a
terrorist, and looks very menacing in every scene he is in; Tom Hardy
had to gain a lot of weight to look as big as he looks in this movie; I
had doubts with Anne Hathaway as Selina Lyle / Catwoman, but she
managed to do a good job as well. The others were good as usual, from
Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine and the two new additions
Marion Cotillard and Joseph Gordon-Levitt were also good. This movie is
one of the largest scales and is more ambitious than any movie that I
have seen, the gadgets, introducing this time a new one, the bat!.. and
yes, Luscious Fox is showing off with this one!.. and the locations and
cinematography is simply amazing. Im sure if you liked the previous one
you will like this movie as the definitive ending to the Dark Knight
saga. I give this movie a 10/10 and I hope to see it again and again
and again.. it's almost three hours long but you will be very
entertained, believe me.
			
I absolutely loved the movie. I am just unsure on whether or not Bruce
Wayne is dead. Currently I am in belief that he is dead. I think this
because the explosion from the bomb was too massive to escape. Also,
Alfred told Batman how he always wished/imagined that he would see
Bruce someday at a caf on his holiday, and I believe the scene at the
end was just Alfred imagining Bruce and Selena sitting at the table.
Some may say that Alfred had never seen or knew about Bruce and Selena,
and how could he imagine them two if he didn't even know that they were
'friends'. However, in the same scene that Alfred was telling Bruce
about how he always wished/imagined he would see Bruce at the caf,
they were talking about how Selena was a very good thief, and Alfred
said to Bruce, "you two should exchange notes over coffee". Now this
could mean that he was in fact imagining it at the end, and Bruce Wayne
was in fact killed in the explosion.
			
To those who have yet to see this movie,I warn you,brace yourselves.
Some movies are good,others are great,but very few leave an impact so
grand that other films must simply trail in its existence. This picture
brings to a conclusion one of the most applauded trilogies of all time.
It brings to mind one word-excellence. As usual, great acting. Bale
gives life to the amazing batman, Hardy astonishes as Bane and Hathaway
fit the film like a glove on a hand,but in the end its all Nolan. Nolan
has once again proved himself to be one of the greatest story tellers
of all time.Though not filled with iconic lines or epic performances,
the story is so well put together that it stirs the emotions within the
viewers. It rightfully deserves a spot alongside the greatest.
Definitely a 10/10.
			
Well, in 2006 I started to watch Nolan's bat trilogy, In that time I
was not a bat-fan, after I watch batman begins, my opinions change
drastically, them after two more years The Dark Knight comes, and I
become a true fan of the cast, of the saga, of composers, of Chris
Nolan. I have wait for four long years for this movie, I watched the
premiere, and all of that time waiting for the conclusion worth, this
movie have blow up TDK and Batman Begins away, much better! Tom Hardy
is the perfect choice for Bane, Anne as cat woman is a perfect deal, by
far the best cat woman(Personnaly I don't like her, but in this movie
she was awesome!)Christian Bale is always a great actor, one of the
best in Hollywood! THE DARK KNIGHT RISES IS NOT ONLY THE BEST IN THE
SAGA, BUT IS THE BEST MOVIE THAT I HAVE EVER WATCHED! between a lot of
other movies that I have watched this one is far better, you will feel
the emotion while watching this movie, and maybe even cry, this movie
deserves a high review than 10 but unfortunately this is the maximum
score of IMDb
			
Right, first of all, to all of you haters out there who have labelled
this film with such poor reviews....you must have watched the first
two, so why on earth did you waste your time with this one just to give
it such a rough time reviewing it! You knew what you were in for! OK, the review.....this was indeed a fitting end to a fantastic
trilogy. Trilogy's over the years are normally boring you to tears by
the time the 3rd film comes along and there hasn't been a decent
trilogy from first film to third since LOTR. But there is no doubt this
is trilogy of the decade!! The acting from all concerned was superb.
Bale, what a fantastic Bruce Wayne he has been! In this we see how
trying his best to save gotham has taken its physically and mental toll
on Wayne and the batman. He is bruised, battered and tired and you can
feel that there is going to be an end to this batman and he is willing
to make the ultimate sacrifice! Bale, the perfect choice to play the
caped crusader! Caine, what a performance! His portrayal of Alfred throughout has been
brilliant but in this we see how much Wayne means to him and Caine
squeezes out every ounce of emotion as he tries to convince Wayne not
to take on Bane for fear of losing him! An excellent performance and a
pleasure to watch! Hardy, playing the ultimate villain. Nowhere near as crazed or manic as
the joker and in no way unpredictable but Hardy played Bane
brilliantly. You can't tell me that you would not fear this man?!?!
Bane had strength, speed, an army, and intelligence! The only enemy of
the Bat to beat him. The two fights they do have you feel every punch,
kick and strike each of them throw at each other. Batmans fury as he
tries his damnedest to beat Bane in the sewer fight was awesome! Hathaway, she did indeed surpass herself in this with the best catwoman
to date! Just perfect! Oldman, Freeman and Lewitt were all equally as
fantastic! What Nolan has done with this comic book hero, is move him away from
the cheesy, far fetched stuff and made him believable. This is
certainly what us comic book geeks have been waiting for and it has
indeed been worth the wait!! I wish I could write more but I feel I
would not have enough time to review this film as much as I would like.
All I will say to you is, watch this film and it will blow you away!
Well done to all concerned with making this film! The true fans salute
you!!!
			
I saw this film twice this week the first time firstly in i max & then
on a normal screen , go & see it in I max if you possibly can. The
movie races along from the epic opening sequence that is a true
adrenalin rush to the final epic encounters. Everyone plays their part
to perfection , Morgan Freeman & Michael Caine are great at being
Morgan Freeman & Michael Caine. If you thought Heath Ledger was awesome
as the joker wait till you meet Bane a truly mesmerizing villain. The
story is superbly interwoven & ties up all the threads of the first two
movies & offers a completely satisfactory conclusion to this trilogy.
The batman movies make in my opinion every other comic book adaptation
seem like what they are fillers & cartoon window dressing. Christian
Bale is the perfect Batman & I had always been vaguely indifferent to
Anne Hathaway till I saw her as cat woman , sexy vulnerable &
compelling. If you only see one movie this year save up & see this on I
max , if you only see two see this twice its Brilliant.
			
It's slow to get moving. And I could only understand half of what Bain
was saying trough that mask. However, "The Dark Knight Rises" was
stunning, dismaying, and enthralling, all at the same time. It's the
fruition of the Occupy Wallstreet Fantasy, and the truth about where it
would really lead us--into the Hell and atrocities of another French
Revolution. I suspect that is what is annoying those who hate this
film.This film goes beyond the fantasy of being the Dark Knight into the
toll it would take on your body and your soul. It brings the fantasy of
the super hero into the stark light of reality, and reality is
unforgiving.I strongly recommend this film. It's one of the best I've seen in
years. I can't wait until it comes out on Blu-ray, so I can turn on the
captions and learn the other half of what Bain was mumbling. LOL!
			
the dark knight rises has been getting rave reviews from most of the
people who have seen it,and i have become one of the large number of
people who have watched it and find it very satisfying.it is a perfect
ending to what i feel is the greatest superhero trilogy of all time.the plot is already well known .To be concise,it happens eight years
after the batman took the fall for two face crimes.terrorist bane has
arrived in Gotham and has hatched a master plan to hold the city at
ransom.the batman comes out of his self imposed exile for one last time
to counter bane with the help of the cat woman.but the problem is that
bane seems to be more than a match for the batman this time around.first of all ,the performances are solid as expected from the great
cast of the movie.Anna Hathaway is surprisingly refreshing.Michael
Caine provides the emotional quotient early on and the love that Alfred
has for Bruce Wayne is explored more in this movie than its
predecessor. you only wish that he shares more screen space.bale as
Wayne takes the cake with what i feel is his best performance in the
trilogy.freeman and old man are solid as always.tom hardy caters to the
exact need of bane character considering there is little emotion
involved.Gordon-Levitt plays a stand out performance as well.the fight sequences are engaging with the visuals more pleasing to the
eye than TDK.the screenplay is superb and so is the
cinematography.music by Hans zimmer is quite effective.the direction is
top notch.yet there are more plot holes than in TDK.i felt that a
little too many layers of stories are cramped in the movie ,ultimately
betraying the final experience.however no shame in branding the movie
very good.the movie is not as dark and gritty as the TDK.i did not feel as
emotionally attached to characters as i was in TDK. i feel that
expecting a movie on par with its predecessor may leave you
disappointed,but these two films should not be compared.finally,you
cannot help but bow down to the visionary that is Christopher Nolan
			
The Dark Knight rises is a perfect ending to an awe-inspiring series
that is Batman. The plot line splits into many and comes back together
seamlessly, with little plot holes or confusion. The inclusion of
Catwoman and Robin makes the series embrace the comics and serves as a
fitting ending to the trilogy. This is the best film of the decade, the
best action film of all time. The plot lives up to the film's title, with Batman coming out of
retirement and Robin taking his place giving everybody a great sense of
closure and stratification to this fantastic trilogy,with all the plot
lines closing so there are no questions left to be answered.A true sense of fear is brought to the film, and the hopelessness to
victory was a great watch, conveyed in a longer time, which I always
like to see. The hostage of the city was plausible, and the action
scenes great.My hat's off Nolan, already he is becoming one of the greatest
directors of all time. Bring on Man of Steel!
			
I saw The Dark Night Rises yesterday and the only way to describe the
feeling is with the word unique. Nolan left a very high point in the
history of superhero movies. Excellent performances of Bale, Caine,
Gordon-Lewitt, Oldman, Hathaway, Cotillard, Freeman and Hardy.Drama, action, suspense, a very complex thriller with great special
effects but these just as a good background to a fantastic actor's
play.Thanks to Nolan, we can expect now more elaborate scripts for movies
like Man of Steel, Spiderman and those yet to come.Unforgettable, you can't miss it.Daniel Pez P.
			
This film has had a ridiculous amount of hype, which I believe it's
more than lived up to. I sympathised for Tom Hardy to begin with, having to play the villain
that followed Ledger's role as the Joker. But wow did he do an amazing
job as Bane. In the first scene I was a little sceptical about his
voice, but as the film developed it became more and more 'awesome' to
use a technical term. He really made it clear that Bane was both
physically and intellectually superior to the Batman. Anne Hathaway was
superb as Catwoman. She managed to play the role with the intelligence
and sexiness that has never been effectively captured in previous
portrayals of the character. Bale's acting as both Bruce Wayne and the
Batman was brilliant as per usual as was the acting of Morgan Freeman,
Gary Oldman and Michael Caine. Miranda Tate was probably the least
developed character in the movie, but considering the reveal towards
the end of the film it's completely understandable as to why this is
so. For me, the stand-out role was from Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Right
throughout the film he has a pivotal role and plays a huge part in both
getting the Batman into action again and uncovering Bane's plans as
well as going on to be a great help to Batman himself. This I feel is
good and clearly done intentionally by Christopher Nolan due to the
reveal at the end of the film (plus it gives me hope of a Nightwing
film/trilogy). The score too, was flipping fantastic. It really helped to make the
film what it was. Hans Zimmer has once again created a true masterpiece
in musical terms. In fact this is one of the very few film soundtracks
that I have ever purchased, tracks like 'Gotham's Reckoning' and 'Rise'
just have so much atmosphere about them.The plot was great too. This is the one film this year that I have gone
into the film genuinely not knowing what was going to happen. Nolan
does a brilliant job keeping both plot and plot twists unknown to the
general public on the run-up to the release of a film and The Dark
Knight Rises had quite a few bits and bobs thrown our way that I did
not expect. Though after watching the film multiple times it becomes
clearer earlier and earlier that said twist was coming. My favourite
thing about the plot was how effectively it brought both Batman Begins
and The Dark Knight into it, the way that this film merged the two into
it truly does make it the perfect ending to the trilogy.I have noticed a couple of possible blunders, such as the continuity
error with Miranda Tate. She appears before the court with Gordon and
the other police and is taken to Bane. The next scene sees her with
Lucius Fox as Wayne returns. Not minutes later she is back with Bane.
Another thing I noticed with this film was to do with the timing. The
chase between the cops, Batman and Bane after the stock exchange
incident I can let slide as we can imagine the chase takes a long time
(it's light when the chase starts, dusky midway through, then when
Batman is almost apprehended it's pitch black) though later in the film
a couple of things irked me. The final battle is about to happen,
Batman says to Catwoman they have 45 minutes to save the city, and it's
pitch black in the sky. Moments later the sky is nice and bright and
the bomb is still displaying about 15 minutes until detonation. My
final irk was that between Talia Al Ghul leaving Bane with Batman and
Batman reaching his vehicle AND catching up to Talia and the bomb, the
bomb only displays a 40 second difference. Yet between those events she
walks outside, gets in a Tumbler, catches up the truck carrying the
bomb and jumps from the Tumbler to the truck. Batman is punched to the
ground by Bane, almost shot with a shotgun before Bane is blown to
smithereens by Catwoman. Batman then finds his vehicle and has to fly
to catch-up with Talia and the truck, all whilst nursing a knife wound.
It just seems a little too much for 40 seconds. Still, these are the
only things that irked me throughout the entire 2 hours and 44 minutes
of epic screen time. Not bad at all when you consider the amount of
blunders apparent in the Avengers.Overall this really is the perfect finish to the trilogy. It certainly
exceeded my expectations (which were already bloody high). The Dark
Knight was my favourite film of all time, and Batman Begins was easily
in my top 10. But after seeing the Dark Knight Rises for the 1st time,
it was obvious it had nicked the top spot for me. This film is a true
masterpiece (you don't get into the top 10 highest rated films of all
time on IMDb within 6 days of release for nothing!) and Christopher
Nolan has proved once again that he is one of the greatest film-makers
of today, I'm very glad to know he's been helping with Man of Steel.
I've now seen this film 3 times already and still struggled to put into
words just how highly I rate this film. Bravo Mr. Nolan, my hat's off
to you.
			
First of all, Nolan has made the greatest trilogy of all time, and
while the film probably won't demand repeat viewings like The Dark
Knight, it's narrative structure and beautiful photography by Pfister,
make this film the superior one in the series.Where the first movie explored fear, and the second movie chaos and
anarchy, this film is based on redemption and pain, because as many
people have stated, both Bane and Bruce experience pain throughout the
movie.And this is what makes Bane an interesting villain, because he is the
polar opposite to Batman, but the same, as Nichy once said, 'you stare
into the abyss long enough, it will stare back at you'. Bane is Batmans
abyss, what he could have become if he had joined the League.Structurally the movie fits in perfectly with the others, and this is
what makes this the best trilogy of all. Everyonr is dedicated to
Nolans vision, from the cast, to the crew, they believe in what he has
done, and this makes it better viewing for the audience.The cast are fantastic, and the question of the ending? it's perfect,
Wayne has paid his due to Gotham, and Gotham to him, after all it took
away his parents, and made him unhinged. But this movie finally, shows
him at peace, and the last scene confirms that this epic trilogy is
over.It's sad to think this, Nolan resurrected a franchise that went out of
control, and then some, and has managed to give the movie a conclusion,
that not only respects the source material, but the movie goer too.A must see, and the best film of the year so far.
			
Undoubtedly the best of the series. The BAT is the high-light of the
movie and CatWoman on Batman's bike looks much better than Christian
Bale himself. The character of Bane is also well portrayed. Only
disappointment was the character of Talia. Some more action scenes for
her should've done the trick. This is a must-watch and I suggest all
you guys to first see the first two parts before heading for this one..
(I've got friends who went to see the TDKR without seeing BB or TDK)Mind-blowing action scenes and a superb direction. Hats off to Nolan!!I've already seen this movie twice @ Cinepolis Bangalore(India) and
have tickets booked @ IMAX now.
			
its 0400 in the morning, just finished watching the dark knight rises
in the IMAX waterloo.. 'wow'!!! weren't too sure how they could top the
dark knight, but glad to say 'Mr Nolan' did!! a truly cinematic
experience and not an ounce of 3d crap!! cant see how tdkr cannot win
an Oscar, especially if 'the return of the king' can?? the film on an
acting and emotional level is what made me fall in love with cinema in
the first place. Mr bale is the definitive batman unlikely to ever be
topped, same goes for Mr Caine's Alfred, Mr oldmans Jim Gordan, Mr
Freeman's Lucius fox, Mr hardy's bane and ms Hathaway's cat-woman.'again wow'!! cant wait for the blue ray copy.. peace..
			
A phenomenal film!!! ALL HAIL Christopher Nolan!!!! Where to begin It
is so hard for me to ever enjoy a summer blockbuster, because I am to
easily wrapped up in all the hype that is Hollywood. So by the time I
get to the movie my expectations are so unbelievable high, it's nearly
impossible for me to enjoy anything that Hollywood is spitting out.
However, this is not the case for Christopher Nolan's third and
possibly final exclamation point to his highly successful Dark Knight
series. The film truly lives up to all the hype, and is a wonderful
conclusion to the Dark Knight trilogy, and at the same time it segway's
brilliantly to a new and exciting chapter for the Batman franchise.The film's opening six-minute introduction to the film's main villain
"Bane" set the stage for all things good in this movie. A beautifully
executed sequence. The film's success has to be attributed to its
villains, and Tom Hardy's Bane and Anne Hathaway's Cat Woman are
fantastic in the film. After Heath Ledger's Academy Award winning role
as the Joker, you would be hard pressed to find another villain with
was as much tenacity. However, I assure you that Tom Hardy's Bane has
as much (if not more) evilness, ruthlessness, distrainment,
loathsomeness, and zero ounce of decency, as Ledger's Joker. "Bane"
command the screen, he is truly evil, and it is fair to say, that he is
possibly the most wicked person to ever villainize the silver screen.
However, not to be out shined, Anne Hathaway's Cat Woman is bright,
cunning, competent, self-absorbed, and all things a man is easily
attracted to in a woman, and she is able to hold her own on screen with
the likes of both Bane and Christian Bale's Batman / Bruce Wayne.The cinematography and CGI are top-notch, and exactly what you have
come to expect in a Christopher Nolan epic. As Bane hold's Gotham City
hostage, the chaos/reign of terror that he bestows on the city is truly
a sight to behold. Batman has few new toys this time around as well,
and I just love Morgan Freeman's Fox character!!! I really enjoyed this
film, and I highly recommend it!!!! An emphatic "TWO THUMBS UP"!!!!
This film should be seen on the big screen and/or IMAX. It does not
disappoint, and is worth investing the extra money to enhance your
viewing experience!! As stated above, the film does put closure to the
"Dark Knight" chapter of the Batman series; however, the door has
definitely been left ajar for Hollywood's next great director to step
up to the plate. So enjoy this film with the knowledge that Christopher
Nolan has just possibly finished one of the greatest most profitable
trilogies in recent Hollywood history. SEE MORE OF MY REVIEWS ON FB @
"THE FARIS REEL"!!!
			
The Dark Knight Rises -- Not the usual superhero movie....Christopher
Nolan ends his batman franchise spectacularly. An action packed,
thoughtful, ambitious film which misses the high standards set by its
predecessor by a scratch. FRESH-- Not the usual same old same old...The
fact that the director managed to pack the huge storyline into a good
package which entertains the audience is amazing. Though Nolan's series
comes to a halt, the legacy of batman continues and one can hope to see
another take on batman sometime soon. A must watch definitely. The
movie makes one to search for reality within the virtuality. The
storyline is huge and therefore you are not going to get out of your
seat anytime soon, but believe me you would get more than what you
would pay. All the characters play their roles admirably and executes
them in style. The music is awesome as always, thanks to Zimmer. The
score is amazing for the full length of the movie. A deserving finale
to an epic story. I Don't want to leak any spoilers over here so i will
stop here :)
			
I really can't give nothing but a TEN for this movie. I was lucky
enough to get some free tickets before the premier so I could
experience this masterpiece.It is quite difficult to summarize it because it has so much in it. It
is full of emotions which feels absolutely real while you are sitting
there and watching the hero as he is struggling inside.It is not a usual super hero movie but I am sure you already know it
because you have seen the other two episodes. Within there are several
messages which you do not really expect from this kind of movie but
this fact makes the whole story much more living. The dialogs are
strong and meaningful,the actors are absolutely magnificent.The fact that Batman/Wayne does not have any super skills just makes it
even better because he needs faith to succeed not the power. He has to
get up every time and he has to find himself to beat there enemies.In addition there is a great trick in the end which will make you WOW.This piece of work is just phenomenal. And the fact that it can grow
higher than the Dark Knight makes it a MUST SEE! So get out and buy
some tickets!
			
After this film I have to hand to Christopher Nolan for coming back
into the DC territory after making another masterpiece inception.This
apparently is the last of the dark knight trilogy but it isn't the
weakest.Bane played by Tom Hardy was so amazing he had a screen
presence more daring and interesting than the dark knight's joker
performance by Heath Ledger.That's not it there's catwoman played by
the lovely Ann Hathaway.Out of all the batman films this one has more
of a story to tell.Christian bale is tied with being the best batman of
all time with Michael Keaton in my book.The running time didn't change
a damn thing for me it was so fast paced even at the "slow parts" it
was still epic.I've have also noticed that each batman movie made by
Christopher Nolan moves closer to the comic books and the dark knight
rises gets the closest to the comic books.This movie for me is pure
perfection by being a comic book movie and opening up the batman mythos
for future installments.And also story has some very well put twists
and turns and also great character development. Alright spoiling
time,when john Blake is turned out be nightwing/robin/Batman (I prefer
Nightwing) I was so infectiously happy.The ending was so had that whole
feeling like inception where it felt so serial.But when Alfred see's
Bruce Wayne at a caf you see a glimpse of saline kyle turning her face
so in my theory the batman series will continue with nightwing as his
apprentice.Also Lucius fox hints twenty minutes into the movie that the
bat-plane or hovercraft needs it remote control fixed so batman lives
okay the way I see it he lives.Also the whole way they incorporated
tali was brilliant and well throughout.Marion cotillard played her role
so low key I was tricked.The mysterious man in the hole prison I
thought was Ra's al ghul protecting the child bane but bane was the
mysterious masked man.And for all those people that had a problem with
bane's voice that's pretty much Christopher Nolan telling you to go see
dark knight rises in IMAX.Whne there was a small but a pivotal role in
how the story plays out Scarecrow returned I was in nirvana.Then
there's another thing when Bruce Wayne and Miranda tat/Talia ghul Are
sitting by the fire pretty much after sex there's another batman
installment(s)on the way for sure.Everyone get prepared for
robin/Damian Wayne.
			
bold, intense, smart and emotional. the third installment in Chris
nolans batman trilogy is all of the above. as with all films its not
without flaws, with that said it's everything we needed from the last
installment of dark knight trilogyset 8 years after the dark knight you find a damaged Bruce wayne not
just physically but emotionally, this I really think helps Christian
bale really flex his acting muscles I personally found him quite flat
in tdk, Michael Caine as Alfred once again for me is the heart of this
movie, I feel he makes its accessible and real. there are some new
additions such as tom hardy as bane, physically a very powerful
performance you really get this feeling that batman does not stand a
Chance against this force of nature, I am still not completely sold on
the voice however on second viewing It did grow on me, Joseph Gordon
levitt is another newbie as beat cop John blake, he was a real surprise
for me, I won't get into his character to much but its a rousing
performance and last but not least Anne Hathaway as Selina kyle aka
catwoman this performance I loved she had a presence about her a cocky
confidence if you will which really worked for me.Hans Zimmer for me again delivers a fantastic score really makes the
scenes feel powerful and epic, but I also like the fact that in the
first encounter between bane and batman there is no music, which I
think is a stroke of genius, it really makes you feel every blowI did find the plot at the beginning a touch messy but when your trying
to introduce new characters its more damage limitation in that sense
unless you want to make a 4 hour movie. beyond that it feels tense and
the 2 hours 45 flies byas I said at start its not faultless but one of my all time favourite
movies. bravo Christopher Nolan you have truly delivered a comic book
movie trilogy that sets a new standard.
			
I can say its better than earlier bat man movies.Its a really master
peace of the Nolan.His hard work is well identified from this
movie.Every scene is really very important in this movie.I can say
every scene has twist in this movie.Tom Hardy is really Superb.He has
Perfect villain role for the perfect movie.My some friends don't like that much this movie because they wanted to
see Superhero kind of movie and it was Superhero type movie but it is
with strong story base movie. Its almost 3 hours movie but you cant be bored of the story.It was well
above my expectation.I hope i can see more movies like this in this year.
			
The two years of wait bore fruit when once again we got to experience a
magnum opus - The Dark Knight Rises, the final chapter in the greatest
trilogy at the hands of undoubtedly the best director in the world
right now, Christopher Nolan. I was fortunate enough to get to watch it
in the opening weekend and without any spoilers.To start with, the plot is complete, meticulously articulated and
succeeds in keeping even the most seasoned movie-buffs guessing.
Considering that there were no plans of making a sequel to TDK until
Feb 2010, the flawless connections made to the story-line from previous
two movies are appreciable. Each and every thread introduced, is tied
into some knot in the end leaving the viewer content. After starting
with a brilliant action sequence, the movie may seem a little slow, but
its where Nolan weaves the web. It later picks up pace in its untangle
and ends with a break-neck speed in a sensational and unprecedented
climax. The action scenes are planted and carried out exceptionally
well with the introduction of some cool new Bat-gadgets, which was one
of the major attractions.As each installment of the series is defined by the foes the Batman
faces, this one is no different. The earlier parts were made memorable
by a resolute Ra's al Ghul and the cunning Joker. Though the untimely
demise of the legendary actor Heath Ledger and his unmatchable
portrayal of the Joker in the previous edition had left a daunting task
in front of the TDKR team in the villain department, I must say they
have come up with an evil enough and certainly the toughest opponent
Batman has ever faced, in Bane who, Unlike Joker, is a man with a plan.The extent of thinking done in making the movie, be it a scene or the
set or the background score is just mind-blowing. Nolan has
brainstormed some clever usage of conditions bearing analogy with few
of the things from earlier movies which make Bruce reprise the heroics
he did when he began donning the hood, which was a masterstroke. Hans
Zimmer (due to his and Nolan's chemistry, James Newton Howard refused
to do scores for this movie, as he felt like a third wheel) has once
again dug deep and brought up a complementing score, specially
mentionable the chants for ' the rise '(which has thousands of fan
voices recorded into it). Also, the IMAX scenes are a visual treat and
ensure that the death of the IMAX camera, that Nolan broke in his
experimentation, does not go in vain.Talking of the actor-character chemistry- Christian Bale gives another
stunning performance as Batman and far more mature one as Bruce Wayne.
He is the new Mr. Dependable who never fails. And never before in the
saga or in any other of the superhero movies, is the emotional battle
of the hero in handling his alter ego shown as closely as in TDKR . The
movie, as my friend points out, kinda resembles Batman Begins in that
aspect. Unlike TDK, where we get vibes of watching the movie in third
person. Michael Caine's intense and earnest portrayal of his character
Alfred Pennyworth is surely worth every penny; Hats off to him! Gary
Oldman (Commissioner Gordon), Morgan Freeman(Fox), Marion Cotillard
(Miranda Tate) and Gordon-Levitt (Blake) carry out their job with no
hiccups. Christopher Nolan certainly has a Midas touch when it comes to
actors. Once an actor undergoes the Nolan treatment, he/she just
blossoms through his/her career. We have seen that happen to Tom Hardy,
Gordon Levitt and now with Hathaway. The best performers of the movie I
think are Anne Hathaway and Tom Hardy for sure. The cat, I opine, is
Hathaway's best performance till date. She has swayed the cat as if she
owns it. Not only in using her feminine deceptive emoting but also in
the kick-ass fight sequences in her stilettos, she seems so believable.Last but not the least, Tom Hardy has brought to life another epic
villain. Working in Nolan's biggest movie, playing the primary villain,
and not having your face to act with is the toughest challenge an actor
can face. With the script binding his face he had only eye-brows and
voice to make do with, and boy! has he done wonders with it. His
thunderous voice needs no background score. His physique rivals that of
the masked vigilante and has emoted Bane's inspiration (which is one of
the pivotal storyline aspect to lookout for) masterfully.A standing ovation for this one. Go watch it if you haven't already.
Nothing more i can say... Deh-shay, bah-sah-rah, bah-sah-rah !!!
			
My expectations were so high after watching "THE DARK KNIGHT" and
Trailers of this movie. I was afraid that it won't be able to stand up
to my expectations. But I was completely blown. I was thrilled and excited from very
starting till the end.THE DARK KNIGHT was my favorite movie till now. Now, it's THE DARK
KNIGHT RISES.The trilogy ended so well. This movie really made my day.BUT Once is never enough for Nolan's movies. Gonna watch again and
again!Waiting for another awesome Nolan's movie...
			
I went to see this film with low expectations and the film far exceeded
them. It is a nice trick I learned, helped me enjoy The Amazing
Spider-man more too. I just knew this film was not going to be as good
as the second film and I thought it would be to long and there would be
other problems with the plot. I still like the second one best, but
this one was really good too. As you can see I gave all three in the
trilogy 10's which will bring upon the hatred of people who for this or
that reason did not like the Nolan films. I do not really understand
those who liked the first two films not liking this one as it plays out
in the same way, it is not vastly different in the least. It also
seemed a lot shorter than its long running time suggested it would. I
was hooked the entire time, I cannot believe how many said this film
was boring. To each their own, I know for reasons unknown there was
this war between all the comic book films released this summer, each
claiming their movie was going to be superior, being a fan of comics I
enjoyed all three a whole lot. Honestly, I do not get a dime from these
films so the only reason I would care about the box office is for two
of the films to have sequels green lighted. This one though is the
finale, so this one's take means nothing to me. Its enjoyment value to
me does and it did not disappoint in that regard.The story has Gotham basically at peace. Thanks to Batman taking the
fall for Harvey Dent, most of Gotham's criminals are locked away in
prison. Commissioner Gordon regrets letting Batman take the fall, and
it is clearly eating away at him to the point he keeps a speech where
he will reveal the truth to Gotham, but he just cannot bring himself to
do that. Instead he praises each day the man who tried to take his
son's life. Bruce has become a recluse, his days as Batman now
seemingly gone. He is consumed by thoughts of Rachel and is unable to
move on. However, Selena Kyle steals a necklace and his fingerprints
and this sparks a bit of life in him and a terrorist named Bane brings
back the bat. Things will get much worse though before this criminal
can be taken care of as Gotham will be pushed to the very brink of
annihilation by Bane, who has secrets he keeps in the shadows.Once again the cast is superb, I enjoyed the portrayals of Catwoman and
Bane in this film. I do not understand why so many complain of Anne's
Catwoman, I thought it was the cutest one yet. Well I will say she and
Lee Merriwether from the 60's are tied. I just thought Michelle
Phifer's was to pale and Halle Berry's to much like a stripper.
Granted, attractiveness is all a matter of taste, so I will not
begrudge people who they thought was the best. I will say though I did
like the fact that here Catwoman is just a cat burglar as I believe
that is more in the lines with the comics. Bane was also done well, as
he may not be getting steroids pumped into him, Nolan was still able to
give him the same basic weakness as the Bane from the comics. I also
liked how he was able to make Bane look as if he towered over Batman,
yet I believe Bale is actually taller than Hardy. All the rest of the
cast is great two, but I mainly wanted to go over the two villains.
Most of the others are characters we have seen before. Though there was
an interesting addition of a young cop that played out nicely for me.Nolan nearly did the entire movie right, at least in my eyes. There
were a couple of areas that could have been improved upon, but in this
I may just be nitpicking. I would of liked some mention of the Joker in
this one. It could of been the clown prince of crime caused this or
something simple. I understand perfectly why no one was recast in the
role, but why make no mention of the Joker at all? Granted, this is not
the issue I expected it to be as the way scenes played out there was no
need to mention him, I just think it would be cool if they did mention
Batman's greatest nemesis. My guess is if Heath Ledger did not die, he
would of been in this movie as there are story arc's with Joker and
Bane in the comics, usually with the Joker getting pulverized. The
ending to the film seems to be up for debate too, for whatever reasons
I am not sure. It is an 'is he' or 'isn't he' type thing. Me I think it
was pretty clear what occurred and the ones thinking hallucination are
just looking to much into it, however, it does not hurt anything if
this is what they believe and if they enjoy making these theories more
power to them. I liked the way it ended though, as there was so much
pain and tragedy that it was nice to see some happiness finally come to
the character.So I did enjoy this film a lot and I did like the entire trilogy. It
was nice to have a comic book series where the third film was not
significantly weaker than the second movie. Like I stated above, the
main reason I preferred the second one this time was a preference to
the villains...they are my two favorites. This one though ended the
story bringing it to a nice close as the Dark Knight indeed did rise.
			
Being a fan of the batman trilogy I was kind of skeptical when I saw
the trailers. A man in a gas mask? Doesn't seem too scary. But after
watching this I was blown away. Blown away by the actors and actresses
performances, the stunts, and the awesome explosions. Anne Hathaway
surprisingly pulled off catwomen really well which at first i didn't
think she could do I loved everything about this movie, well maybe not
everything...I didn't absolutely love the ending but it was pretty
good. Now all I want is Christian Bale kicking more butt on the big
screen!I hope that there will be another Batman movie in the future!
			
"The Dark Knight Rises" is a bittersweet viewing experience, an
exhilarating dramatic adventure so fully engaging that when it reaches
it's powerful and emotional climax, you leave the theater feeling like
you are saying goodbye to a dear f...friend you will never see again
that makes this the crown jewel of superhero epics and one of the most
satisfying and complete movie trilogies ever made. As much as I want to
see another Batman movie, I can't imagine one without Christian Bale
under the direction and talents of Christopher Nolan who so fully
realized this character and the drama of the relationships and themes
that make the Dark Knight legend so resonant and real. Thanks to Chris
Nolan and company for presenting Bruce Wayne's journey in a way I don't
see anyone ever surpassing. Bravo to series veterans Christian Bale,
Gary Oldman, Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, and to new cast members Tom
Hardy, Marion Cottilard and especially Anne Hathaway as the definitive
Selina Kyle. It's been a hell of a 9 year ride getting here! The best
of the trilogy. 5/5 Stars 
			
Movie is like an art, most flock to see it, some bother to decipher it,
even lesser understands it and only a handful have knowledge of it.
That's why the Scorsese, Tarantino, Ritchie, Nolan are one of the rare
found species of the movie world.Coming to the point, The Dark Knights rises is the best befitting
ending a movie has ever got. I am not saying "could" because I haven't
seen the future. The 164 mins of runtime seems less and you end up
wanting for more. Some may find it a bit slow paced but as earlier
mentioned, depends on what do you expect and want of a movie.Technical Part: Every single frame is watermarked with the name
"Christopher Nolan" over it. Nolan has proved his mettle in directing
right from Memento till date, so for that part I would say just go and
enjoy the delicacy he has to offer. But it's the screenplay that leaves
you gasping in awe. Undoubtedly the best Nolan has ever written.Cinematography is again handled by the genius Wally Pfister. If "who?"
pops in your mind go to IMDb and search his name and when you will see
the list of movies like Memento, Italian Job, Batman Begins, The
Prestige, The Dark Knight, Inception, Moneyball in his name, you may
question yourself; is it by any chance possible that this man has 360
degree viewing angle?; because in this very part, the detailing in
every frame is so vivid you come to believe that Yes, Gotham is
somewhere in this world and not a fantasy.For editing I would just say go and figure out, say, 10 mistakes if you
may (yes just like in the kids section of newspapers). Believe me it
will turn out to be one of the hardest jobs you ever picked up!The actors may pull of their parts, the director may build an aura of
his own and a cinematographer may take you to a world you have never
seen before, but story is the one and only one thing that
differentiates a great movie from a good movie. That is why I rate this
as one of all- time greats. Every loose end gets tied up till the very
end and you get answers to all of the questions that popped in your
mind from the very first part.Performances, Comparisons and Character Sketches:Bane: Even before watching the movie, I was sure that Tom Hardy would
justify his presence; he gave me so much confidence in him from
"Warrior". I can see/hear lot of people comparing Bane with Joker.
While I agree that Bane doesn't gives you chills and frills as the
Joker did, but I think the comparison is wrong since both these
characters are set poles apart. While Joker was an agent of chaos and
randomness, Bane is all about destruction and discipline. Actually he
pulls off from where Joker left. For a city already once marred by a
psychopath and no Batman for quite a few years, Bane comes as a
Tsunami. He quickly takes on your nerve and his brutality is so cold
that you begin to hate him so much so that in the climax, you can see
and hear the theater thundering in applause.Catwoman/ Selina K: I have to admit that I have not been a much fan of
Anne Hathaway (although I have watched all her movies that too because
she is so beautiful :P). The reason is her inconsistency, whether be
the choices she made in doing the movies or her acting. Focusing on the
character she plays in TDKR, it is a very layered one and she pulls it
off just right. No more, no less, just perfect. I won't comment on how
beautiful she looks in every single frame because that would take me in
to the pervert category but I would say right from the action sequences
to where she has to play by her eyes, she takes you in her grip so
firmly, you won't let your eyes off her.Gordon/ Blake / Alfred/ Fox/ Miranda: The Dark Knight Rises only
because of these characters, period. You have to see the movie to
understand what I am saying.Batman/Bruce Wayne: He isn't afraid, he is angry! Christian Bale has
always scored a home run right from the "American Psycho", his first
movie that I ever watched. He took me again by surprise in "The
Machinist" losing 40 kg's for a role and then came the Batman trilogy.
Talking about TDKR, you can see that a superhero is still human. All
these years of fighting war has taken a toll on him, the pain and
frustration of failed love and wrong indict that Bale carries on his
face is marvelous, but the moment he wears his cape, he is again the
Batman, fighting evil the best he can and yes, You believe him. It
won't be wrong if I say that his movie is only and only for and by the
Batman and his Rise. And believe my when I say when he rises; he
doesn't rises in style, in fact he rises against all odds.Just don't go watch it, Savor it again and again!
			
Before I went to see the movie, there was so much in the traditional
and social media about it.And, some of them were reviews that were very critical. So, I decided
to go with an open mind, and I was awed by it.Most of them negative reviews have got nothing to do with the plot, the
performances, the characterization, or anything about the movie. The
negative reviews are all about the expectations of the viewer.With the Batman taking the blame at the end of The Dark Knight, there
had to be reasons compelling enough for him to come back, and the come
back cannot be all guns blazing, there had to be rustiness, and the
failure had to be much larger, in order for him to rise much stronger.This isn't a movie about Batman/Bruce Wayne alone. Or as hyped about
Selina Kyle or Bane. This was as much a story of Commissioner Gordon,
of Alfred, of Lucius Fox, of John Blake and indeed the whole of Gotham
City. This was about showing what lay in store for each of them, after
the events of the movie.Most importantly, this was about the symbol, about it being truly
incorruptible and everlasting.With the story lines of the previous two movies in context, Nolan
indeed has given a fantastic movie that in a very satisfying and
overwhelming way, provided, for want of a better word, closure.
			
The more I think about this film, the more it dawns on me how
incredible it is.At first, I wasn't sure if it would meet the expectations I had,
following the amazing Dark Knight. So as I saw the first user reviews
roll in; I anticipated something great was happening and now after
viewing this glorious film, this is truly a MASTER MOVIE!If you can, watch this film in IMAX. The shots are big, wide and
stunning. I was totally engrossed and entertained. It has great acting, a
powerful story, action, and a clever plot.THIS IS HOW MOVIES SHOULD BE.
			
I went to a midnight showing of The Dark Knight Rises. Wow. It was
amazing. I absolutely adore Dark Knight, but if you take away Heath
Ledger it doesn't even hold a candle to DKR. This was definitely the
greatest superhero movie I've ever seen, probably the greatest action
movie I've ever seen, and most likely in my top 10 favorite movies of
all time. As a hardcore Batman fan, I saw countless nods and references
to classic stories like The Dark Knight Returns, Year One, Son of a
Demon, No Man's Land, and most prominently, Knightfall (Bane's first
appearance with Batman, after his few-issue origin story, written
shortly before). Tom Hardy as Bane was absolutely breathtaking, from
his hand motions to his voice to the choreography in his fighting
style. Anne Hathaway was just fantastic as Catwoman. Her mannerisms and
voice perfectly captured the character. Gary Oldman was perfect as
always as Commissioner Gordon, even as an old, tired version of the
character. Marion Cotillard was great as her character. Morgan Freeman
was of course mindblowingly cool as Lucius Fox. Liam Neeson did the
character of Ra's Al Ghul justice a second time (in flashbacks, etc).
Joseph Gordon-Levitt was great as Detective John Blake. Michael Caine
was again really great as Alfred and perfectly cast for the role.And Christian Bale was really great as Batman. He played a different
Batman than there was in Dark Knight, more similar to Bruce's character
in Batman Begins. He was broken, depressed and a shell of his old self,
eight years since the events of Dark Knight. He surprised me, as I knew
he'd be good, but he was exactly what the movie needed as a lead.All in all, this movie was totally amazing. 4 out of 4 stars. It was
perhaps the best possible way to finish off an amazing trilogy.
			
I Saw this movie this morning and Still can't stop thinking about this.
What a wonderful story Narration!! I wanted to see the next show . But
the tickets were not available. I am sure that I will see that movie at
least 3 times in the next week. Wow.. What an Awesome movie. The best
ever n ever n ever n ever. Chrisitan Dale is the perfect man for Batman
Hero. Anna Hathway did a great job too. This movie has a lot of scenes
on the daylight and clearly explains everything. Sound editing was
perfect. The past of Harvey Dent's death was explained perfectly. This
is going to be my all time favorite movie. I am very sure that it will
go pass the box office records of Avatar.
			
Just came back from the theater. I will say from the opening credits to
the FANTASTIC ending, Batman is a wild ride! Mr. Nolan delivers an
absolutely sizzling finish to his amazing trilogy. The plot isn't as
thick as the second installment, so it's very easy to follow, but there
are so many characters so you have to pretty much filter through them
to pay attention to the relevant ones. It wouldn't hurt also to read up
on the story before going in. Having the background story on the bad
guy might have helped. Mr. Nolan doesn't let us get away with just
sitting there eating popcorn. The movie theater patrons were so
quiet...two hours forty minutes flew by. Don't wait for the DVD. This
IS why we go to the movies!
			
In my opinion, one of the greatest ends to a movie trilogy from one of
the greatest directors of our time. Christopher Nolan incorporates
elements from Batman Begins with The Dark Knight while still giving us
even more than the last time. While some people might still prefer The
Dark Knight for Heath Ledgers role as The Joker, you have to admit that
the two new leading characters Anne Hathaway (Selina Kyle) and Tom
Hardy (Bane) both deliver as important figures. The scenes between
Christian Bale, as Batman and Sir Michael Caine, as Alfred are also
very emotional. The idea to bring in Talia ah Ghul was a smart choice
as it linked in with Ras ah Ghul in Batman Begins and brought the story
to a fitting end. I had a feeling that John Blake would always be more
than a police in the film and the scene when his identity as Robin was
found out was probably the best along with Bruce Wayne escaping the
underground prison. Probably the best superhero movie of all time and
it's going to take a lot to top this.
			
I have not liked any of Nolan's movies. Memento confused me, The
Prestige bored me, Hated The Dark Knight, and couldn't make it through
Inception. But I absolutely loved The Dark Knight Rises. Not sure what
that says to people who love Chris Nolan films. . . I had a writing
instructor tell me that a good writer shows the reader the story, he
doesn't just TELL the story. I have always felt that Nolan gets so
involved in being clever, and hiding the 'mystery' of the plot, that he
forgets that he is supposed to be making a point - any point. In the
Dark Knight Rises, Nolan lays a good base for the story, tears the
characters down and lays them bare - then rebuilds it all to a grand
conclusion. And he blows some stuff up in the process. Gotta have some
explosions to make it fun.
			
Through the third installment Batman finishes his legacy by fighting
the bad guys and showing that he doesn't afraid of anything. There is
more to this movie than an action film, it engulfs you into the
characters emotions and the overwhelming circumstances. Bane is the
most horrifying of all the villains, although his character isn't as
fun as the Joker. We see Batman's limits and his efforts to surpass
them. The plot is immersing and full of twists. Anne Hathaway's
performance surprised me, but all others were out shined by Hardy and
Caine. The fight scenes were suspenseful and satisfying although they
were limited by the films PG-13 rating. The movie was shot almost
flawlessly and the score was perfect. The scope of the movie is larger
and is still able to pull it off.In comparison to the previous two but
it is a completely new experience compared to TDK.
			
Everything that was excellent about the Dark Knight can also be said
about "Rises". The Dark Knight Trilogy is what super hero tales are
supposed to be. Everyone in the movie is terrific. Bane is as
terrifying and menacing as any movie villain in cinematic history. It's
bizarre how a film can run well over two hours and it's just not long
enough, or it just seems to end too soon. This work of art really
follows the Hollywood rule of leaving your audience wanting more. I
can't wait until the entire trilogy is packaged and released on
Blu-Ray. Or better yet, I really hope Nolan, Bale and company
reconsider, and get together for yet another chapter in the heroically
tragic life of Batman and his alter ego Bruce Wayne.
			
Grade: A+ (98%)Superhero trilogies always end with a less than average film.
"Spider-man 3" lost all sense of emotional impact and storyline that
the first two films had and "X-Men 3" was just terrible in every sense.
When we heard that Christopher Nolan will be making one final film to
conclude the trilogy, I was a little nervous to see this film after
every other final film in the superhero trilogies bombed out. But not
only did Christopher Nolan conclude The Dark Knight Trilogy in
spectacular fashion, it may be just as great as the critically
acclaimed "The Dark Knight". "The Dark Knight Rises" is one of the
greatest comic book films I have ever seen.Eight years after the dreadful events that occurred in "The Dark
Knight", everything seems to be doing well. Crime is low, a new series
of laws under the name "The Dent Act" have been set against criminals,
and Batman has retired. Yes, Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) has retired
from being the caped crusader, uses a cane to get around his big
mansion, and has isolated himself from the outside world only talking
to his loyal servant Alfred (Michael Caine). Sure he has to deal with
Selina Kyle (Ann Hathaway) and her "cat-like instincts" to steal his
prized possessions but he has a lot of time to do that. But everything
seems to fall apart when Bane (Tom Hardy), a huge, muscular, angry
mercenary begins to terrorize Gotham with robberies and explosions,
Bruce must put on his suit one last time to face him. The story itself is very good and complex even if it does take a while
to get going. Make no mistake about it, this is a long movie that is
just 15 minutes shy of the three hour mark. The final half is full of
action and excitement while the first half, while not boring, can drag
on in some parts. Sure set pieces need to be stated and story arcs have
to end (since this is the final film), but it should've been done
quicker to get us to the more exciting moments.When the film does pick up, it's absolutely jaw dropping. The fight
sequences, while not bloody, can be somewhat brutal to watch, and the
dialog just becomes more interesting. Christopher Nolan, who also
directed the film, co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan
who has been writing these screenplays since "Batman Begins". The
writing is swift and clean, even if they throw in one too many jokes
from one of the older cops early on in the movie.The writing is also backed up by impressive performances all around.
Christian Bale has toned it down with his low Batman voice (even if
there is one or two scenes where I couldn't help but laugh at his
yells) but he does a fantastic job as Bruce Wayne. Ann Hathaway as
Selina Kyle/Catwoman is fantastic and fits the role (and her suit)
extremely well. Even Joeseph Gordon-Levitt as Detective John Blake fits
his role well.But obviously everyone wants to know how Tom Hardy is as Bane. Now
everyone is going to compare his performance with Heath Ledger's Joker
from "The Dark Knight". I don't want to compare but if you needed an
answer, Mr. Ledger's performance is far more superior with or without
mentioning the Oscar for Supporting Actor. That being said, Tom Hardy
gives a stellar performance as Bane. He may look silly at first with
the mask on and his voice may not be as low as it should be, but once
you get use to his character, he is fantastic.In the end, many will be satisfied with what Mr. Nolan has made for us.
The film is full of action, suspenseful and great storytelling even if
the film is 15-20 minutes longer than it should. Still, if you loved
the first two films or just looking for a more realistic comic book
version to the caped crusader, you cannot go wrong with "The Dark
Knight Rises". It's a spectacular finale to the greatest superhero
trilogy in the history of the film industry.
			
Since the Dark knight four years i have been looking forward to a third
batman movie and wondered where they were going to take the story
seeing as there was no way Christopher Nolan was going to have the
Joker in the third movie. We find out that the villain will be Bane and
it will be played by Tom Hardy also that Catwoman will be played by
Anne Hathaway and that this will be the last batman movie under
Christopher Nolan. This immediately rose the stakes of what to expect
especially after Inception which was my favourite movie of that year
and i wanted to know how the characters would be different from the
previous batman movies especially Bane who in a live action movie was
seen in probably the worst batman movie, Batman and Robin.Having seen
all the trailers and TV spots it showed it was going for a more
realistic but epic approach to finishing off Nolan's Batman trilogy and
it was my most anticipated movie of the year.Now having hyped myself
for this movie before the release date i then see a few bad reviews for
the movie which threw me having seen all the clips i could of the movie
and liking them a lot.But what i got from some of the reviews was that
expectation would play a big part in liking this movie because if it
doesn't match to what you personally wanted from the movie or it goes
below what you thought it should be it might not be a good experience
for you.So for me putting aside expectations for this movie was the
sole reason i can say this: This is the best batman movie, it is the
best comic book movie and this is the best movie of the year so
far.Saying this is the best comic book movie doesn't do it justice.I think daring to amp up the darkness where it is less about the fun of
something like The Avengers and more about the brutality of what is
coming to Gotham and really feeling the pain of Bruce Wayne after eight
years how that has mentally and physically changed him, how Alfred has
dealt with Bruce Wayne's depression, how he is trying his best to
protect him, The guilt of Commissioner Gordon in being involved with
the lie about Harvey Dent being a hero, all these things dark emotions
put into a comic book movie like Batman that isn't just about look but
it really tries to give you the best story in making us realise how
important Batman is for Gotham and that it is done in the best way for
this movie.Tom Hardy and Anne Hathaway nailed the roles that i would always here
the worry on whether they would fit the characters.But worry not Bane
for me was scary, intimidating and clever not just a guy with muscles
but in how he talks where it is Shakespearean in delivery meaning that
it is very dense in what he is talking about and in some cases layered
but also times where it was to the point and effective because of it.
An example of Shakespearean delivery is his speech before and during
the prison takeover as his plan for Gotham is set and all the prisoners
escape. Also like in the trailer we have the line "When Gotham is ashes
you have my permission to die" is a great sum up for his character as a
domineering figure. Anne Hathaway has the funniest lines despite the
dark emotions that the film has, bringing a lot of fun when she is on
screen but she also brings moments of total seriousness and you buy
that she can beat the people that she does making her more complicated
then just putting on a suit and looking sexy.We see Christian Bale give i think the best Bruce Wayne/Batman
performance out of all the Batman movies, Michael Caine gives his best
performance as Alfred especially in one scene where Alfred confesses
that Rachel wanted Harvey Dent and not him as it was written by her in
a letter that he burnt it has a brilliant reaction by Christian Bale.
Also towards the end as we see Alfred breakdown over feeling like he
failed Bruce's parents as he stands in front of their and Bruce's grave
but i'll get to the end. Technically this movie is superb, the score is incredible by Hans
Zimmer, the twist of Joseph Gordon Levitt who is great in it as really
having the name Robin is the highlight for me i didn't think they would
actually go there, the perfect ending as we see Alfred's dream come
true seeing Bruce Wayne the way he wanted. I understand why people said
there were too many characters because it seemed to introduce people
that would all of the sudden die or just disappear without enough depth
to them like Dr Pavel although he dies in good fashion by Bane a lot of
characters that have little meaning to the story would be my negative
but that doesn't ruin the entire experience for me not to say that i
love this movie and hopefully it will be nominated for Oscars but even
if it isn't i'm so glad as a movie it didn't disappoint letting me
appreciate how far Batman has come. 10/10.
			
There's good cinema, bad cinema and awesome cinema....for this film a
new word has to be created as it surpasses the other awesome films that
have been this year... This film takes 8 years after the events of the
Dark Knight, I don't want to spoil the fun but I'm going to say the
less possible: A new villain appears, a mercenary called Bane who wants
to "destroy" Gotham City (like everybody) then there's Bruce Wayne who
has been inside his mansion for all those years doing nothing but
recovering for the wounds that had in the previous two films...A new
character out of nowhere appears, the amazing and personally favourite,
Selina Kyle (funny thing is that she's indeed Catwoman but she's never
called like that in the whole film). You'll see known characters like Jim Gordon, Alfred, Mr. Fox and
(WARNING SPOILERS!!) the one we all love, Doctor Jonathan Crane aka.
Scarecrow and Mr. Rash Al Gul himself!! (End of Spoilers!!)Now let's analyse the film...the acting is amazing...while in the
previous film you saw how The Joker stole the entire show, in this film
you can focus on Christian Bale playing as the best Bruce Wayne/Batman
that has ever been. The other ones we already know play as well as the
other films, I have to mention Mr. Michael Caine for making an amazing
Alfred (you can see his real feelings in this movie) and the amazing
actor Gary Oldman as Commisoner Gordon.The new adds? Bane is amazing, maybe he's not as "awesome" or "bad" as
Joker but we all know that they are very different characters with very
different ideas, Bane is indestructible and terrifying.The great actress Anne Hathaway is amazing as Selina Kyle aka.
Catwoman...I have been a huge fan of Michelle Pfeiffer's work as
Catwoman in "Batman Returns" but in this new cast she looks more real
and you can see her real purpose and feelings, she shines in all her
scenes! The plot has its twists and its fails (fails only if you have been a
real fan of Batman comics all these years) but is a very enjoyable film
and the only thing I didn't like is that this is going to be the last
film of this trilogy...This is a perfect film and has great action sequences but you may miss
some of the epic and unforgettable scenes from the last film featuring
the Joker like the interrogatory's or the hospital's...this is actually
the only reason why I don't give it a perfect score...Now I'm going to try to talk about the ending without spoiling it...as
the film is very dramatic, you may sheer a tear at the end...still is
an amazing ending and I couldn't have written it better! I must
congratulate to the whole cast, writers and director of the entire
trilogy as this has become my number one! The Best: Plot, Batman, Catwoman, Bane...everything!!  The Worst:
Absolutely nothing!!RATING: 9.8 / 10 !! The film of the year with no doubt!
			
Sometimes you just need to shut up, stand up and clap one's hands.
Christopher Nolan is a genius. He actually succeeded to finish an
amazing trilogy with an amazing film, to meet the expectations and make
appropriate continuation to 'The Dark Knight'. I am not going to say
that Tom Hardy is equal to Heath Ledger, but I am seriously thinking he
did an awesome performance as the bad guy, Bane. His voice and his mask
were horrifying. And as the good superhero, Christian Bale does it
again. each time I saw him as the Batman at the screen, I felt a
shivering and smiled. Anne Hathaway, Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman and
the other crew did really fine job and specially Michael Caine (come
on, this man is a legend !). The critiques doesn't matter, the only
thing that matters now is that you must see 'The Dark Knight Rises'
movie. The music, the effects, the crew... you should not miss this.
10/10 (!)
			
The most important thing to remember going into The Dark Knight Rises
is not that it is Christopher Nolan's final Batman movie but that it
was never going to be as good as The Dark Knight. As I had prepared
myself for this I was able to enjoy the film without comparing it to
its masterpiece of a predecessor. That said, when comparing it to other
trilogy closers, it sits with Return of the King, Toy Story 3 and
Return of the Jedi, in that it is the most flawed of the trilogy but by
far the most spectacular and offering a thrilling, intense and fitting
climax to an incredible saga.Picking up 8 years after the events of The Dark Knight, Bruce Wayne
(Christian Bale) is now in self-imposed exile after Batman taking the
wrap for Harvey Dents atrocities. Dent has been made a martyr and a
hero, whose death has allowed new legislation to come in to allow
Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman) to clean up the streets and do away
with organised crime in Gotham. But now Gotham faces a new threat in
the hulking form of Bane (Tom Hardy) forces Batman to come out of
hiding.Right from the plane smashing opening you know three things: Bane is a
very different threat than The Joker, the action and spectacle in this
movie is going to be bigger and better than anything we've seen in a
Batman movie before and thirdly, it feels great to be back in Nolan's
Bat-Universe. Obviously comparisons will be made between Bane and The
Joker but the thing is that it's difficult to compare the two as they
are very different characters. Heath Ledger's Joker is arguably the
greatest screen villain ever (although Darth Vader may take issue with
that) but he was an anarchist who simply wanted to cause chaos and test
Batman. Bane is a calculating, intelligent man with a plan. Bane is
also a true physical threat, one that you believe can defeat Batman.
The Joker was great but he wasn't an adversary that Batman could fight
physically, a very minor gripe but a relevant one. Tom hardy is the
biggest he's ever been (even more so than in the excellent Bronson) at
87kg in this movie but it's not just his figure that impresses, as most
of his face (and voice) are covered Hardy has a particularly tricky
role. But just through his eyes he manages to exert menace, emotion and
intelligence. And contrary to what viewers of the prologue have
claimed, 90% of the time the voice is no trouble whatsoever to
comprehend. Other newcomers to the franchise impress too, most notably Anne
Hathoway whose Selina Kyle (never once referred to as Catwoman) is
smart, sneaky, wise-cracking and again a very different incarnation
than Michelle Pfeiffer's Catwoman in Batman Returns. Joseph
Gordon-Levitt is decent as cop John Blake as is Marion Cotillard but
the returning cast are brilliant as always. Michael Caine goes all
teary eyed (as does the audience for every minute of his unfortunately
very small screen-time) and Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman continue to
impress (the trio making up the collection of father figures Bruce has
throughout the movies). But the best performance is from the eponymous
rising hero. Although Batman is in a surprisingly small amount of the
movie, As Bruce Wayne, Christian Bale manages to find new depths and
elements to a character that has been portrayed by 5 actors in 8
movies. Bruce Wayne has never been more tortured or been put through
more hardships before and the audience seriously fears (a recurring
theme in Nolan's Batman movies) for his life as the odds mount up
against him.As always Christopher Nolan's direction is brilliant, as is the work of
the team he's built around him such as Hans Zimmer's score which is
bombastic and epic and Wally Pfizer's cinematography. Not since The
Lord of the Rings have we seen anything close to this level of scale ,
spectacle and ambition in a film. This is grandiose, awe-inspiring
filmmaking. The action sequences are huge, an attack on Wall Street and
the aforementioned aerial attack being early highlights. The first
fight between Batman and Bane is one of the most brutal in recent
memory and a stadium bombing is suitably jaw-dropping. But the real
talking point is the epic finale. This is the action piece to end a
movie series that his been full of memorable action set-pieces so it
has a lot to live up to. It's certainly the biggest set-piece: armies
of police and criminals charge at each other, Batman flies the Bat
around the streets, tumblers and trucks crash and explode everywhere.
It is incredible. My only gripe is that it is (and for me this wasn't a problem as I
wanted to watch as much of Nolan's Batman as possible) about 20 minutes
too long, the first act drags a bit as there's no Batman and too much
time spent building up new characters and a particularly unnecessary
fireside love scene should have been left on the cutting room floor. The story that Nolan has crafted is great, revisiting and reintroducing
elements and characters from Batman Begins and truly bringing the story
full circle, it gives us the first time a superhero story has been able
to complete its journey. These are the greatest superhero movies ever
made and it is truly sad to say goodbye as the inevitable reboot looms
on the horizon, but for now let us sit back and appreciate a fitting,
epic, emotional ending to a phenomenal movie trilogy.
			
Going into the theater, I had extremely high expectations for this
movie for 3 reasons. The first reason was that Batman Begins and The
Dark Knight were both amazing, the second reason being Batman is my
favorite super hero, and third because of Christopher Nolan directing!
Nolan is my favorite director, and all of his work has been superb, my
favorite being Inception, so I was praying he would not disappoint and
oh he did not. I walked out of the theater after almost 3 hours, blown
away and wishing it never ended. This movie is visually spectacular,
but the story itself is great. I don't want to give much away but there
is a twist that even as a Batman fan, I didn't even see it coming. The
entire cast gives great performances, especially Christian Bale,
Michael Caine, Anne Hathaway (who surprised me with her great
performance), Tom Hardy, Joesph Gordon-Levitt and Morgan Freeman. This
film is different from The Dark Knight as it is more of a war film (as
stated by one of the cast members, i don't remember which however).
This film has themes about the current political turmoil our country is
in right now, something no other Batman film really has ventured into.
Now for the ending of the film. The ending brought a huge smile to my
face, and I truly loved it. But the ending is bittersweet as Nolan
won't do another Batman film, meaning another now will be a
disappointment. This movie receives my vote for movie of the decade!
			
Nolan has really made a Batman universe of his own. His re-imagining of
Bane's back story made for perhaps a better character than the original
Bane! Most people say TDKR was good but not as good as TDK. I say its
better. Sure, the Joker is an awesome villain and is more well known
but with cameos from Ra's al Ghul, The Scarecrow and Tali al Ghul, TDKR
is an evil, dark, gripping conclusion to the best Batman movies ever
made. The movie is full of moments that will have you gasping in shock.
What sets this movie apart however, and what makes it so damn exciting
is the score. Hans Zimmer created such an intense set of music that
every scene sent tingles down your spine regardless of what was
happening. I found myself smiling, laughing, frowning and in just plain
shock at numerous emotional scenes. Alfred and Bruce's quarrel was
depressing to say the least and so is the scene at Bruce's grave. The
ending however, was so heartwarming which is something you don't see
too often in superhero movies.
			
The best movie of this year,Action is less, but the story is top notch.
batman back with a bang.After the movie got over we were applauding.End
could have never been better than this.This is what a superhero is all
about Sacrifice.Christian Bale as always is awesome.The scene between
Michael Caine and Christian Bale where he tells him that he won't bury
one more person of Wayne family was very emotional.Anne Hathaway has
added glamor and style to the film.Tom Hardy as Bane is good but it is
quite difficult at times to decipher his voice through the mask.He
seemed more powerful than Batman.I felt sorry for what happened at the
premier My condolence to the family and friends of dead and injured in
the incident god bless there soul.
			
When I brought my ticket to see this film I wasn't expecting as much
suspense as the dark knight gave through the character of 'the joker'
but The dark knight rises really pulls it off in almost every aspect
possible. The twist and turns in this film will just give you
goosebumps and make you want to stand up and cheer every time.
Sometimes it felt like you wasn't watching a film but following batman
a.k.a Christian bale in every thing he did and every time he over came
an obstacle you felt the sense of achievement. Also the film again has
had a flawless acting cast, I can see that Bane's voice may get a
little criticism because it was different but sometimes people don't
give different a chance but in my opinion it was creative and added a
sense of suspense. Obviously one of the main points of this film was
can Tom Hardy pull off a better villain than Heath Ledger and in my
opinion again, he did. in conclusion the dark knight rises was a
amazing and thrilling end to the trilogy with a gripping story for the
whole 3 hours and which left me clapping and almost crying at the end.
*SPOILER* end of the trilogy but end of the saga?
			
Rarely does a sequel live up to its predecessors, much less exceed them
in scale. The Dark Knight Rises is both full of the psychological
intensity of The Dark Knight and a fresh, extremely raw action. What I
found interesting, was how easily I forgot I was watching a Batman
movie. Of course Batman/Bruce Wayne were the heroes, but the story's
plot relied heavily on the actions of Lucius Fox, Selina Kyle, and the
interesting character of John Blake. Bane's presence is extremely
powerful and a worthy opponent for Batman. I found some of the scenes
with Bane the most intense I've ever experienced in Cinema. As I said
before, you'll be left smiling as every loose end is tied up and the
movie closes logically and in a completely satisfying way. The only
negative thing I could say is when telling a story on a scale as
immense as this, the cut scenes are bound to be fast. The movie has a
larger story than the previous two and is the perfect way to end the
greatest interpretation of a super hero to date. You'll cry, you'll
smile, you'll cringe, you'll laugh, your heart will race, and you'll
think about the themes for a long time after Nolan takes you on the
Epic finale. This is easily the best movie of the year so far, and in
my opinion the best final installment of an Epic trilogy.Matt
			
Just Came out second time from the movie theatre in 2 days and trust me
I want to go for the third time too. After The Dark Knight movie the
wait was 4 years and the expectations were sky high. When I went for
the first time, I loved the movie but was still having the Joker
hangover from TDK. But this movie is as brilliant as TDK. Only this
movie is a bit more tighter and the scenes between all the characters
have been very beautifully written. The movie is almost 3 hours long
and you will never feel that at all. Rather you will wish , if it would
have continued more. This movie has a really strong performances from
Christian Bale and he made this movie his own. Alfred/Michael Caine was
the best and perhaps should be in line for an Academy Award nomination.
Bane/Hardy had a tough shoe to fill in and Mr Nolan cleverly made the
script so that we never compare him with any of his predecessors. Tom
Hardy did gave his best and in the words of Catwoman " You would be as
scared of him as I am".Catwoman was a really good addition as was rest
of the characters. The best part of the movie was the story was the
pace at which this was made. And especially the dialogues between
characters were very well written and delivered. The movie is a legend
and this trilogy would remain as one of the best trilogies of all time.
10 out of 10 from my side.
			
The Dark Knight finally Rises! I have been waiting for nearly a year
for this movie, and it was well worth the wait. Being a huge fan of
both Christopher Nolan as well as the previous two Batman installments,
I was actually wondering if this movie would be able to do justice to
my expectations....YES IT DID!The movie is unusual in the sense there isn't much of Batman in the
movie. Bruce Wayne the man is there (ably played by Christian Bale),
carrying the burden of false accusations, injuries and advancing age.
He walks with a limp, carries a cane, and has no cartilage left in his
knees and shoulders. The man who saved Gotham is now seen as its
biggest villain. He is forced to come out of self-imposed retirement
when a new terror hits his beloved city...Bane. Bane is played by Tom Hardy, with a raw physicality rarely seen on the
big screen. Its not just his incredibly transformed body that conveys
the menace that is Bane, but his voice with its swooping tones and
accent. I was a bit skeptical about how his covered face would
translate on screen, but Tom Hardy has taken this character and made it
his own. His gestures, his eyes, even his forehead - he becomes Bane.
His talent is too obvious to be hidden under a mask. The movie is grand in scale, with numerous characters - old as well as
new. Alfred (Michael Caine) gets a role that's worthy of his talents,
with a more emotional core. Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman) writes
the book on great acting - how does one convey a character while lying
immobile in a hospital bed. Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman) is as competent
as ever, with the deadpan humor and witty one-liners. Adding to the mix
are some new characters - Selina Kyle aka Catwoman (Anne Hathaway) is
surprisingly good in a role made famous by Michelle Pfeiffer...and
infamous by Halle Berry. The surprise package is John Blake played by
the yummilicious Joseph Gordon-Levitt. The cute kid from "Third Rock
from the Sun" has grown up...and how! He looks good, he acts amazingly
well, and he could well be part of the next Batman movie (hint, hint!).The movie has numerous plots and sub-plots - in the hands of a lesser
director, all of this could easily get confusing, or worse, make the
audience lose interest. But not in this movie - director Nolan has a
firm grip on the reins, and never lets go of any of the plot points.
Every line has a point to it...every incident leads to a
resolution...every character is needed to take the story forward. There
isn't a single unnecessary character or scene in the 2.45 hour long
movie. And the human element is never lost sight of, while at the same
time executing sweeping and intricate plots.There were times when I felt that Nolan hasn't just made a movie about
a superhero....he has actually made a powerful commentary on our times.
His plot has echoes of the global financial crisis, as well as the
various "occupy" movements going on in various parts of the world. His
movie seems to be a metaphor for a world in disarray and chaos, with
Gotham as its disintegrating heart. Or you could just forget about the political metaphors, and watch it
for its grand spectacle, the great acting, and the incredible SFX!!
			
I had a great time while Dark Knight Rises I felt like it is the best
movie of the series. And of course its gonna be the best movie of 2012.The actors,everyone of them acted very well.Banes voice was pretty good
.Levitt has kept up the movie.Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman too played
a precious role.Michael Caine too acted pretty well n of course he will
coz he is a great actor.Anne Hathaway looks so sexy in this movie and
she acted well too.Finally Bale,he is a classic actor and he lifted the
film quite good enough.I wanna thank the mastermind behind this movie,of course Chris Nolan,u
r the best film maker.Thanks for giving us a movie like The Dark Knight Rises
			
The Dark Knight really rose to the occasion in this final chapter to
the greatest interpretation of Batman to ever be made on film. I may be
a fanboy of the bats, but I was not let down in the what they call epic
movie which it surely was. I saw it in IMAX midnight screening was
awesome and the visual and sound was dominant. I was surprised of how
Bane's voice powered the whole theatre when he spoke, one of the best
villains to watch. Was breath taking when Bane and Batman fought, every
time didn't know what was going to happen, let me just say, in Batman
Begins the theme was "fear", Dark Knight "chaos", Rises definitely
brings the "pain". The way Bruce Wayne had to overcome the challenges
to bring back the Dark Knights were of epic proportion. All the actors
did phenomenal Oldman, Hardy, Gordon-Levitt, was fairly surprised at
Hathaway performance as Selina Kyle she really captured who Catwoman
is. Bale is the perfect interpretation of Batman it is going to be hard
for others to follow. This movie should win best picture in the Oscars
next year, Nolan should win best director, Bale should at least be
nominated, so should Hardy. I may be bias but I don't care this blew me
away. Batman became a Legend and rose as only he could, worth the wait.
			
Well, finally the most awaited movie of the year releases. The final
piece, the redemptive end of one of the most famous trilogy of all
time. This has come very close to the The Dark Knight, but I don't
think it can cross the brilliant and tremendous acting of late Heath
Ledger as the joker. But Tom Hardy showed his brilliance in acting, and
as the most powerful opponent batman has ever faced. You have to watch
every detail of the film. This was the best 2 hours 45 minutes I have
spent this year.Christopher Nolan has done it again. They say the third outing is
always tricky as there is awful lot of pressure to present a convincing
plot for the audience in a way that the trilogy culminates into one
phenomenal celluloid experience. Nolan has undoubtedly, outdone himself
with his latest film which also happens to be the last in the Batman
franchise.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is a movie that will hit you on every level. The
action is top notch, the emotions from the characters radiates off the
screen. This is one of the best experiences I have ever had at a movie.
After seeing this movie you will want to see it again and again. I
never in a million years would of thought that TDK would be topped as
my favorite superhero movie, but Rises managed to do just that.Bale gives his best performance as batman, the most memorable would be
the very powerful and saddening moments with Cain, in which will have
quite a few on the brink of tears. And anyone who had any doubts about
Hathaway can rest easy she was phenomenal. The Chemistry between her
and Bale was fantastic, she really did embody Catwoman. Now on to the
Villain. Lets be honest will any performance ever match Legders
Joker...in short no, but Hardy gets dang close. Bane is a character
that really will send chills up your spine from his voice to the amount
of emotion Hardy can convey with just his eyes is amazing.This is one movie that should not miss out on. When people say Epic,
they are not overstating this film. The perfect fit to close out this
fantastic trilogy.
			
It's finally here..and boy is it here. The Dark Knight Rises flies in
with a wave of momentum after The Dark Knight and blasts straight
through it with great purpose and meaning. This isn't just a big-budget
summer blockbuster that 'needs to be done'...this story has been
spawned from the minds of men & women who genuinely care, respect and
understand the batman franchise and its fans. Christopher Nolan's
trilogy has been commended for its realism and genuine understanding of
the graphic novels. He has sent us into a world of fear, chaos and now
pain with the arrival of Bane. Tom Hardy has made this character so
genuine and frightful, once again (in true Nolan fashion) he has gone
to the source material and has understood that Bane is as much brain as
he is brawn...and when it comes to brawn, it isn't mindless attacks and
nonstrategic offence aka Poison Ivy's bitch. Bane has been trained in
similar fashion to how Bruce Wayne was, thus making him the perfect
adversary for The Caped Crusader. With all the attention on Heath
Ledger's 'replacement', some of the shine may have been taken off of
Christian Bale. In this case he shines through all the way, whether he
is an overwrought & pessimistic Bruce or a resurgent & passionate
Batman; Bale delivers a fantastic character. He has really adapted and
evolved both sides of Bruce, but has stayed true to who he was in both
Batman Begins & The Dark Knight. Micheal Caine, Morgan Freeman and Gary
Oldman return on TOP FORM and most importantly relevant form. Just like
in the previous Nolan films all 3 characters were necessary in aiding,
understanding and advancing Batman the person and Batman the story. As
it has been said before, Alfred is his heart, Lucius the brain and
Gordon the conscience...that rings true more than ever in TDKR. As well
as Tom Hardy, the other newcomers each add a new dimension to the
franchise without denting (no pun intended) it at all. Anne Hathaway is
a well orchestrated Selina Kyle; sexy, deviant, smart & well organised
character who primarily looks out for 'NO.1'...she is awesome, the best
Catwoman I have seen (sorry Michelle, not so much Halle). Joseph
Gordon-Levitt & Marion Cotillard portray 2 characters that may be
foreign to some people...but whether you have heard of them or not,
they will astound you with their respective contributions to this epic
tale.All in all TDKR is an outstanding story that is brilliantly acted and
fantastically directed. Christopher Nolan has given us something that
we can cherish for a lifetime. Whether you favour the origins of The
Caped Crusader, the anarchy of The Joker or the all-out war and
destruction of Bane it doesn't matterfor the 1st time in a long time
there is no weak link. They can all be adored collectively and
appreciated as the best comic- book films ever.
			
Contains minor spoilers ALFRED: I NEVER WANTED YOU TO COME BACK TO GOTHAM. I ALWAYS KNEW THAT
THERE WAS NOTHING FOR YOU EXCEPT PAIN AND TRAGEDY.The above line sums it all and describes the tone of the movie which is
gloomy, dark, at times depressing, yet gives you hope in the times of
despair. Despite all the pain, suffering and trauma the Knight rises
and rises in grand style. This is the best movie in Nolan's trilogy and
overall, second only to The Shawshank Redemption (I doubt any movie
will be able to beat that). Christopher Nolan has outdone himself and
created something which will be forever etched in our memories. I don't
have words to describe what I witnessed todayto put it simply..a
MASTERPIECE.The movie belongs to Christian Bale who it seems gave his heart and
soul in portraying the character of Bruce Wayne. The movie focuses more
on Bruce Wayne and his state of mind than any other character (though
all the other actors have been given enough time to develop their
characters). Every time he came on screen as Batman was greeted with
thunderous applause. Bale has definitely given a performance deserving
of an Oscar nomination. The way he handled his characters personal
dilemma and defeat in times of adversity and still came out victorious
despite several failures is awe inspiring.The surprise package of the movie is of course Lady Hathway and the
much hyped character of Catwoman and she does not disappoint. She is
never addressed as Catwoman in the entire movie. Anne has done full
justice to the character and surpassed the Michelle Pfeiffer's one in
Tim Burtons's Batman Returns. She is smart, sexy and dangerous without
being cheesy or bitchy like Pfeiffer. Nolan should have given her more
screen time as the crowd loved her in the movie.To all those who are expecting a Joker like character in this movie,
PLEASEthere is only one Gabbar singh, one Mogambo and only one
Legendry Joker. Stop comparing Bane with Joker. Character like his only
comes once in a decade or two. Tom Hardy is a fine actor and he did a
superb job in terrorizing Gotham and beating Batman. After all he can
be safely called Wayne's Nemesis as he caused too much physical and
mental agony to our Knight. He easily overpowers Batman and breaks his
back. Full marks to Tom Hardy.The background score is outstanding which is always expected from Hans
Zimmer. Cinematography and editing are superb. The movie never gives
you a chance to relax, as so much is happening in every frame and you
don't want to blink you eyelashes. Watch out for John Blake n "R".
Christopher stuck to contemporary world and approached the subject
realistically. Fans of the comic series will remember that Ra's al ghul
is immortal, but no mention of Lazarus Pit in the movie, which was
always expected of Mr. Nolan.I salute you Mr. Nolan. My only question isWHAT NEXT!!!
			
Past Generations have had The Godfather, Star Wars.. I've even seen the
entire Lord of the Rings Trilogy.. but for my lifetime (I am 33yrs old
now).. Nothing beats Christopher Nolan's Batman! I'm sure others will throw every superlative word or compliment they
can think of at The Dark Knight Rises but the only thing I can say is
it is truly a fantastic experience and this is THE Trilogy of my
generation! Do yourself a favor, if you are wary of "Summer Blockbusters".. go and
watch The Dark Knight Rises and if you haven't before.. follow it up
with Batman Begins and then The Dark KnightMovies like these come seldom in a generation, you owe it to yourself!
:) thank you Mr. Nolan, thank you!
			
I loved parts of the film, but not all. A great beginning, though, it
went slow after that and stayed that way for some time; however, the
last half-hour or so was just amazing and for me made the film worthy
of 10/10, otherwise I'd have only given it 7/10.I did not like the Cat Woman character in this; the actress playing the
role was simply too unbelievable, and I could not take to her.The ending made me very eager to see what they'll do next; of course, I
won't be giving anything away here, but I will say it is one of the
reasons I gave the film 10/10.Would I watch it again? Probably not, at least not the whole thing, but
I'd certainly watch the last half hour repeatedly. Now, don't get me wrong, there were still some scenes in earlier parts
of the film which are worth watching, just not that many for me.
			
The hype that surrounds the latest - and final - act of the Dark Knight
trilogy is, without hyperbole, huge. Nolan has created a Batman that
many people will be sad to see end, as Warner Brothers is set to reboot
the DC comic hero again. Is the excitement surrounding this film well
deserved though? In short: yes.This final instalment is definitely the darkest and most emotional of
the three films - from the love stories to the intensely dramatic fight
scenes, Nolan leaves no doubt that this is the last chapter, the last
time we'll see his incarnation of Batman and, rightly, he has held
nothing back in the delivery of The Dark Knight Rises.The aspects of the previous films play strongly here, with flashes of
The Dark Knight as Gotham celebrates Harvey Dent day, remembering the
day he died and the message he delivered of a city free from the mob
(and for Comissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman), the lie he disguised to
protect the idol Dent had become and condemnation of Batman as the
villain): and the whole ideology of Batman Begins returns with a
vengeance to build the story up and ending where it began.Hardy (Star Trek: Nemesis, Bronson) is picture perfect for Bane - his
build, his mask, his purpose are all tailor-made to create a sinister
and evil presence. The only problem with him is the problem that has
been speculated and argued over since we first saw footage of him -
thanks to the mask it is very hard to understand him sometimes, and I
was left feeling like all too often I'd missed important pieces of
information that he was divulging, and then catching only the catch-
phrases made famous in the trailers. Having said this, it could be
argued that it feeds in to the characters nature and makes him appear
more evil. But this can be left to debate. Aside from this, the role is
delivered so well, not least when compared to the Venom fuelled hulk in
Batman and Robin when the original concept of the genius behind the
strength is lost completely in a mindless, muscle-bound monster.Then we have Anne Hathaway (Alice in Wonderland, Bride Wars) as
Catwoman who serves to be as much an anti-hero as Nolan's Batman has
become. She is, of course, a thief who does her job well but has
morals, which serve her development as a character from helping Bane to
secure his plans for Gotham to her helping to bring them down.
Hathaway's portrayal of the character fits perfectly with the tone of
Nolan's franchise - someone strong and confident in herself as a
bad-guy yet, when faced with the prospect of Bane's world, someone who
can just as easily change to the 'other side'. As she says to Wayne:
"I'm adaptable," and she means it.The other new member for Dark Knight Rises is Joseph Gordon-Levitt
(Inception, Brick) as John Blake, the one member of Gothams police who,
live Oldman's Gordon, believe Batman is a force for good. As we know
from the trailers, we see Gordon in a hospital bed, which leaves the
floor open to Levitt to assume his role as a doer, someone who exists
to help Batman. We know that he can deliver with Nolan in command as
Arthur in Inception, and he portrays Blake with a sense of urgency and
determination that is an almost mirror reflection of Oldman's
Commissioner.The standard cast return with the same level of talent as you expect
from them in their roles by now, taking on the lessons of the previous
films and using them to build on the characters and, almost, deliver
new people. Michael Cane's Alfred is a case in point for this, with his
small but incredibly powerful part in the film which is a huge part in
getting the emotions going for this final instalment.Nolan has outdone himself with the Dark Knight franchise. With three
films that are hard to choose between to say 'this one is better than
the rest', and while Batman Begins is slightly behind the second and
third in terms of darkness, drama and thriller, it still stands that he
has not disappointed at any stage.More film reviews are available at
http://alexharland-alexsblog.blogspot.com
			
Long gone are the days when I would watch Channel 4 in the mornings as
a child to see a strange superhero dressed in a leotard fight comical
characters with the words BOOM or POW hiding all the punches. Gone are
the days when I would see Arnold Schwarzenegger dressed as a camp ice
man. No, director Christopher Nolan has taken our superhero Batman and
created a serious and adult world where nothing is a joke. His last
effort, The Dark Knight, is considered to be one of the greatest films
of all time, and so with the much awaited arrival of this sequel, the
question being asked is.....can he top it?The Dark Knight Rises is set eight years after the last film, Gotham
City has been cleaned of all it's crime and Batman is in exile, nothing
could go wrong surely? Well the opening of the film ends that theory
with an excellent teaser of our main villain in the film, Bane, a beast
of a man with a voice that sounds hilariously like a mixture of Gandalf
from Lord of the Rings, and Darth Vader (I kid you not). Bane is hell-
bent on starting a ''people's revolution'' in Gotham and has acquired
an army of followers. Bruce Wayne is now a recluse with nothing to live
for, but will this Bane character tempt him to don the suit again?
Added to the mix we have a sub-plot of Selina Kyle, a criminal with
''feline'' powers who inadvertently finds herself involved in the
action and Blake, a young rookie cop who knows more than he lets
on......Whilst the film doesn't top it's classic predecessor, it certainly
matches it. Whereas the last film was about chaos and anarchy, this
film is more about pain and suffering, it has more emotion, characters
from previous films, such as Bruce Wayne, Alfred the Butler, and Gordon
the police commissioner, are given more depth and the film is all the
better for it. Bane plays an excellent villain that manages to intrigue
and captivate, I liked that his origin story also ties the trilogy
together, it makes Gotham feel more like it's own universe. The acting
performances are a masterclass, particularly from Inception alumni
Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Tom Hardy.The action scenes are spectacles to behold, they always manage to
surprise, my favourite scene was an epic showdown between Police
Officers and an army of youths lined up like it was 300, some true
urban warfare. Overall, the whole film works as a perfect finale to the
possibly the greatest trilogy of all time. Amazing.10/10
			
Wow. My favorite movie has been The Dark Knight for about 4 years now
ever since I saw it in theaters. Yesterday I found myself so hyped up
for The Dark Knight Rises I actually went to the theater at 6 o'clock
and watched Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. Then this movie started.
Oh my god. This movie is a piece of art... It is to be enjoyed by the
fire with a glass of wine. First off....I tip my hat to Christopher
Nolan and his amazing gift of directing. This movie surpassed the Dark
Knight instantly. Yes I like the joker better but Bane, like in the
Dark Knight, the villain took the spotlight and did not disappoint.
Wow. Even the ending was just amazing. Sad but amazing. Way to end the
best trilogy since the Lord of the Rings. This movie was just
fantastic. Instant classic.
			
the movie is great and every aspect and Nolan does it , the movie being
a grand epic is totally run by story which is clinching and jaw
dropping , in dark knight joker stole the show but in dark knight rises
bale steals the show his portrayal of the vigilante is at its height
and grandeur, he is making us travel with him to great places with
emotional attachment, then comes Joseph Gordon Levitt with tremendous
performance and great acting , he is the best cast they found , as
usual Gordon at his best portrayed valiantly by Gary who usually gives
like 110% , there are many characters making us think and enjoy
throughout batman universe, bane bane bane he is like the crown of
jewels tom hardy is becoming the greatest actors of this generation,
Nolan is ever green and ever epic he delivers like none other he has
taken great depths into the universe and touched the heights and falls
of Gotham his creation and imagination is legendary and pure. i'm not
gonna start with story because everyone must get the feel and the
legacy dark knight rises is pure legacy with an exceptional and
visionary director u expect something extraordinary and he delivers !
Nolan is legend batman legacy never ends !
			
The expectations were soring high for this one.But this movie met most
of my expectations except my wish for wanting more.Satisfying as may
sound,the director does leave us pondering over the question(Spoiler:of
what Gotham will be without Batman)This film had everything ranging from action to humor scenes.But most
important part of the film was the script.Nolan was always a very good
script writer and he once again proved it.This final installment also
had a lot of twists and the story indeed proved to be multi-layered.
Catwoman was also well portrayed by Anne Hathway.According to me,she
portrayed it perfectly.Bane also proved to be one hell of an
enemy.Almost every character did their part very well.In short the
acting was superb.The way in which the story was presented by the
director ,was inspirational and most of the loose ends were taken care
of. This Batman's Trilogy will forever be remembered and hence the
saying:"The legend will never end."
			
After watching Nolan's previous movies namely The Prestige, Batman
Begins, The Dark Knight and Inception, there was no way I was going to
miss this one. Expected something much bigger than The Dark Knight; the
result was something that left me spell-bound. I'm not going to go into
the story, but there is one thing that I will tell you. This movie is
not just a regular action movie. No no no; this is something more;
something which was not present in The Dark Knight. It was revealed
that the theme for The Dark Knight was chaos. Now chaos is something on
which the Action genre thrives on; it is contagious and easily spreads
in audiences. That was what made The Dark Knight this great. Batman
Begins was based on Fear which to an extent can be felt easily; the
Horror faction of this industry lives on it and the movie although nice
was easily beaten by The Dark Knight. This movie, the conclusion, is
based on pain which is not as easily felt. The mind cant easily do that
as it is expecting Chaos, the legacy of The Joker(Heath Ledger R.I.P.)
but we are shown the pain. If you can be able to go to the theater
without expecting chaos; then only this movie can be thoroughly
enjoyed. Christian Bale again shows that he is the one man destined to
play Batman/Bruce Wayne. Strong performances by Anne Hathaway and
Joseph Gordon-Levitt raises the show. No need to say about the two old
masters Caine and Freeman. The show will be totally enjoyable even
without the pain understanding; but not as much. I, for one, am lucky
enough to grasp that pain. This movie has left me spell-bound and
speechless. It is one of the only that has and ever will.
			
The Movie is seriously an outstanding story... the way the three parts
are linked,the acting of the actors and actresses is simply
brilliant... Nolan,seriously now what to say about him,he simply shocks
us every single time by his brilliant direction.. He is the perfect
director... he can make any waste movie into a masterpiece... The
movies like Batman Forever,Batman and Robin,Batman Returns,Batman(the
older movies) were all kiddish sick movies,I wonder whether kids would
have also liked the four Movies(Batman Forever,Batman and Robin,Batman
Returns,Batman).. I hated those movies. But when Christopher Nolan
Released Batman Begins,The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises.....
After seeing these three movies I have become a fan of the trilogy...
In fact, I have become a fan of Christopher Nolan after seeing his
direction. The Dark Knight Rises is the best movie of 2012, its
emotional, dramatic,truly dark. It makes every single other superhero
movie look like utter waste, the 2 secrets of the movie are seriously
shocking, I want tell those 2 secrets because they are supposed to be
known only through the movie, people who have not watched the movie
should surely go and watch it because there is no way this movie can
disappoint anyone... Christian Bale.. or I must say Batman or Bruce
Wayne rocks in the movie, he sets the screen on fire by his brilliant
acting. Tom Hardy... or I must say Bane,is the perfect villain for this
movie.Tom Hardy is the only guy who suits the character Bane.He has too
set the fire on screen by his brilliant acting. Anne Hathaway... or I
must Catwoman or Selina Kyle is stunningly gorgeous in her role.. she
is perfect for the character Catwoman. The movie does not have much
role of Batman compared to Bane, but enough to make the movie exciting,
more of the role is played as Bruce Wayne by Christian Bale compared to
the role Batman.But still it not necessary that a superhero movie
should always have the superhero character to be played the most, this
is shown by Nolan, by showing this movie. People I would really tell
you to go watch this movie, because this is the kind of movie that
cannot be disappointing at any moment. When the movie was ending, I
dint want it to end, because I was thirsty for more. If your thinking
about it being very long to watch, then don't think that because you
will have fun every single second of the movie.
			
Case in point: Million Dollar Baby. By hinting at a plot twist later in
the film, reviewers completely killed the experience for their readers.Just go in clean slate to The Dark Knight Rises, then read the reviews.They will probably all say the same thing though: this is a masterful
conclusion to an epic trilogy.And that is no easy feat. Might I remind you that until TDKR's release,
no third movie in any superhero trilogy has been well received?That all changes today. Christopher's Nolan's Batman trilogy is
perfect, in the way that the original Star Wars trilogy is perfect:
revolutionary first film--masterpiece second film--flawed but
satisfactory third film.
			
WOW! standing ovation yet again. DKR=cinematic masterpiece. Brilliant
thought provoking script, acting/dialogue, nonstop
action/entertainment, score, visually astonishing scene by scene
perfection,twists, hits on emotions/drama etc etc etc..it was all
amazing! some of the reasons I'm hearing some ppl are against it makes
little sense to me. this movie is more nonstop action and entertainment
without sacrificing the character development it needed. the dark
knight was more about that character development to portray the joker
as a serial maniacal agent of chaos with no method to his madness.
outstanding execution of course by heath. tom Hardy's villain had a
more organizational meticulous terror he needed to portray and did a
fine job with this. all 3 stand alone strong and also together. the
first movie was courage vs fear whereas the second was chaos vs order
and this movie plays on terror throughout. tom hardy was outstanding.
there was more dialogue and substance to bruce wayne and batman and
Christian bale does his finest acting in this one. Michael Caine and
oldman are fantastic, Joseph Gordon Levitt does great, and this film
had the best of the female acting from all three movies too. the movie
hit on so many aspects, there was plenty going on to keep you
interested, just pure balance and harmony. its hands down best film i
ever seen.
			
This is a review without spoilers, I may do another one later on with
them, but for now I found myself in shock due to this incredible piece
of art, than more than just a movie, is an ocean full of emotions,
delivered by the hands of Christopher Nolan, the superb performances
from every single actor in this film, the exquisite and wise script,
plot, and entire story, and last but not least the music that is
absolutely breathtaking.I was thrilled, happy, sad, scared, and millions of emotions that went
straight to my heart, something just Nolan can make, the way he tells a
story, a unique way that can go beyond the impossible, beyond
everything that stands for filmmaking.This is not just an outstanding, sublime and magnificent film by
itself, but the greatest end to a trilogy that will stand and will be
remembered for ever. Yes, for ever. Thanks to everybody that made this possible, this is just pure joy and
excitement, brilliance everywhere, just THANK YOU.
			
I can't understand why some people so hate it, this movie is so
excellent, 8,6 is still too small for it. The Dark Knight Rise is the
best epic-hero film i ever see. I used to hate Batman film before. But
after this Trilogy and especially this film I love it so must. Never
see a Trilogy of hero can make my mind blow up like this. And Bane, oh
he so smart, although he is brutal but he love. Again after 2008 The
Dark Knight, i scare a villain like Joker. He is the one who can't
defeat Batman in boydy and soul. After see this film, I hate TDK
because some guy said Joker is so good than Bane, I hate TLOTR because
they said TLOTR trilogy is better than TDK trilogy. I hate them because
i fall in love with TDKR :D . Think again and vote it again. (please)
P/s: Christopher Nolan is the only director can make filmI always like.
His film is so beautiful and classic. Thank you Nolan.
			
Batman Begins was a comic book movie set in a real world. The Dark
Knight took that one step further and turned the classic
Batman-vs-Joker storyline into an epic crime caper, tightly edited and
propulsive in its narrative. The Dark Knight Rises is a mix of both. It brings back more of the
comic book elements that TDK abandoned (without any spoilers, let's say
it ventures to the roots of 'Begins' a bit for its characters'
backstories) while maintaining the hard-edged realism of its immediate
predecessor. It also has a sort of overwhelming, sprawling style of
narrative that is best compared to the old Hollywood studio system.
This is simply grand storytelling, on a large scale with tangible
crowds full of extras and without an over-reliance on CGI.Much has been said about the film since its release, with some crawling
out of the woodwork to complain about it being disappointing. I would
say it is a very satisfying ending to Nolan's trilogy, but not without
its flaws. Bane is a great villain, and Tom Hardy plays him perfectly;
but there was no way he could ever live up to the charismatic menace of
the Joker. He's not as iconic and quite simply he's not as fun. But
he's just as terrifying in his own way, and Nolan wisely chose Hardy
based on the intensity he can translate through his eyes alone.Bale, et al are all predictably solid (he's still the best Batman
despite the jokes about his voice) but Michael Caine really steps his
game up in his limited scenes as Alfred, who in an odd way almost
becomes the emotional centerpiece of this particular film and has an
emotionally stirring payoff.The last sequence of the film is one of the best endings I've ever
seen, even if there are some plot holes. Overall, this is an
emotionally resonant and intense finale to one of the best trilogies
ever made. It feels like the only film that could have been made to
close this story.
			
I love this movie! It is truly one of the best script I've seen and
experience in a long long time. I didn't know how they were going to
follow up after 'Dark Knight'. I enjoyed 'Bane', but felt 'Joker' was a
better villain. This movie dealt with Bruce Wayne. They went to a deep
level with this character, deeper than any other character ever in
movie history. The writing for this movie was brilliant in my opinion.
I hope they don't add a new story because this was a outstanding finish
to a great hero and story. Batman is a complex character, it can only
be done if Bruce Wayne is done right. And this hit it on the nose.
Action was great, didn't need over the top action to keep you
interested. True fans will be more than satisfied.
			
You know I was never a "Batman" Fan and the previous films didn't help
the cause either. But, these films made by Nolan, and I am sure I am
not the only one who shares this view, has made us look at the cape
crusader in a totally different light turning previous haters into
believers. I am one of them, and even though this trilogy is brilliant,
some parts of the series stand out far more than others; only a
continuous viewing can make you see these things. I have always
considered "The Dark Knight" a greater film than Nolan's conclusion,
but the viewing today not only confirmed those thoughts but did so with
an assertion never experienced before."The Dark Knight Rises", for the few who haven't seen it, is about the
return of Bruce Wayne as the masked crusader after the arrival of an
adversary unlike any he has faced before; Bane. The film is not about
this fierce rivalry but more about the evolution of Batman unlike ever
shown and the focus on it was pivotal to it's brilliance since Nolan
probably understood that a more vivid focus on it's hero than it's
villain would draw lesser comparisons to a part of the series hard to
match. I loved TDKR and did so more than I thought would be possible
because of the unmatched respect I have for TDK, and even though it
focused more on it's main protagonist, the reason why TDK was better
was because of introducing and tapping into so many other facets than
most films can ever aspire to. Some of them are:i) The Joker, who is not only the greatest character ever portrayed in
a comic-book based film, but also one of the greatest characters ever
portrayed on the silver screen. ii)The Joker gave light to not only his insanity but an insight into
the truth that ruled the chaotic world that was truer than one could
admit. He was the commentator, the catalyst and the indirect
protagonist. iii) It was also the only time that made people root for the bad guy in
a comic book film, a feeling I think which will ever be repeated. iv) The Joker's inclusion in the series made Bane seem more
insignificant in the grand scheme of things and would always make me
wonder how long Bane would last in a world with the Joker; I don't
expect very long, no one could, not even the Batman.v) Alfred was always insightful and he probably had his greatest scene
in the trilogy's conclusion but his performance in TDK was pivotal to
the understanding of the characters to which he was a witness to and
provide a commentary whose relevance was given credence to much later.
It was this aspect of Alfred's role that made his character more
fascinating than it ever was despite the great chemistry that always
existed between Bale and Caine through the films.vi) TDK not only had one villain who was superior in character depth
than Bane, but two. The second was Harvey "Two-Face" Dent whose
brilliance was amplified due to the understanding Eckhart brought to
his character in such a short space of time and showed the demise from
Hero to Villain with a sublime pace that could hardly be matched.vii) The screenplay was better, the acting, the story-telling and even
though the female characters in the conclusion were far more riveting
than Rachel could ever be, that including a greater understanding into
the Dark Knight were the only aspects that could be considered superior
to the qualities of "The Dark Knight", but everything else mentioned
made the previous a superior film.Even though I have stated a lot of reasons, it does not change the fact
that TDKR is not only a great conclusion to a great trilogy but a great
film which could stand on it's own. It might have been no "The Dark
Knight" but it's brilliance tapped into the most fundamental philosophy
concerning any film based on heroes, an understanding of it's
protagonist through a microscope and still making the audience root for
him. Even though it tapped into comic book fundamentals more than it's
highly acclaimed predecessor, TDKR was an exceptional comic book film
with another different insight. The difference is TDK is an exceptional
film and will forever be remembered for not being not only one based on
a comic book, but as a revolutionary piece of film-making that gave a
genre a more in-depth look than could ever be expected before or even
after it's time. Thanks if you have read my long two cents....
			
This is my first of many movies to come.I am sad at the fact that this is the last of the Chris Nolan Batman
film series, because there may never be anyone that can top this
amazing Directorial performance...mainly I'm speaking about this film.
Dark Knight Rises.Christian Bale delivered a mastering performance as Bruce Wayne and
Batman. When faced against Bane for the first time, he revealed a side
about Bruce & Batman that not many people same to remember. Batman is
only human. Tom Hardy was brilliant as Bane. He must have trained for months,
because he was bigger than the Batman. For the first time in all the Nolan Batman series, Batman finally met
his true match against a man more physically powerful and bigger than
he was. Did I mention he was quite agile for a big man? Bane was no
Joker, but Bane was exactly what Joker was not...very, very strong.The fight sequences between the two were some of the most exciting
scenes of the film.Michael Caine delivered again in his performance as Alfred. I was surprised to see Morgan Freeman more involved in action sequences
this time around, but he did great as Mr. Fox.As Commissioner Gordon, Gary Oldman played the role perfectly.
Personally I still believe that he did a better job with the Gordon
character in Dark Knight, but he still did great in this one. I love
his reaction at the end when Batman hints his identity to him. Boy was
he surprised.Anne Hathaway, my Goddess...I love you. You are by far the best
Catwoman I've ever seen. Yes...even better than Michelle Pfeiffer. She
was a devious but extremely sexy and quite intelligent Catwoman.Joseph Gordon Levitt's performance caught me quite off guard. I was not
sure about his character, Blake, until his scenes came up and to be
honest, they were exciting. He delivers time and time again and has
solidified himself as a potential A-List Actor. I look forward to
seeing more movies of his in the upcoming future.I felt Marion Cotillard's part was quite small compared to Inception,
but she came through in the end and wow. She's a beautiful actress who
was on her game in this film.I was very happy to see Liam Neeson return for a few seconds. I always
thought he played a great Ra's Al Ghul. Overall, I plan to continue watching this movie time and time again for
the rest of my life. I love this film and the ending to Nolan's vision
of his Batman series was in my opinion satisfying. I'm wondering what the studios plan to do to re-boot the Batman series.
Needless to say, it's gonna be almost impossible to top Nolan's Batman
films. I'm an aspiring film maker and needless to say...Nolan is someone I
look up to when it comes to film making. Thank you Chris Nolan for
bringing back the life the Batman films needed.10 out 10. This film is a must see.
			
I saw the 'Dark Knight Rises' at the drive-in without knowing anything
about Batman, or seeing any of the other movies. I came out
dumbfounded. Never have I been intrigued in an action movie as much as
I was in 'Dark Knight Rises. It's not that often that we see women in
power, so it was a nice surprise. Yes, I'm talking to you Marion
Cotillard and Anne Hathaway. You two were absolutely outstanding!
Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Blake was definitely the Breakout Performance
of the Year, and Tom Hardy and Christian Bale as Bane and Batman well,
enough said. Amazing performances given all around.When I actually saw 'Dark Knight Rises' in July, it was in the wake of
the Aurora, CO tragedy. I would just like to express my sorrow for the
people involved and their families. I know it's a little late, but to
me it is not even fathomable how someone can do that.
			
I know never in my life i'll be so angry of dieing Bruce and in the
same time so damn happy of seeing him alive.so sad of watching Alfred's
cry and so excited to see him laugh at the end of the movie. How
amazingly you took us into deep emotions,fears,hopes,sadness and so on
by making this movie. thank you all to make this film so beautiful.Of
course every one of the cast was perfect.i wish good luck for tom
hardy.he really deserves a very high place in art and of course acting.
Nolan did this job well-done again and will do in the future too.I gave
10/10 because it deserved the highest one.I hope you enjoyed the movie
and it's extraordinary music and of course my review.
			
I'm not gay if thats what you're thinking after reading the title.
However if Nolan wanted me too i would. He's the best director in the
world at the moment and has produced another all-time classic.Tom Hardy as Bane was nothing short of amazing. I was more pumped for
him because the man is adaptable (no pun there Anne). The opening scene
on the plane was not frightening it was exciting, he frightened me at
first but the second and third time viewing i was in awe of him. The
man brought it all during the film.Christian Bale as Batman/Bruce Wayne was perfect AGAIN. You had Keaton
who was an awful Bruce Wayne but a good Batman. Val who was an awful
Batman but a good Bruce Wayne and Clooney who well we'll move on from
him. But Bale is the first actor to be awesome at BOTH sides of him, i
actually could relate to him.Gary Oldman is beyond awesome too as Commissioner Gordon. He was
featured heavily in this film and the scene with Blake at Blakes
apartment was purely brilliant.Speaking of Blake played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt he was also wonderful.
I love the man and i think he's one of the hottest stars in Hollywood.Caine was so good it was emotional watching him leave Wayne Manor, wow
a tear nearly shed. Wonderful acting.What i liked about the film the most though was seriousness, my friends
said 'Yeh it was good bit too serious' and i was thinking ARE YOU
FREAKING KIDDING ME!? it was perfect! It was the first real superhero
movie that told a story with deeper meaning than stopping the villain.I rate it 10/10 my favorite film of all time cannot wait till it comes
out on DVD I'm so excited for it.
			
Did anyone see the boom mic in the scene with Marion Cotillard praying
at a window towards the end? It happened at 2 hours and 35 minutes into
this film. There was no dialog in the scene. This makes me wonder why
there was a boom mic anyway. The scene was not even necessary at all.I thought it was a very good movie and a good ending to a powerful
series. Christopher Nolan did a great job in concluding a classic
series. I hope we see more of Robin in future movies, and I'm sure we
will. Christian Bale played a great Batman. I ask myself, though, what
will become of Alfred? Is the Bat Cave lost forever, too? I wonder if
Bane will appear again, too.
			
I seen this movie and i assure that this is the best trilogy that i
ever see. The best end for the batman legend. And i don't know how to
explain the feelings that this movie bring to us. Chris Nolan putted
sadness, tragic, shuch us this and i get with out words. Is the best
films of dc comics. It boders why some people doesn't find this movie
as great that i think. Christopher Nolan gave us a definitive Batman on
film, and he has now given us the definitive end to the Batman legend.
While I still have that mix of feelings about the end of this film saga
I've so loved, I have no mixed feelings about how great a film this is
or its status as the best Batman film of all time. And whatever sadness
I feel as we leave the era of Christopher Nolan's Batman behind, that
sadness cannot match the endless gratitude and immense joy I've felt
watching this franchise, a franchise that delivered at long last on the
promises made to me in my childhood many decades ago.
			
Again a great movie by Christpopher Nolan... I enjoyed a lot after
watching it... Christian Bale fits to batman's personally and his
attitude... This movie has already earn to gain position in top 20
IMDb's great movies list... The expectations resting on Dark Knight
Rises was raised to the heavens, mainly due to its previous movie,
where Heath Ledger's stunning performance as the Joker blew away the
minds of the audience. The storyline was awesome and almost
unpredictable. Bane is always a special character and one of most
difficult vigilant of Batman. The best part we are still having hope to
see bane in future films if there..!! Thanks Christiii.. Now we all are
looking for Batman's fourth part from you and Christian Bale..!!
			
Christopher Nolan had the difficult task to overcome himself after
2008's unforgettable "The Dark Knight". And truth is that he doesn't
let anyone down by delivering a final chapter, I dare saying, at the
level of it's predecessor. Set in a tense and anarchic landscape, Gotham City is the stage to a
mesmerizing visual showdown, beautifully orchestrated by Hans Zimmer's
accurate soundtrack. The plot itself unveils slowly but also precisely
leaving no loose ends and where all the pieces keep fitting themselves
like in a perfect puzzle.Concerning the villain for this ultimate Batman disclosure,
expectations where high due to Heat Ledger's mythic performance in the
previous film. However, Tom Hardy's impersonation is a success, not
superior to Ledger but equally special. The British actor is able to
embody in perfection the character of a brutal and revolutionary Bane,
with a way of expressing himself both scary and addictive, leaving the
viewer long for his presence on screen. As for the rest of the
luxurious cast, they deliver performances that underline a more human
side that the English director has achieved to input throughout the
series."The Dark Knight Rises" is a masterpiece that confirms the versatility
of someone like Christopher Nolan, without a doubt, the most competent,
talented and unquestionably remarkable filmmaker of our times. And it
is time to give him credit for that.
			
Actually I thought they have shown all the important scenes in trailer
and promo itself like Transformers 3 where there is nothing to be
surprised in movie so I didn't go with any expectation but then I was
blown away in the second half.Tom hardy's portrayal as bane is
terrorizing Christian bale managed his body language excellently while
transforming from retirement stage to re-entry to THE RISE.Anne
Hathaway maybe a bit disappointment in the beginning but somehow
managed to be okay in the second half. Another great thing about the
movie is music it's totally fresh and like there can't be a better
background music for the movie than this.Hans zimmer has really set the
pace for this movie. It cant be said this movie is much better than The
Dark Knight but so far this is the BEST ending for a comic hero and
once again Nolan did a great job.
			
This movie keeps you on the edge of your seat. Not only is it action
packed it contains a beautiful story line. I think the deep story line
is what sets these three movies apart from the rest of the hero
stories. There is obviously more time spent on the story line in this
series of movies than most hero movies. The Avengers is a good example
of an action packed movie with less of a story line. I felt The Dark
Knight Rises evoked more emotions than The Avengers. It was not as
light hearted and witty like Iron Man or the Green lantern. I would
suggest you see both of the batman movies (Batman Begins and the Dark
Knight) before this one. It does a good job tying up lose ends.
			
I love this trilogy. All have shown a great story and amazing realism.I just have 1 problem with Bane. The mask. The film says it's to "Dull
the memories". However in the original comics he wears a mask because
of a gas called Venom to give him his super strength. Breaking batman's
spine. Hence the term the man who broke the bat. Where as in the film
there seems to be no use of that at all.I was worried that the 'innocent' Anne Hathaway would not live up to
the notorious catwomen's reputation. Yet somehow she managed to pull it
off.Christian Bale did another great performance and I was very pleased to
hear he went to visit the Colorado shooting injured victims.The only problem with the storyline is that if you're a fan of batman
it is really obvious where everything is going. Like Miranda is Talia,
and Blake was Robin. I could see that from the very beginning.All in all, It is a great film and would be glad to watch it again and
again.
			
There are no perfect movies and there are no perfect directors. But
there are great movies and great directors. 'The dark knight rises' may
not be the greatest movie ever made (comes close to that) but
Christopher Nolan is definitely 'The Greatest Director' Hollywood
mainstream cinema has ever produced. I'm not kidding or this is no
bombastic exaggeration.Four years ago, Christopher Nolan delivers one of the finest pieces of
modern cinema, complemented by a stunning performance by Heath Ledger
as 'The Joker'.The Joker is considered the best arch-nemesis of Batman. He has a dark
and twisted sense of humor, he's psychotically intelligent and a
sadistic genius. Nolan recreates a sinister psychopath like no other
Batman comics did. Remember how the joker narrates two different
stories to Rachel and Gambol on how he gets the scars? That said,
Ledger's mannerisms have pushed the Joker to the ultimate levels of
villain-ism so much that he is 'The Only' actor to have ever won the
Oscar for playing a comic book character.Even before the movie was released, everyone was doubtful if Joker's
role could be reprised. Tom Hardy's 'Bane' is no Heath Ledger's
'Joker'. 'Bane' is all about power and control by force. Joker does
this by corruption. True to the character in comics, Bane is the only
arch-rival of Batman who has inflicted physical pain to Batman, thus
pushing Batman to the limits of human endurance and emotions, which
wasn't done by Joker. So, if you ask me, who's great, Joker or Bane, I
will have diverse answers but with justifications.Back to the movie, if 'Batman Begins' is a towering adaptation of the
comic book character, 'The Dark Knight' is a grandiose noir epic. And
'The Dark Knight Rises' is? With expectations running high among the
fans after the highly successful and critically acclaimed 'The Dark
Knight', Nolan has directed this intricate end to the trilogy trying to
live to the expectations. Did he succeed? My answer is yes.The horizon of super-eminence set by the spectacular 'The Dark Knight'
is mercilessly trampled over by 'The Dark Knight Rises' in a
transcending phenomenal tale of rage, destruction, power and
redemption. The incredible story telling is well supported by Joseph
Gordon Levitt, Marion Cotillard, Micheal Caine, Morgan Freeman, Anne
Hathway (not in any order though). Each of them delivers thumping and
truly amazing performance.If you are wondering that I missed Tom Hardy and Christian Bale, I just
parked them for a bigger praise. Tom Hardy as Bane is ruthless, strong
(stronger than Batman), intelligent and organized. He delivers one of
the finest roles by in a villainous role, where he's equally matched
against Batman. The mask through which an analgesic gas passes without
which Bane cannot survive, adds to his demonic demeanor which is
accentuated further by his voice. His voice is cold, scary and
chilling.Christian Bale is tailor made for Batman. He has immortalized Batman,
forever. His emotions, choices, rules and transitions between Bruce
Wayne and Batman make him perhaps the pick of the entire acting prowess
in this movie.Technically speaking, this has to the best movie ever made. Hans
Zimmer's background score is definitely a mile better than his own
score in the previous installment. In fact, I can rank this next only
to James Horner's score in Titanic, the best ever BG score ever in a
movie.If a picture is worth thousand words, then Wally Pfister's
cinematography is worth every splendiferous word found in the
dictionary.This movie has set a new level in Hollywood-film making. The
transitions between the scenes happen very butter-smooth. Every scene
is executed meticulously well. The IMAX scenes are superbly shot giving
us the immersive feeling into the movie. Couple of shots (not
mentioning them as I don't want to spoil your movie watching
experience) are genuinely new and can be ranked as the best ever in any
movie.If you ever wanted to know what adrenaline rush means, if you ever
wanted to know what master-class film making means, if you ever wanted
to know what an impeccable movie should be like, rush to your nearest
theater, preferably an IMAX and I assure you that you will slip from
your comfortable resting-the-back position to the edge-of-the-seat with
time as the movie gets better and better with every passing minute.For the first time ever while watching a movie, I was sad because the
legend has finally come to an end. You will just fall in love with this
movie. And don't go by those murky reviews out there, which will spoil
the fun. I will watch the movie a second time and a third. Perhaps a
fourth time too.
			
Just a marvelous way to end one of best trilogies ever made. When you
watch this movie do not compare it to the one of a kind acting
performed by the late Heath Ledgar. This is an excellent movie, comic
book lovers might feel the need to disagree, but this is Goyer and
Nolan's comic which they made it into the best trilogy ever made. I
would like to thank Mr. Nolan and the whole cast and crew for making
Batman movie franchise into how it should be seen. I've been waiting
for someone to rise the Batman character after Michael Keaton and Tim
Burton left the Batman family. Then when I heard in 2004 about Batman
Begins, I still had my doubts till I saw the movie on opening night
(the first ever movie I saw by myself in a movie theatre). Then came
the second one which topped the first and now this. My heartily
condolences go out to all the lives that were lost in Colorado shooting
and will be praying for all their family members.
			
Wow. After seeing this movie in the cinema I sat silent in the room for
several minutes. Then I sat silent in the car on my way home and now I
can't go to sleep because of this movie. It left me emotional on a
level non before existing from a superhero movie, or even any other
film I have ever seen.This was the end of Christopher Nolan's Batman
trilogy and it delivered beyond my unreasonably high expectations. Of
course there are minor things that I would have liked to be different,
but nothing that changes the fact that this movie is phenomenal. Thank
you Christopher Nolan and crew, you have given me three movies that
always will be close to my heart. And people, see this and enjoy...
			
I fell in love with Christopher Nolan's style when I first watched
Memento. To find out that he has directed only 10 films in his career,
and that of those ten 7 are remarkable favourites, defines a definite
place of respect in the roster of artists I know. His latest film, "The
Dark Knight Rises" propulses him to the status of legend. Never before has the creation that comes from the tension between good
and evil ever been so palpable. The new enemies Batman has to face
define a new level of evil and danger that rival those of the Joker.
Batman meets this new challenge with an impressive new level of heroism
and strength in his character and physical ability. The controlled chaos that ensues is quite impressive; especially when
one considers the loyalty Nolan has to realism. One needs only to look
at the 13 minute featurette on the official movie website to have an
idea of the hard work invested in producing every delectable scene. The movie is 160 minutes long with a steady pace, with each second as
impactful as a titan's reverberating footstep. I cannot reveal more
without communicating any spoilers, but each actor was amazing in their
own role. Catwoman was nothing short of stunningly appealing and
marvellously enchanting. And the end? I was told that it was the most satisfying ending
possible. I cannot agree more. Indeed, it left me in awe of Christopher
Nolan for his ability to write and direct such awesome works.
			
Yes, a hero had to rise... and 'batman can be anybody' that was his
thought.... where Gotham stood by his side....and he had to make the
last ultimate sacrifice... I thank Chris Nolan.... for the characters
depicted so beautifully.... Alfred, Selina kyle.... Gordon everybody...
thank you.... The likeliness of Bane however thought by many not
suiting... I found that very natural out of him. He was a cold blooded
mercenary who was in love. On the other hand Selina Kyle could not stop
but to follow the 'bat' but rise...that is an epic conversion of
character to goodness and I liked it. Alfred on the other hand was very
caring as we know of him... At last Gotham stood by the fallen hero...
to rise again... that's where the epic conclusion is ever lasting...
and will not fade away from our hearts for years to come.
			
Chris Nolan's 'The Dark Knight Rises', perhaps the most anticipated
flick of 2012 and,well,it doesn't disappoints.After producing 2008's
'The Dark Knight', perhaps the most brilliant superhero movie one would
ever get to see, the expectation was sky high.Though, i would like to
mention, it was not able to surpass the supremacy of the earlier
installation but nothing wrong with it, as The Dark Knight was a
perfect film in all aspect, in other words, it's not meant to be
outdone(even Nolan cannot recreate that magic again).This final chapter
is more related to the first installation of the franchisee 'The Batman
Begins', the character of Liam Neeson reprises again.Talking about the
character of Bane played by Tom Hardy, it is played by conviction but
relative to the Heath Ledger's Joker it fells short by long way.New
characters, like that of Anne Hatheway's Catwoman is best of the lots
fitting right in the shoes of Catwoman perfectly, making Michelle
pfeiffer's Catwoman look like next to pathetic and Levitt's character
of young officer was very promising and exciting as well.Morgan Freeman
and Gary Oldman were at there usual best. Micheal Caine holding the
emotional element tight and cozy. But it was the Bat himself, Christian
Bale playing the vigilante so perfectly that one cannot imagine anybody
else playing the Batman other than him.But the real Dark Knight is the
Chris Nolan himself synchronizing the epic trilogy so flawlessly....
now clearly joining the elites like Spielberg, Cameron and Lucas!!!
			
Nolan has brought a comic book hero to a real life one. & he has
succeeded 100% in it. There couldn't be another fitting finish to
this.Nolan has brought a special charm to this franchise.He never left
a stone unturned.Every thing is connected perfectly.Ras Al Gul,harvey
dent, everything comes to connect.Joker has been left out in this
movie, respect to Heath ledger.The casting is perfect.I should
mention,Tom hardy's 'Bane' was brilliant & brutal.The background score
was gripping & awesome.The movie grabs you to the screen once it
starts. Christian bale was excellent as usual.Anne hathaway & Joseph
gordon levitt was a welcome addition.The movie is tense,keeping you at
the edge of the seat throughout.Overall, Christopher Nolan has proved
yet again to be one of the best ever with his vision.Watch this with
confidence, for you have a winner that will steal your heart.I rate it
one of the best ever trilogies.This is the Gotham we never imagined
about.But Nolan has showed us.This is it.Gotham!This is your
liberation.
			
the dark knight, the batman..well it's all epic. if it was in my hands
i would put the whole dark knight and batman and christopher nolan's
crew and Christian bale into one production and it was nothing but
continuing this story and only this and every year give out a new
series of batman. it's too bad to see that it's just a 'trilogy' .
these actors and actresses are fit to this kind of movies. i hope
Christopher nolan will come with a new story and script to Christian
bale and make the new batman which so far is rumored as 'batman:
reboot' and blow our expectations once again and again. hope this movie
be rated as world's #1 and be there forever.
			
I am sitting here in the theater and the end credits are rolling on the
big screen. I am in awe of what I went through in the last 2 & a half
hours. Sheer genius and hard work. I came in here after 3 years of
endless wait, after reading through scores of tributes from Dark Knight
Fans, to watch an Epic end...in a Grand Style. And what I witnessed is
beyond what I even imagined.TDKR is full of symbolism. Almost everywhere you can see the symbols
hidden in the scenes, situations.Mr. Nola's mastery is evident in the
fact that even if people may not decipher those symbols, they will
still be able to acknowledge them and appreciate.Throughout the movie, not a single soul moved in the theater and that
says something about the Movie as I don't remember local crowd being so
behaving ever before. What Mr Nolan achieved is what even the Bollywood
(so acclaimed Drama Masters) have forgotten. Make people root for
characters, make them cry.You watch Mr. Nolan's works and you come to understand what the word
Vision actually means. It means something so powerful that it can
influence even the people surrounding the visionary, move them to the
core. Half-way through the TDKR, I started feeling that in trying to
overpower his own creation (TDK), Mr Nolan had perhaps lost control on
this one. But, I was wrong. I forgot that he is one (most probably, the
only one) director who never gives in to humanesque temptations of
bettering Masterpieces. And that is precisely why...he is able to outdo
himself, and again.I won't be human, if I don't have any complaints against Mr. Nolan. And
my complaint is, "Why do you make us wait for 3 years? Why don't you do
it more often, say every 3 months?". I know even 3 months is a long
period, but I can endure that much to be engrossed by a masterpiece.Till then, I am going to watch TDK Trilogy again...and again.
			
The way this was done was wonderful it is a wonderful masterpiece. I
love who they chose for what parts in the movie. There are parts in the
story line when you think you know what happens next your wrong and it
goes another way.There are a couple old faces that surprise you
tremendously. There where about three parts that i was crying in the
theater but when that happens it hits you in the heart. If you are a
batman fan or a fan of Christopher Nolan. You'll love it. The End is
the best part that leads up to a possible story. The ending is the end
and the possible began but not for batman. But for another and not cat
woman either. masterfully played and played masterfully.
			
The third and final installment of Christopher Nolan's highly
successful Batman trilogy, "The Dark Knight Rises" was my most
anticipated movie of the entire year. I've been extremely pumped for a
third movie, anticipating for Nolan's final film in the trilogy. Now,
I'm so happy to report that "The Dark Knight Rises" is one of the best
films of the year. Set nearly eight years after the Joker has caused
mayhem in Gotham City in "The Dark Knight", the movie brings back
Christian Bale, bringing a more likable and challenging charm to the
character of Bruce Wayne a.k.a. Batman, The Caped Crusader, who has
been spending his eight years into exile, hiding in the newly enhanced
Wayne Manor. After finally deciding to strap on the Bat-suit one last
time, he must now face an incoming massacre in the form of Bane, played
by Tom Hardy. Bringing in some new characters to the mix, Anne Hathaway
plays the sexy Selina Kyle a.k.a. Catwoman, Tom Hardy plays the deadly
villain of Bane, Joseph Gordon-Levitt as an undercover cop with a
past...and maybe a future, and Marion Cotillard as a lovely employer of
Wayne Enterprises. Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, and Gary Oldman all
return, reprising their roles as Butler Alfred, Lucius Fox, and
Commissioner Gordon respectively. I couldn't ask for more than to watch
all these actors shine on screen. But is it no surprise that this movie
succeeds easily in it's delivery? Christopher Nolan's directing once
again is incredibly flawless, giving the audiences what they want, in
such a unique and stylized manner. He wants the audience to be amazed,
on the edge of their seat, wondering what's going on, or what's
happening next. His way of storytelling is just magical to watch unfold
on screen. Even if the 165-minute run time seems to drag somewhere near
the middle act of the movie, it's just a minor flaw that can't stop
this movie's momentum. The production design, the effects, the
cinematography, the musical score, and the directing is true filmmaking
at it's finest. As for the cast, Christian Bale is still top-notch as
Bruce Wayne, Michael Caine delivers more back-story and confidence in
his character, and everyone from Morgan Freeman, Marion Cotillard, and
Gary Oldman is just flawless. But, there are three performances in this
movie that makes it definitely shine. First of all, Anne Hathaway
delivers one of the best performances of her career, delivering one of
the best spin-offs to the character of Catwoman. Although often
difficult to understand through a steel mask, Tom Hardy is still great
in the role as Bane, and similar to Hathaway's Catwoman, he delivered
some of the coolest lines of dialouge, and carried some of the most
expectations. But it's impossible to compare this to the brilliant work
of Heath Ledger's Joker! Finally, Joseph Gordon-Levitt delivers a
brilliant performance that stands out as one of the most important
characters of the entire film, as he helps to tell the story in such a
great way possible. Most scenes are so jaw-dropping, they just want
your eyes glued to the screen. Especially the climax of the movie which
makes it impossible for you to not smile. Speaking of the climax, out
of everything that made this movie great, from the directing, acting,
music, effects, cinematography, sound, editing, and writing, the
conclusion, the last few minutes, of this masterful motion picture was
just perfect. It was an excellent way to conclude this incredible
trilogy of movies! No spoilers will be spoken, but the ending is for
your imagination to decide. Although at it's often slow parts, "The
Dark Knight Rises" really paid off for what it wanted to be. This is an
intense, wonderful, and exciting piece of filmmaking that has brought
an end to a fantastic series of movies! "The Dark Knight Rises", in my
review, "a fantastic spectacle, groundbreaking and masterfully
incredible".In other words, I like to end this review on a serious note. I would
like to take this time to send my condolences to the victims and
families whom were either killed or injured in the theater massacre in
Aurora, Colorado. It really gives me pain to see something like that
happen. Innocent people who just wanted to be captured in the magic of
a movie, and escape from reality, ended up being killed for no reason.
It's also really sad to still be remembering this story, while trying
to enjoy a movie! I really feel bad for these recent events, and I for
one, truly feel very sorry for this event to have been occurred! It
really is a heartbreaking story to know about. So, I would like to
deliver some straight apologies to the victims and families that have
sadly been involved in this massacre, and say sorry to the 12 dead, and
58 injured. Thank you!
			
dark knight plays an important part in my life it introduced me to Mr
Nolan ...it was than when i came to know about prestige memento
illusionist were his works ....i never believed in superheroes before
but than came dark knight and suddenly i m batman fan ...it was than i
saw batman begins but i was stuck to batman ..saw whole animated series
, animated movies old batman movies justice league session but out of
all these nothing stands as Mr Nolan's works ...dark knight rises is
one more stepping stone to his success ....its one more feather in his
crown ... now people are going to argue that it was not as good as dark
knight but people don't compare apples with oranges ....you can easily
see how third movie in trilogy can easily ruin the package ...may it be
terminator or Bourne series ...it is an exceptional work ..kept me for
all time in edge of my seat ..with all boom boom and bang there were
heart beats for cat woman ...respect for Morgan freeman and Gary oldman
...bane as furious as he is ....but the best work was done behind
camera ,,,,,, i just want to say that batman fan or no batman fan u
gotta see this one ....i m overwhelmed and i hate Nolan for making me
wait 4 years :-/
			
I could rate The Dark Knight only 10 out of 10 stars, had there been 12
stars, I would have rated it 12. The Dark Knight Rises deserves 10
stars and no more.Batman is the only one still Human, amongst the other Super Humans and
a watchful protector in true sense, who cares for the people beyond
limit.The Dark knight Rises (TKDR) is truly impressive, with a well knitted
plot to support the high drama, the spectacular action sequences and a
befitting and satisfying ending to this Great Trilogy orchestrated by
Christopher Nolan over the past 7 years (since it was 1st released on
screen), even more enthralling and buoy, a more exciting and riveting
experience was to expect what story Nolan had planned to hit us with
after the world beating, The Dark Knight. Every moment the 20th July
2012 was nearing, the wait was becoming unbearable. Such is his
creative captivity that, marvelous actors like Bale, Freeman, Caine,
Oldman & even Hathaway, Levitt and Hardy couldn't give nothing less
than their best performances, yet they were all just a part of a
fabulous and truly phenomenal creation of Nolan. This series is
definitely the best Super Hero film series ever made.They named it the epic conclusion and alas to that. I still hope, Nolan
or someone else can come up with something new and an exciting plot
(though I would prefer to see a Nolan movie anytime), and that we can
once again watch batman cruising over Gotham...! P.S.: Still miss Heath
Ledger
			
As a longtime fan of Batman, I rejoiced every time there was news of a
big screen incarnation of the character and his unique, dark story. I
liked the 2 Burton films but when Nolan unveiled his first in the
trilogy, I was an instant fan. And in the hands of Christian Bale, I
felt that fans got the Batman/Bruce Wayne portrayal they truly
deserved.I honestly don't get why some critics found TDKR disappointing. Maybe
they prefer the darker, crime movie elements of TDK and the face-off
between the Joker and Batman or maybe the 3rd film felt too much like
other Nolan films (The Prestige and Inception) with plot twists and an
extended closing sequence tying all the threads together. But after
having seen the first 2 Batman films before heading off to the theater
to see the last installment, I can honestly say that TDKR is my
favorite of the trilogy.Setting aside the unique experience of seeing it unfold on IMAX, the
film satisfies on all levels - the emotional core of the film remains
intact with Michael Caine's superb Alfred and Bale's deeply wounded
Bruce Wayne. There are fresh elements in Anne Hathaway's sexy and
mercurial Selina Kyle and JGLevitt's earnest portrayal of John Blake.
The rest of the old cast: a wonderful as always Gary Oldman, the
reassuring Lucius Fox, even the cameo by Liam Neeson - was enough to
send viewers at the screening I attended applaud with glee. Bane was
likewise a menacing presence.TDKR bridges the more conventional elements of the origins film in
Batman Begins and retains some of the darkness of TDK. Even better,
with each set piece (the motorcycle hostage taking at the NYSE was
edge-of-your seat amazing)and quiet moment between key characters,
Nolan has given us a great 3rd film.And lastly, kudos to the director for bringing Bale and Hathaway
together on screen. The chemistry between the 2 actors is something I
haven't seen in a long time. Positively purrrfecct.
			
I went to see Dark Knight Rises yesterday and while i thought it would
be good, I had no idea it would effectively blow away the second movie
in the series and become the new best superhero movie ever and arguably
the best movie ever (Only can consider Shawshank to be better). It is
very difficult to find any flaw with this movie. The directing and
acting were top notch. While Tom Hardy's Bane didn't have the charisma
of Ledger's Joker, he more than made up for that in menace and
intelligence. Hathaway was a surprisingly effective Catwoman, and all
the regulars lived up to their expectations. The development of "Robin"
became somewhat obvious early in the movie when we discovered how large
his role was.To me, this movie had undertones of Superman II (Reeves version) from a
hopelessness sense, as well as Rocky 3, from the sense that the hero
was facing an evil from a different uprising and had to "find himself"
to conquer. The movie was over 2.5 hours long and seemed too short. The
pacing was perfect and the characters were properly developed and
written in. This was a truly emotional story as batman has to learn how
to beat his main foe in a psychological battle while battling his own
personal demons. The movie made you feel completely hopeless and builds
up perfectly to an amazing climax and finish. Throughout the movie, you
wonder if it can get any worse for Batman and Gotham, and it always
manages to continue adding some adversity regardless how dire you think
the situation is. And just when you think Batman wins, he is given
another obstacle to overcome.Bane easily should become one of the most menacing bad guys in cinema
history. While his demise is somewhat anti-climactic and maybe the only
flaw of the movie to some, it is in turn a realistic demise and
satisfying because we know Batman doesn't kill anyway. Batman becomes
one of the most sympathetic heros in cinema as his "rise" took the
entire movie and cost him everything. The series is tied together at
the end and i think it provides a more than satisfying conclusion to
one of, if not the best, trilogies in movie history.
			
Lets first check the movie technically. It will feel like one
continuation of Batman Begins. In Dark Knight the link was missing, it
was kind of different from 1st and 3rd part of series. Ra's AL Ghul
were everywhere in the movie. As a movie It was probably the greatest
movie ever in the history of mankind.With such a dramatic ending.
During the movie itself someone will hardly feel this is a fictional
superhero movie. It was so real. The consequences of an event in the
movie was created extremely intellectually. It seems like Christopher
Nolan will be the greatest ever movie maker or may be just next Stanley
Kubrick, but for this 21st century he is the Greatest. He gave Batman a
extraordinary life which people will be remembering for ages.
Christopher Nolan is overcoming himself in each of his movies.
			
Saw this movie on 7/22 and for the first time in a very LONG time I
found myself leaving the theater as I was pulled in by the storyline.Have seen the previous Nolan epics several times and this one is very
different. I felt myself gripped by the mounting tension, moved by the
aftermath. Tom Hardy is supreme as the evil Bane who seemingly knows no
bounds.Many have criticized Nolan for not including a reference to Ledger's
Joker...it simply was not needed in this film. Just a wonderfully
crafted storyline to end the trilogy. Totally enthralling on so many
levels.Looking forward to purchasing this final installment...I've enjoyed
watching both Batman Begins (you shd see it to get some insight into
this installment--this has been published by reviewers so I don't think
I'm giving anything away) and The Dark Knight. Each time I watch I'm
able to observe some of the finer points of the film from visuals to
dialogue. Thing you may not catch from watching once. This last
installment is no exception. I'm looking forward to being able to watch
and observe the finer details of the story.
			
The dark knight rises is a kind of film which blows your mind ........
keeps u engaged for the entire 2 hr 45 min with its emotions and the
storyline. i can say that those 2 hr 45 min were the best 2 hr 45 min
of my entire life. Nolan created another masterpiece. truly an epic
conclusion to the dark knight legend and i liked it even more than the
dark knight, this is the best movie of the year, brilliant acting by
Christian bale,Anne Hathaway and tom hardy, Chris Nolan does it again
and he proves with this movie that he is the best director, i recommend
everyone to watch it, it has a very strong and a deep storyline filled
with emotions with a satisfying and awesome climax, don't miss this
film the movie is the best thing ever happened to me
			
Still i can say... The Dark Knight Rises is below The Dark Knight. i
felt like something is missing. After watched the movie that is Nolan's
screenplay magic and i am Damn sure. Cause we can say what will happen
next it's just predictable. Bane's introduction the moment Miranda Tate
changing to villain, climax, Robin introduction and climax restaurant
scene (Anna and Bale). it just the ordinary director movie not
Christopher Nolan Movie. In Dark knight we can't say what will happen
next except death of joker,but in rises we can say that.Except these things we can enjoy the movie. If you are going to the
movie with too much of expectation you will get some distraction. But
when we talk about the making we can say it's Damn good than The Dark
knight. Some of the scenes only you could get the Nolan touching like
Bane's immigration in Gotham.But Performance wise we have to say Tom hardy done very good job. as
usual Bale well played and Anna also good when she is in Cat women
dress.But after all this happened still love this movie and Still miss you
JOKER.10/10
			
We all have been waiting for 3rd and the final part of the Batman
Trilogy for a long time.And i must say it has lived up to it's
expectations and performed far better then expected. Overall action
sequences the expression the outfits actors even the voice of
Bane(which can give anyone creeps) performed it's magic on the silver
screen. Personally i suggest everyone to go and watch this movie asap
as it truly is one of the best movies of the current decade. The star
cast the angles and the Cinematography..all made me awestruck in the
Movie hall..A must watchMy rating 10/10
			
The wait was fruitful as I saw the movie on the very first of its
release. The movie will add laurels to the career of Nolan and I want
to thank him for presenting my best comic hero so well on screen. TDKR
is a well thought end to the series and the way Nolan has innovated the
background of the characters, be it Cat woman or be it Robin,is
commendable.Now on not only I am a big fan of Batman but also of Nolan,
the year brain behind this awesome series which will always be
remembered by movie and batman lovers.One more important thing was the
way in which the three parts were connected with each other. Every
character has its importance and series couldn't be thought of as a
success if any one the characters is removed. Such was the level of
brainstorming involved in the project. Hats off to the maker and the
actors. This is the best trilogy I have ever seen and it had effected
me to such an extent that it had forced me to register add IMDb and
give my reviews for the same.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is the end of director Christopher Nolan's grand
trilogy that began with Bruce Wayne's journey into darkness as he
learned the difference between fighting for vengeance and fighting for
justice. He took down the city's biggest crime lord while
simultaneously raising the bar for what it takes to commit crime in
Gotham. The Dark Knight brought Wayne's character to the next level as
he faced off with the Joker, a man who really didn't want anything but
Gotham's corruption and destruction. Batman had to look inward and see
how far he would have to go to stop monsters like the Joker. The end of
The Dark Knight left our hero broken as he had to make some painful
compromises that would cost the city and all the characters involved to
see that the Joker's reign of terror was not successful. In many ways
The Dark Knight Rises presents the end of Bruce Wayne's journey as
Batman as he finally comes to understand exactly what it will take to
save to dark and corrupt city of Gotham. Is this the conclusion fans
have been waiting for, or does this film destined to live in the shadow
of its outstanding predecessors?Read the full review: http://wp.me/p1tyJd-dw
			
Well I am from India, So When The Dark Knight came out I didn't have
much idea about what it was.So I saw it five-six months after, when it
was released.And I was completely blown away, what a movie that was,
than I watched Batman Begins and I absolutely loved it.So I started
searching about the updates related to these movies and than the news
of a sequel came out.I was waiting for this movie since that time.So
the expectations were high , I wanted to see it in theater, first day
first show.And now, I have already watched it twice and I am planning
for a third outing. What a movie, It was much more darker than the
previous movies. Initially I thought, Okay It's good but not The Dark
Knight, but as the movie progressed, I was absolutely glued to the
screen. What a performance from Christian bale, people complained that
he was overshadowed by Heath ledger's joker, which was true. But here,
he absolutely nailed it.You can see the pain in his eyes, on his body,
everywhere. It was all about Batman this time.The supporting cast was
also fantastic.Tom hardy as Bane was absolutely menacing and was really
looking like he can give tough competition to batman. Anna Hathaway was
also impressive as Selina Kyle.JGL as Blake, and my favorite trio
Morgan freeman,Michael Caine and Gary Oldman were Marvellous.All the
action sequences were just fantastic.And Above All, Christofer Nolan's
direction and Hans zimmer's music score was absolutely
breathtaking.When the movie ended, Everyone stood up from their seats
and gave a standing ovation. I haven't seen anything like that in a
movie theater, specially in India.This is, what I wanted.Recently I saw
this term on internet, And I can proudly say, Yes, I am a
"Nolanite".10/10
			
Despite what reviewers said, I am so glad I went to see this movie.
This was, by far, the best of the entire series. Christopher Nolan
brought a beautiful sense of, I would say "closure" but that's not
really descriptive enough. He brought a beautiful and satisfying sense
of "completion", meaning and satisfaction to this series. It was my
favorite by far & I'll go back and bring others with me. It was so
rich, with different layers in the characters and plot, tying together
threads from the previous movies. It really felt beautifully woven
together. Everything had it's place, in it's proper time, and all the
"loose ends" were tied up in the most perfect way (not too loosely,
obliquely, heavy-handed or with too much sentimentality). Just perfect!
The underlying messages were so powerful & in the end, uplifting, I
left the theater feeling like I wanted to see it again and take people
I care about with me to see it. Bravo Christopher Nolan --- you did a
magnificent job, certainly what the series deserved & far beyond what I
expected. Bravo Christian Bale--- I've enjoyed your performances but to
me this was your best performance & most satisfying by far. Rather than
walking out feeling depressed about the end of the series (so glad to
see the door open for the next installment with Robin & Bruce Wayne not
only very much alive but having reached the next step in his life) or
anxious by all the dark forces which we're reminded are all around us,
I left feeling fulfilled, satisfied, uplifted and hopeful. Thank you,
thank you, thank you for that. We need more of this kind of
movie-making, one that both entertains (with plot twists, action &
suspense) and uplifts. Bravo!
			
Yes, I know The Dark Knight Rises gets a lot of crap for it's "flaws"
and "plot holes" But, what I did notice was that each time I re-watched
this incredible movie was that most of those questions I had about the
movie were actually answered.Christopher Nolan is an absolutely incredible director. He's the kind
of filmmaker that makes films that you have to re watch time and time
again. He proved this especially with Memento, The Dark Knight, and
Inception. But especially with The Dark Knight Rises. You learn
something new every time you watch them..Sure, it's long. But what did you expect? It's the final movie of a
beloved trilogy. Did you expect it to be shorter? I loved how personal
this story was. While I absolutely loved The Dark Knight and Heath
Ledger as The Joker, I felt like they didn't focus on Bruce Wayne and
instead focused a little too much on The Joker. Which is fine because
it worked out for the movie.But with this movie, Bruce Wayne IS the focus just as much as Batman.
It does such a fantastic job in tying everything in, especially with
Batman Begins. Bruce's transformation from beginning to end is
incredible.. I won't spoil anything, but what I will say is Alfred's
scenes are tear-jerking. Each conversation they have is so personal.
Alfred is us in this story, telling Bruce Wayne what he tells him.Being a filmmaker myself, I saw this in all forms. Visually, it's a
grand achievement, making it a huge flagship title that reflects IMAX
needs to be implemented more. Audio is great too. Only quibble I had is
the very beginning with Bane. I felt like his voice felt a little too
high pitched because in the later part of the movie it's very deep and
menacing. But this is a minor quibble that didn't take any experience
away.Anne Hathaway STEALS the show as Selina Kyle/Catwoman. She adds such a
grace and sexiness to the character that stands out in a unique way.
You can tell how dedicated of an actress she is from her performance.All the performances in this movie were top notch. The minor roles, not
so much, but to be honest, the people you don't like, well, you'll see
lol So that complaint is kind of irrelevant. Tom Hardy was amazing as
Bane. Yeah, he may have a "Sean Connery" voice, but I never really
cared. He was menacing, scary. When Batman and Bane fight, you really
don't know who's going to come out of it. It's intense, which is
exactly what I felt the last 2 films were lagging with was the
intensity and physicality behind the fight scenes. I'm writing my own superhero trilogy. I just published the 2nd book,
and I would KILL to have Christopher Nolan direct the feature film
script I developed for the 1st one. He's a dedicated and outstanding
director, so I definitely say give this film a chance. Don't listen to
critics or anyone else for that matter. Watch this movie 3 times at
least. See it in all forms and then you be the final judge.10/10
			
A brilliant array of cinematic magic to bring an outstanding superhero
to the big screen.A must watch and a truly astonishing thrill in IMAX.The Dark Knight
Rises is phenomenal and makes other superhero movies look like rubbish.Late HeathLedger's flawless portrayal of Joker is still afresh in our
mind but still Tom Hardy did catch attention as Bane. With a gigantic
figure Hardy gives his best, while mouthing the dialogues that had
authoritative power. Taking the idea from "Knightfall" Bane is strong,
brutal and intelligent whose idea is much bigger than just creating
anarchy.On a whole TDKR is a deserving epic conclusion to the trilogy.
Admittedly there were plot holes but nevertheless the effort is
applauding. Keep your expectations moderate and witness the rise of
Batman a symbol of human strength, a concept beyond "above the world"
superheroes.
			
So Christopher Nolan brings forward the final installment of the reboot
trilogy after the last group of movies was subsequently butchered by
Joel Schumachers Batman and Robin.Lets start with the good, I don't care what anyone says about the
ending. For me it was whole heartedly satisfying and it absolutely did
the trilogy justice. The storyline was brilliant even if it was a
little bleak at times but hey, thats an appealing factor of all of
Chris Nolan's movies. The acting was top notch from every actor. Chris
Nolan has been criticised for using the same troupe of actors in most
of his movies. There has only been one good Chris Nolan movie that
didn't feature Christian Bale (Inception). But you can see why here.
Every actor brings they're A game to the table. The special effects
were brilliant, at the perfect point between the ridiculously bad
graphics of The Last Airbender yet not so overdone as any Michael Bay
movie.Now the bad. To be honest the only complaints of this movie were that I
didn't think that Tom Hardy as Bane could top Heath Ledger as the Joker
and for me he didn't. He still did a great job as Bane though with his
malicious voice and villainous swagger. Finally, I wasn't the hugest
fan of Anne Hathaway. She was still great but after hearing that she
was selected ahead of Natalie Portman, I definitely would have gone
with Portman. However it could turn out badly as Jake Gyllenhaal was a
possible Batman actor and that would have been terrible. Esecially that
scene in the Dark Knight where Bruce and Rachel (Maggie Gyllenhaal, his
sister not his wife) kiss in his penthouse. Ewww incest.So to rap up, The Dark Knight Rises is the best movie of the year even
though The Dark Knight was better in my opinion. This movie is
certainly worth the money they charge for it and I rate this at number
17 in my personal best movies i've ever seen list.
			
Despite IMDb labelling 10 out of 10 as excellent, I've always rated
excellent films a 9 just because I know that once in a while there will
be that one film that blows them all away. So does that mean I should
be able to rate this film 11? The latest Batman films have all been
accepted widely, not just as the great action films that they are, nor
as the brooding, darkly dramatic features that they have striven to be,
but as a testament to the hard work Nolan, his crew and cast have given
to these films, they are the films each and every one of us wanted our
own favourite comic book movies to resemble.So when 'The Dark Knight Rises' was released, it should have been
obvious to the naysayers and premature critics worldwide that the final
instalment would at least deliver the mother of all Batman movies if it
did not simply silence those that wanted it to fail. And in the end,
'...Rises' both silenced the critics and created the Batman movie to
end all Batman movies, this much is true.Based 8 years after the previous sequel, the city of Gotham has come to
rest. All the most dangerous criminals are safely locked away and it
seems that the city is peaceful. But beneath the surface, Commissioner
Gordon struggles to live with the lies that sent the Batman into exile
for the murder of Harvey Dent aka Two-Face.He is not alone in his turmoil either, a broken and tormented Bruce
Wayne has become reclusive and has given up on his life after his final
battle and the resulting loss of the love of his life, Rachel Dawes.
Not even Alfred can seem to bring him out of his shell and this has
proved quite the opportunity for some.So when an encounter with a certain cat-burglar and the arrival of
mysterious terrorist mercenary Bane threatens the city, he puts himself
through rehabilitation, steps back into the battle suit and goes out to
face off against the monster, only to discover not only that he has far
more enemies than he anticipated, but that he is no match for this
superpowered villain.As Batman lies broken and defeated in an unreachable dark place, who
will save Gotham from this new tyranny which threatens to obliterate
everything Wayne once fought to protect? As masterfully as Nolan
constructs the establishing scenes and executes key moments in the
final Dark Knight instalment, he concocts a most daring and brilliant
plot not only to redeem the Batman and those he trusts most, but to
redeem the soul of Bruce Wayne, a man of few choices; to either let his
dark past destroy him or to lay his memories to rest and choose to go
on with his life! Thanks to the negative feedback on the film long
before its release, I couldn't help but be apprehensive for the final
part of the trilogy, even though deep down I was confident. Having
followed the comic book history of Batman, I was well aware that Nolan
was one of very few director/producers to do things very differently
while defining the character in all honesty.It was the character Bane that I was worried about, and Catwoman, but
here they are portrayed so cleverly and either with menace or with
great irony, but both of them with respect and discipline. Although I
couldn't help but hear Bane as Patrick Stewart might have sounded as
Darth Vader, you can't take that so seriously anyway. Tom Hardy is
massive, brutal and cold blooded as the disgraced 'League of Shadows'
veteran, yet his character is also intelligent, secretly compassionate
and yet he is something of a chess-piece. This, I enjoyed figuring out
for myself, the kind of thing you can't often discuss with your
friends.Also I was apprehensive of the film being majorly based in daylight
when the Batman's modus operandi is within the shadows of night but
overall it would have removed us from the harsh light of day and the
reality that this was essentially a siege situation that the city was
under.But finally, bless you Christopher Nolan, for Blake and for the massive
finale. I got a hint of 'Inception', how cunning it was, and although
it wasn't exactly a cliffhanger, since this one was final you have
created an original trilogy in your own right and one that will go on
to have its own mythology.Hopefully there will be no more Batman movies from other producers.
Especially since there will never be another Michael Caine, Morgan
Freeman, Christian Bale or Gary Oldman.What a way to lay a legend to rest!
			
I told myself when I bought my tickets for The Dark Knight Rises TWO
weeks in advance that I wouldn't let myself get too over hyped about
it. Well, sure enough as the date approached, I became more and more
anxious and excited, which is weird because I'm not a big comic book
nerd. Did TDKR live up to the hype and it's predecessors' success? Yes,
it blew them outta the water. Story: The story was the perfect third
act that anyone could have imagined. It was tense, gritty, thrilling
and beautiful all at the same time. I'm not going to elaborate on the
story (for those who haven't seen the film yet), but you can gather
from the trailers, correct? The Nolans have outdone themselves again
with a near perfect script, one that kept the audience tense and ready
for the next larger than life scene. Acting: Awesome. Awesome. Awesome.
Christian Bale is flawless, as always, as our hero in black and as
Bruce Wayne (yes, separate roles). He delivered, BY FAR, his best
performance of the trilogy this time around. Gary Oldman as
Commissioner Gordon, I mean what's not to love? It's Gary Oldman, a
legend in the making. Tom Hardy is brutal and just plain frightening as
Bane, the film's leading villain. The rest of the cast (Caine, Freeman,
and Hathoway) are great in their respective roles, as well. Final
Verdict: Don't let the negative reviews fool you. No, this is not
another TDK, but that's a good thing. It would be boring to watch the
same movie twice in a row, right? This film is HUGE, from the story to
the unbelievable visuals, stunts, chases, etc. The emotion is still in
tact, no worries there. In fact I would say it's the most emotionally
moving of the trilogy. GO SEE THIS FILM. I'd see it in IMAX, but either
way, it will blow you away. Promise.
			
In one word WOW!!! The Dark Knight Rises really expanded my
expectations. Christopher Nolan has crafted a near masterpiece of a
film and this is the most ambitious and emotional of the Dark Knight
franchise.So the story goes like this: It has been eight years since the caped
crusader took the fall for Harvey Dent's crimes and death and now a
prowling catwomen comes out of the alley and interests Bruce Wayne when
she steals his mother's precious pearls. But, an even greater and more
dangerous villain has arrived, Bane. Bane is a super-strong hulk-like
villain with plans to destroy all of Gotham City and its citizens. Now
it is up to Bruce Wayne to become his alter-ego Batman and put the cowl
and costume on one last time.Everything about this movie is amazing and epic, its visual effects are
stunning and the set pieces and cinematography is beautiful. But, this
would not be a great film if it weren't for its well-acted and
convincing cast. Christian Bale is at his best in this film playing his
best portrayal of Batman/Bruce Wayne yet. Tom Hardy is dark, brooding,
and scary as Bane and he is excellent in his role. His performance is
mainly scary due to his body-language and facial expressions. Anne
Hathaway plays Selina Kyle, who is Catwomen. At first, I was very
skeptical if she could pull it off given that her real talent in acting
was in comedy, but boy did she do a superb job as playing this sexy and
cunning character. Marion Cotiilard plays the glamorous Miranda Tate, a
Wayne Enterprises executive. Hats off to Michael Caine for playing
Alfred, he should win a best supporting actor. Michael Caine is at his
best and most emotional in this film. Morgan Freeman is great as always
playing the 007 Q-like gadget guy. Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays Officer
John Blake who thinks Batman is innocent and has a really good heart in
the movie; Joseph Gordon Levitt shines in his role. Then, you have the
always great Gary Oldman planning LT. Gordon, who for a while in the
film is in the hospital.The cast is great, the acting is great, the story is great, the effects
are amazing. I cannot recommend this film enough. This is the
conclusion fans have been waiting for and this "Ends the Legend" with a
bang.
			
Well I can say that the dark knight rises was a big improvement to the
one before it, this is definitely the best real life batman film no
forget that it is one of the best films ever made yes like the last
film some of the characters had been changed and I was annoyed when I
saw bane he was not like he should be he had not titan tank just a pain
relief in his mouth????? But once I saw the film I loved bane like this
he had the best quote, and cat woman was also played well by Anne
Hathaway and I don't think anyone was actually expecting robin and
Talia Al Gul to come into it the entire only thing I ended up not
liking about it is Alfred he was the best in the last 2 and now they
made him like a grumpy old man who was to overprotective Alfred is
support to help batman and encourages him to go out, also bane's death
was too short for the best character in the film it was like all that
led up to nothing the ending was dragged out a bit and then bang he was
gone just like that, also I did not like how Ra Al Gul was only seen in
a vision from the first film we thought he would comeback in the second
but had a bad joker instead then when I found out about Talia I was
desperate to see her farther but a 30 second line was pathetic also how
did it connect with the dark knight it was more about the first one
then that but I think that was for the best the dark knight that was a
bad film all in all it was a great film and cannot wait to see the
robin film and to see how it all ties into the Justice league film
which we all know is coming
			
The Dark knight Rises is the best film of 2012. I enjoyed immensely,
despite that the sound in the theater was not visceral or earth
shaking. The Dark knight is awesome in every sense of the word. I loved
it, it was Superbly and almost Impeccably suspenseful. Especially the
part where Bruce was stuck in the cave and trying to get out. It was
thrilling and superbly suspenseful. In my mind I Was cheering for Bruce
and actually felt for him. The action in the movie well superbly well
done. The Dark Knight Rises surpasses its predecessors on an immense
scale. The Acting, The Plot, The Story, The Characters, The ending, all
of these elements far exceed the standard set by the Dark Knight. The
Dark Knight Rises is superbly better than the Dark Knight. I Also felt
the Tension between Alfred and Bruce Wayne. Catwoman in this film was
excellent, She was best Catwoman ever seen on film. Anne Hathaway did
an excellent job portraying Catwoman. Nolan's Catwoman fit the catwoman
of the comics to a T. The Ending of this film is the Best part of the
movie. The Ending made me well up tears in my eyes, I Felt for Bruce
Wayne/Batman in that scene. In my mind I Was like no this can't be. I
Almost cried watching that scene. In the history that I have been to
theaters and watched movies, no movie has ever come close to even
making me cry, Much less a comic book film. But this movie Almost Did
it. I Refrained from crying after being relieved from the very last
scenes of the movie. This movie almost made me cry, And for that I Give
a 10 out of 10.
			
I watched this movie in PVR today and I was surprised if a story could
end like this and you believe it's OK. That is the master piece in this
show as you will feel sorry and at same time happy to see. Christopher
Nolan was unknown till Batman Begins and now every body in this world
would know him. I have never seen a sequel in any franchise surpassing
them with such a margin. This man does with the villains which others
have failed to do i.e; giving them equal status with the heroes be it
The Joker or Bane. Christian Bale is phenomenal as always and after The
"Joker" I thought the villain would be weaker so it is fascinating to
see another one rise to this challenge. I will continue to wait for
other Christopher Nolan sequel eagerly and would request the Batman
fans to support the return of this Famous ever series to continue.
			
So basically this is the first time I spend the effort of writing a
movie review , simply because I am so lazy to do it , but this movie ,
made me register to IMDb , and spend the time to write a review about
it. The reason I decided to write this review is 1.The movie is
perfect. 2.so many negative reviews.If you have set your expectations high then you will not be failed ,
Nolan took Batman to another level when he did the dark knight just
after batman begins , and he did it again in the dark knight rises.of course the outstanding performance of the joker cannot be recreated
but Bane did an amazing job.you will be dragged through the story , the editing is perfect that you
will not feel time passing , the structure of the characters and their
function in the movie is well casted.Highly recommended , ignore the negative reviews , this is a must
watch.
			
Since i am a huge fan of Batman, i was waiting ever so keenly for this
film and believe me it was worth the wait. First of all the writers are
to be congratulated, they have written a beautiful script that almost
matches the standards set by the dark knight. Every thing from the
beginning to the climax is perfectly written.However what really made the film into a masterpiece was the direction,
screenplay and the soundtrack which made every scene into an epic one.
Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer should seriously be considered for
Oscars. The running time of the film was 2 hrs 45 mins. You would
expect to get bored in such a lengthy film but the director does it so
brilliantly that i even didn't realize that the film was already over.
I have seen 100s of movies but never did i watch such brilliance in
individual scenes. Two of them that stand out are the one in which
Bruce escpaes the pit and the climax where the police take on all the
escaped prisoners. These were just pure cinematic masterpieces. The
film has a stunning conclusion. It is very tricky to provide a
conclusion to a character which has a huge worldwide fan following. But
Mr. Nolan does it so convincingly that it kept me hooked for the next 3
hours after watching the film. Bravo to the director whose gone that
extra mile.About the acting well, Christian Bale is brilliant as usual. But the
standout performers were Anne Hathaway and Tom Hardy. Tom Hary as Bane
is brilliant. Yes i agree his dialogue was a little hard to hear but i
understood most of the dialogue in the important scenes. The mask gave
him that terrifying personality so i would not refer it as the weakness
of the film. Rather it is the film's strength. Anne Hathaway as Selina
Kyle is brilliant. Anyone will be blown away by her performance. Sir
Michael Cane, Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman have done a brilliant job
once again. It is difficult to catch the eye of the audience who were
already entertained by Batman, Bane and Selina but the supporting cast
is equally good. Never in any point of the film do they disappoint.
Marion Cottilard as Miranda/Talia also gave a satisfying performance.
Some people have argued that in the end Bane turned out to be the same
mindless thug like in Batman and Robin. Seriously, I would disagree it
is very clear that Bane is pretty much has an independent personality
and thinking. I can refer to numerous scenes in the film but that would
make the review too long so i would refer to only one scene in the
climax where Talia tells him to let Batman live so that he could watch
his beloved city die but when Talia leaves Bane is about to kill Batman
against Talia's will. So i hope that pretty much proves a lot.Some people have argued that the film is flawed but with respect i
would disagree. Those who have watched the first two films and this one
closely would never say that.Overall i would say it is a stunning conclusion to a stunning series
that has loads of action and great emotional depths. The only thing
that the film doesn't have is Heath Ledger that makes it some what
short than the dark knight but i am not taking anything away from the
film and Tom Hardy. If someone were to fill in the boots left by Heath
it was Tom Hardy. A must watch film. A true masterpiece!! Note: I apologize for any spelling and grammatical errors. English
isn't my native language
			
What a great movie, four years of wait was worth it, but wasn't overly
impressed at first, 7/10 I was thinking, but after a second viewing
everything seemed to flow so much better, and the main climax was earth
shattering, to anyone who felt mixed the first time you definitely need
at least a second viewing. Christian Bale was amazing throughout the
whole trilogy, and it's sad to think someone else will be playing
Batman in just a couple of years. Tom Hardy was amazing as Bane, didn't
top the joker, but he was close, plus all the supporting actors Michael
Caine, Morgan Freeman, Anne Hathaway, and Joseph Gordon-Levitt were in
top form, very sad to see this movie and this series of Batman to be
over*****/*****
			
The Dark Knight Rises was everything I expected it to be, however it
did not beat The Dark Knight. The movie has a slow start but really
picks up it's pace when Batman comes onto the screen for the first time
in the movie. After the Stock Exchange scene, the movie seems to go by
really fast and I wish that it didn't end so quickly. Anne Hathaway did
an amazing job as Catwoman, you could really see it in her eyes. Bane
was difficult to understand at times but it was awesome hearing him say
the exact lines that Ra's Al Ghul said in Batman Begins. Alfred
projected his emotions very well and I empathized him. Christian Bale
did an outstanding job portraying Batman, however I miss the rougher
voice that he had in The Dark Knight. The ending was alright but it
left me asking a lot of questions, such as if Bruce and Selina are in a
relationship or not. The Dark Knight was more thrilling and had more
intense scenes. There were a lot of witty remarks and quoting. I do
however miss the gliding and grapple gun. The build up in suspense
before Batman's actual appearance was outstanding, especially since I
couldn't stop smiling when he made his truly iconic appearance. In all
it was a 9.5 out 10 movie, but since they don't allow 9.5 ratings on
IMDb, I rounded it and it's 10. The Dark Knight Rises is LEGENDARY.
			
After previously seeing the Avengers earlier in the year i found it
hard to see a movie surpassing it in 2012, let alone it being another
from the comic book genre but the Dark Knight Rises left me surprised
and blew me away with its quality. i was a fan of the first two movies
but this installment easily passes them in my opinion the action
sequences where unbelievable and the twists throughout kept me
enthralled.All cast members put in solid performances but Tom Hardy as Bane, i
felt must be particularly noted, he for me was brilliant and stood
alone as the best villain throughout this franchise.I strongly suggest everyone to go and experience it for themselves, i
witnessed this with a number of friends that hadn't previously seen any
of the movies and they where able to follow along quite easily it was
only small parts of the plot that they were unable to follow. So i
recommend seeing the two previous films but it will not stop you from
enjoying this masterpiece of cinema.
			
I read both good and bad reviews of TDKR. Personally I'm with the good
guys. Also I consider unfair the comparison between TDK with TDKR. I
think the last is the logical consequence of the previous. BB TDK and
TDKR becomes a solid trilogy, connected with much care. I remember that
TDK was a kind of never-ending spiral of unfortunate events, and one
can easily feel that it's impossible to become the things worse than
this. TDKR shown to me how wrong I was, during the first 2/3 of the
movie, almost 120 consecutive minutes of increasing depress and
darkness (one can easily remember another masterpiece, in spite of it's
different genre: Polansky's The Pianist, and the low-motion-destruction
of the way of life of the polish Jews.). Yes, there's one disturbing
gap in the movie: the unrealistic last breath of Miranda Tate (unusual
in a great actress like Marion Cotillard), but it's not enough to
condemn this masterpiece as I read in many reviews. The great message
of Nolan's trilogy is: Batman was not alone. Bruce Wayne never could
become Batman without the support of Gordon, Fox and Alfred. It's a
beautiful statement of friendship and loyalty. Congratulations
Christopher. Making another Batman move became a very difficult
challenge for the next generations of directors.
			
I have little to say about this film because it is a good film by its
special effects and by the various components it contains, from the
strong and barbarous terroristic emotions to the powerful and human
passions and to the political meaning it conveys.Starting with the last point the dark knight that rises is a direct
allusion to the rising of Jesus after his crucifixion and to his rising
some time later to heaven. The next film will be the second coming with
some self-appointed successor. That will be hard to renew the genre but
I am sure they can find some authors to write the next episode.As for the political discourse the film also presents terrorists as
people who have suffered some injustice and who come back for a
vengeance. They are manipulated by a slice of the top society who
thinks they are going to fill up their pockets and their bags. Of
course they end up manipulated by the terrorists and dead because the
terrorists only have one thing in mind, their vengeance. That's the
extreme right alluding to the Tea Party movement and the Tea Party
Patriots with Paul Ryan who is coming from that section of society, the
presentable faade of this extreme right violence.On the other hand the extreme left and the Occupy Wall Street movement
is not very far and the discourse about a revolution to give power back
to the people and to get rid of the rich, the powerful, the exploiters
and the profiteers and then to redistribute the recuperated riches is
common in our countries where it is easier to be unrealistic than to be
sober and clean-minded. Ask Hollande how he was elected and look at
what he is doing. Brilliant hypocritical demagogy.Both movements bring armies of volunteers whose objective is looting,
killing, destroying and torturing. You can have a lot of volunteers in
our society. Marx called them the lumpen-proletariat, those who have
nothing to lose except their chains, but not their souls because they
have none. You have to add to these the anarchists who consider society
has to be destroyed to liberate the collective mind and the small
delinquents who find in the opportunity the possibility to steal a
computer here or a telephone in some pocket or whatever can have some
value or can be a trophy. In both cases these movements start with
opening the prison to liberate all the prisoners who are obvious social
and political prisoners. Havoc comes in both cases anyway.Then you have the strong and barbarous emotions of the injustice
suffered by those who are going to become terrorists. They are sent to
prison on a whim or for some vengeance. Children can be born in prisons
that are nothing but dying hospices. Then some escape. Then some are
tortured to the extreme of their possibility to resist and they die
during that barbaric treatment, or should I say processing, like raw
meat in a butcher's shop. And you end up with a daughter and a
protector and a father and a dead mother and a lot of sad horror.On the side of human and powerful passions there are plenty too with
Batman of course, an orphanage and the children there, the blind
violence and fake justice imposed to anyone who is not favored by the
new masters. The suspense of the bomb and the count down. The constant
choice of being killed when resisting, or being given the choice by
some revolutionary tribunal to die by hanging or to die by drowning
when going out into exile. And some amorous passion comes up too, and
the valet Alfred betrays his master.A film to see if you like strong action. If you prefer comedies,
author's films, manifesto films or hefty social and cultural stuff,
abstain from this one that is none of these. But it is entertaining
enough to even make you think. What did I say about Paul Ryan?
Interesting, Dr Watson, interesting indeed.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
			
Admittedly I was never a fan of Batman. I found it too dark as opposed
to the colourful and witty world of Marvel with it's heroes and
villains. However, Chris Nolan has put commendable effort into vamping
up the comic book legend. This was the first Batman film I saw in the
cinema... And not just any cinema but the IMAX which was a spectacular
experience! The unique selling point of the Imax I think is that it is
simply the biggest screen you can watch a film on I think and I mean
absolutely huge! It helps to take up the peripheral vision as well
making it easier to get absorbed in the film, plus it's not a bad
price. I highly recommend it!What I really like about Batman is that I never realised he was trained
as a proper ninja! However, Batman has really met his match in this
film, not just with the introduction of Catwoman but with Bane! Bane
scares the hell out of me and the score by Hans Zimmer emphasizes that
beautifully. The chanting is catchy and foreboding and the violins
reach search unnerving frequencies, it literally made my skin tingle! I
cannot believe Tom Hardy is Bane! The amount of weight he has put on
for that role compared to his other recent films is unbelievable. He is
unrecognisable as Bane but his poshness can still be distinguished in
his voice. I know Hardy didn't intend on upstaging the memorable final
performance of Heath Ledger being the previous Batman villain and
renown nemesis but Bane has got to be one of the greatest villains in
cinematic history. Even rivaling Darth Vader and John Williams classic
score and that's coming from a die-hard Star Wars fan, although my
parents think he resembles Hannibal rather. What makes these Batman
films more scary is they have a hint of plausibility to them but the
villains have destructive and complex ideologies and the characters
have advanced technology. It is a great pity it has influenced the
Aurora shooting.In the film, Bane goes from strength to strength cunningly holding an
entire city hostage. He proves his worth in a gruelling fist fight with
Batman. His past will intrigue and set up twists in the tale. He is
utterly merciless. Expect brutal neck snapping, bone breaking, hanging
corpses etc. It may derive from comic books but this is by no means a
film for children. It should be a 15 if I'm honest. Also, children
probably wouldn't be able to appreciate the politics behind it. Bane
makes some wise remarks including one scene where he breaks into a
stock exchange with his henchmen and a person working there says, "This
is a stock exchange. There's no money to steal here." Bane simply
responds, "Why are you here then?" It's true! People go there to cheat
the system and make or steal money. It's said something like 10% of
population own 90% of everyone's wealth in real life. Also, Bane starts
what is like a Marxist revolution by unleashing the prisoners and the
poor upon the rich to evict, rob and kill them.All the characters have powerful roles in the film including Gary
Oldman and Morgan Freeman. It's nice to see Joseph Gordon-Levitt thrown
into the mix as well. I notice Chris Nolan uses a similar cast to
Inception. Even Michael Caine gets emotional but he is absent for most
of the film. You'll no doubt be pleased to see Liam Neeson has a brief
return in the film and makes a Taken reference which made me smile. He
isn't the only character to return as well. Catwoman, skillfully played
by Anne Hathaway, is very sexy and cunning but doesn't have much of a
back story compared to the Tim Burton films. The narrative is so well
directed, you don't know if any character, even Batman, is going to
die! There is some love story elements in it as well which tug at the
heart strings and strengthen the characters. Even Bane reveals a slight
compassionate side but this in no way exonerates him. One thing I
noticed though is that the main characters can't operate on their own,
regardless of how powerful they are, they both require help.Overall, great directing, acting, music, narrative, action etc. It may
be 3 hours in the cinema (including adverts) but it is well paced. The
ending is satisfying and the hero's rise is triumphant, enough to make
me throw my fists in the air which is what film is all about. Chris
Nolan has really stamped his mark forever and although I hear rumours
of more Batman, I have no idea how this will be topped.
			
Will the dark knight rise? This was the question waving in the minds of
millions for the past few years. And here comes "Dark knight rises" to
satisfy those minds. Yes, the dark knight has surely risen high enough! The plot is not too convolved, yet has enough elements to keep you
engrossed throughout the 160 odd minutes. Nolan has introduced lots of characters with varying depths of
characterisation. For eg., John Blake, who is shown as an
intelligent(as he figures out the true identity of batman) cop, who has
not been given major attention, Miranda a character which initially
makes us think to be insignificant but finally has a lot to boast!, the
Catwoman (Anne Hathaway) a robin-hood-like character, who seems selfish
in the beginning but proves her worth in the later half, and finally
the Bane as the ultimate villain.Many viewed the varying characterisation depths as a weak-point in the
narration, but I felt Nolan proves his intelligence by switching the
focus over from each character making it seem as a long-spun-tale. In
fact, I felt even though some of the characters were given little
focus, enough it was and powerful were those little scenes to explain
their characters.Moving over to the performances, Bale, my favorite, this time has
enough scope to perform and gets a really good recognition (unlike last
time where his performance was overshadowed by the Joker). Be it the
conversation with Michael Caine, or the prison-escape sequence, he is
amazing! This is the second film in this franchise (after Batman begins) to
highlight the emotions and sentiments of the characters, especially the
first half threw enough light on the relationship between Caine and
Bale. Also, the old-tale about Bane's childhood (which of course has a
surprise twist in the climax), and the way Bane's tale was narrated in
pieces, marks Nolan's film-making genius'.The film is completely packed with action sequences and so it demands
hell-lot of computer graphics and special effects to make them a treat
to watch, and the technical team was totally backed up and created the
director's vision on the screen. It won't be fair, if I miss Hans Zimmer's contri to the film, as his
one-of-a-kind bgm, takes us to a new world, making us feel integrated
to the entire story. 5 stars to the music composer!Finally, about the script : The script-team clearly had in mind that,
this is the last film in the franchise. So they had a humongous
responsibility to live up to the expectations of millions of fan-
following of the series, world-wide. Also, they have been intelligent-
enough, to introduce many batman-comic-related-characters like the
Catwoman, Robin into this single film, making it a huge treat for the
audience. They surely taste success in the last 12 minutes of the film,
where the montage-shots have been beautifully utilized to tie-up and
wrap up the entire series, from all sides, without leaving any loose
ends. And finally when Bale is seen by Caine in the restaurant in the
last scene, a huge cheer and applause comes from the viewers, assuring
the film's success. Final remarks about the director : A perfectly executed film, and Chris
has concluded the series, with an excellent finale. After watching, this film, you will surely feel that sense of
satisfaction not just of this film of the entire series!
			
Yes.. Nolan has achieved what no other film maker could achieve, to
successfully complete a movie Trilogy without loosing the essence and
soul of the movie,getting better ad better with each movie.To be honest i was unsure of weather Nolan would be able to match my
expectations after Dark Knight.. But boy i was surprised.. It starts
with a slow pace, it grows on you very slowly and it takes you through
an emotional journey of Bruce Wayne and from the moment his alter ego
Batman appears on the screen its an entirely different ride and who but
Nolan could end this movie with a street fight...The performance of Bane is awesome and you wil be able to feel the
power and energy of the Bane chant even after you left the movie
house...Christopher Nolan, Christian Bale, Hanz Zimmer.... Its a MUST WATCH...
			
AWESOME!! BRAVO!! GO SEE THE DARK KNIGHT RISES!!The acting: The acting was beyond amazing, especially Anne Hathaway as
Catwoman, who actually was the star of the movie! Christian Bale was
great, Michael Caine was awesome also, but Anne Hathaway just really
shines. Also GREAT Morgan Freeman, especially with his little role.The direction: I think it is safe to say that Christopher Nolan has
done it again! Christopher Nolan is the director of our generation and
he is just an amazing story teller.The plot: The doomsday plot was actually better than I thought it would
be. I thought it wouldn't work at all, but it worked fantastically!The script: The script it just pure AWESOMENESS!Action scenes: Action scenes truly made the movie complete. But
sometimes even the dialogue was better, not saying that the action
scenes were weak, it is just that the dialogue was really interesting.Bane: Bane isn't a last movie villain, but I still had fun with him
during the movie, because he was just so well developed and we got a
great twist from him.Overall: Go see TDKR NOW!!
			
I really don't know where to start with this review. Having watched the
film last night and digested it I'm still totally in awe of it. I was a
tremendously happy Batman fan when Batman Begins came out and then The
Dark Knight was on another level, but Rises is above even that. The
superhero movie genre bar has always been Spider-Man 2 for me
personally. Awesome script, awesome cast, fantastic director but above
all a believable story that is told with heart and soul. The Dark
Knight Rises is equal to that bar IMO.A brief overlay of the movie is quite simple and you can read so many
of them that it really isn't worth me outlining it so i'll just push
on.Christian Bale has totally given the performance of his life in this
movie. Everything that he has got to give he has given in this
performance. He really brings over his loss, his frailty, his
bitterness, his anger and his helplessness more in this movie than in
the previous two outings. I know that is difficult to believe but I
feel its true. You see Bruce Wayne as a crippled, bitter outcast
because of his time as Batman. But you also see a Bruce Wayne who is
still tortured by his demons of loss, more so now since Rachels death
in The Dark Knight.Michael Caine as Alfred is rock solid as always. The forced, and
sometimes bitter exchanges between him and Bruce Wayne are spoken with
stern tone, but delivered as heart felt pleas. Pressing Bruce to back
away, seek a life that can give him some fulfilment. Pushing Bruce for
a legitimate excuse as to why he needs to go back to Batman.Anne Hathaway was the real surprise for me is this movie. I must admit
that when she was cast as Selina Kyle I was very doubtful that she
could pull something like this off. Boy, was I so wrong. Hathaway was
stunning as Selina Kyle and stunning as Catwoman (although she is only
referred to as a Cat Burglar). Her performance is utterly fantastic and
she really shines in this role. She is fun, witty, sarcastic but also
brutal. But there is a caring side that, whilst it takes time to come
over, is always there.Gary Oldman really needs no mention. As with Michael Caine, give Gary
Oldman a good script and he will make it glow, and he does, yet again,
right here. His character is carrying the huge weight of the lie of
letting Batman take the fall for Harvey Dents actions, whilst also
making Dent out to be a hero. You can feel this weight on his shoulders
from Oldmans performance.Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Blake (and as someone else but you'll have to
wait for it) gives a stellar performance that is sometimes dark and
very believable.And last, but by no means least is Tom Hardy as Bane. I was blown away
by Hardy in this film. I loved him in Bronson, Inception, Warrior but
this was in another stratosphere. As Bane, you never see Hardy's mouth
speak a word because of the mask, but his eyes tell you exactly what
emotion he is experiencing and that is an art form in itself. Casting
Tom Hardy who is an extremely intense actor who really applies himself
to his work, opposite Christian Bale, who is also a very intense actor
who also applies himself totally to his work, was an utter stroke of
genius. By the way I heard every word that Bane said and had no
problems whatsoever understanding his dialogue.One of the huge aspects of this movie, apart from the cast, is the
story. This is a story which will touch us all, because we have all
felt this way at some point. Give the people a chance, take the riches
away from the bankers and make them pay. Take the law into your own
hands and deal out justice in a way that suits you. But for every
action is a reaction and it is fully explored here. There are necessary
evils in this world whether we like it or not, and they keep the
balance from tipping. Chris Nolan is a Director who is a very, very smart guy. He lets you
into the worlds which he builds wanting you to go with him. Whether
that is Inception or Batman doesn't matter. He gives the people a
chance to experience and absorb his intelligence and complete love for
film making in a way that many other Directors can't seem to do. It's
as if he gives you a personal front row seat and says "I made this for
YOU, enjoy it". And you know what.....it works. I utterly loved it and
will go again and see it in IMAX format this time.And so another trilogy comes to a close, but this trilogy is no
ordinary one. It is special....very special. Thank you to all who were
behind this series of movies. You have all done an excellent job. And
this just goes to prove that you can still deliver an epic movie, with
an epic budget that has heart and soul and passion.A tremendous close to a tremendous trilogy.
			
What a sad thought to know that this trilogy of Batman is over.. After
seeing the Dark Knight (absolutely superb) I always thought if the next
movie could be able to be better then the Dark Knight.. It came close.Bale is an excellent actor, he takes acting to another level, his
performance was the entire movie spot on, without talking about scenery
and the flawless special effects. Same counts for the old garde: Morgan
Freeman, Gary Oldman and last but not least Micheal Cane. The new guys
were also very good, Hardy did it really well with playing Bane and
Joseph-Gordon really surprised me again.. Catwoman was just a pleasure
to watch. Even though I must not compare the Joker and Bane with each
other, deeply in my heart I am doing that and I must admit that the
Joker can't be beaten with his psychosis all the time. I must admit
Bane came really close.After seeing so many good movies from Mr. Nolan I'm curious about what
he is going to make next. I bet he will surprise me again as usual.10/10
			
I was very anxious to see this movie! Nolan and his team had a big job
to do when it comes to making a third and final sequel to the all ready
great movies 'Batman Begins' and 'The Dark Knight'.From the very start of the movie to the very end, the movie captivates
you, I felt immersed in to the story and the characters.The story was very fitting for the final movie, not very many movies
that has sequels has such a great story to end the trilogy.But Nolan, the writers, Actors and Actresses and everyone else did an
amazing job. the special effects was mind blowing.****Warning Spoilers below**** The way they created the main villain 'Bane' is genius and to have a
surprising ending such as having Miranda Tate be 'Talia a Ghul' was
great. I stayed away from Spoilers because I wanted to be surprised of
the ending, I heard some things about it, but it was just rumors. I was
very satisfied by the ending, having Bruce Wayne aka Batman survive by
using the auto-pilot and bailing out before the blast and then showing
up with Salena Kyle at that place Alfred mention earlier on in the
movie.The movie was excellent. very entertaining. If you haven't seen it then
you might want to go, you won't be disappointed!
			
Over the years there has been many batman movies, and it's always hard
for me to say which one is the best because their all so different but
this is a fantastic film! Possibly the best out of the Nolan films but
even that is hard to say. This film is even better if you know the
comic book because this film stays so true to the comic books. Like I
said it's hard for me to say which batman film is the best but Nolan's
films have the best story by far. The other movies were a simple batman
vs the villain of the week kind of thing, which is fine but with Nolan
there's so much going on in the plot, you'll have to watch it twice to
get everything. First I must Praise Chris Nolan, John Nolan and David
Goyer for a terrific story. Chris Nolan is a brilliant story teller,
this movie has a lot of characters, a lot of plot twist and a lot of
characters that are fully developed with a lot of depth but yet the
film never fills overstuffed with two many characters or that the film
is trying to do much. Everyone fits well into the story and everyone
has room to breath. The real world setting works really well and Nolan
turns comic book villains into domestic terrorist which makes them more
scary to the audience. In some ways the film is not as dark as the last
two but still very intense and scary and Bruce Wayne is as brooding as
ever. The movie takes place right where the last movie left off but
eight years has passed since Bruce Wayne quit being Batman and went
into exile. The film talks a lot about Maggie his friend, who he was in
love with and was killed and as well as the death of Harvey Dent but
makes no mention of the Joker. I know that's because of Health's death
but it seems a little out of place that no one mentioned the Joker in
this film since he did so much in the last film. And I never understood
why Batman took the blame for Harvey Dent's murders when he and Gordan
could'eve just blamed it on the Joker. Any case Christain Bale was
great again as Bruce/Batman, now becoming the first actor to play
Batman in three movies. He looks great in the Bat suit and all of his
vehicles are great here. I love the relationship between him and
Alfred. Micheal Cane is a great Alfred. I love the idea of Alfred
leaving Bruce Wayne and seeing Bruce lose all his money. I absolutely
love Ann Hathaway as Catwoman. Finally we get to see Catwoman on the
big screen again and Chris Nolan & company did a great job. They stay
very, very true to the comic book version of Catwoman. They made her a
high class thief like in the comics. They explain her origins to get a
sense of why she's a thief. Ann and Nolan did a perfect job at making
her walk the line between villain and anti-hero. They gave her real
menace and made her a unforgiving thief and when she eventually teamed
up with Batman it was a believable turn of character and she never
really turned good or became a hero she just wasn't a killer like Bane.
The relationship between her and Batman was well done, they never
forced a romantic relationship in fact I can't really explain what kind
of relationship they had but it worked great. Ann's suit looks great! I
wasn't sure about the mask because it didn't cover her face about it
works because she's not really trying to hide her identity. Ann was
great in the fight scenes she kicked a lot of ass and took names.
Finally Michelle Phieffer has some competition. I thought Tom Hardy was
great as Bane. It was a great take on Bane. He looked imposing and
menacing and I like the swagger and arrogance he brings to Bane. The
idea of his face mask was a great idea it looks awesome and is a good
equivalent to the venom Bane used in the comics. Having Bane be in the
league of shadows works great in the story. The fights between Batman &
Bane was beyond awesome, especially when Bane broke batman's back with
his knee just like in the comics. I liked Bane's voice too, it made him
sound smart not just a brute or a thug. I love Joseph Gordan-Levit as
cop John Blake who acts as a "Robin" like character, even revealing his
real first name as Robin. I love Marion Cotillard as Miranda Tate and
the brilliant plot twist that she's Talia, Ras Al Ghul's daughter! I
almost had an orgasm it was so good, because in the comics Ras has a
daughter who was devoted to him but had a romantic thing with Batman.
This does that perfectly giving her and batman a romantic thing here
but keeping her loyal to her father. The action scenes are great. The
only bad thing is that this is Nolan's last,I would'eve liked to see
how he would do the riddler or the penguin. I don't think they would
continue this story but the door was left open a little bit. But great
ending to a great series.
			
Simply the best... better than all the rest..this movie will take you
on so many different roller-coaster rides you will come out saying as
everyone is clapping as the credits role "Best Movie EVER"The film is
epic from start to finish NT one dull,pointless or unnecessary scene in
this Masterpiece!! The story of batman rising is so grand it makes the
viewer engage and anticipate the return of the dark knight and when
Batman hits the screen its on baby!!! Selina Kyle was brilliant!!! and
deserves an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress..from the mansion scene
in the beginning of the movie when she did her character change..I knew
she was going to steal every scene!!! Bane was a bad bad mother.. let
me shut my mouth..WOO that opening scene was just inquiringly
excellent!! His voice, his swagger,his no nonsense persona made bane
the baddest villain batman has ever faced on the big-screen..I bow down
to Christopher Nolan for giving fans a film that's NT only the best
batman movie ever made ..hands down but the best movie i have ever seen
in my 24 years on this earth!! Thank You sir for your unparalleled
vision of BATMAN's world
			
I promise that I will not give any plot points away for those who
haven't seen the movie yet.After seeing The Dark Knight, I could not wait to see how Christopher
Nolan's Batman trilogy will end. After seeing the trailers for this
movie, I wanted it to come out very soon because there are a lot of
things that I'm looking forward to. Like, I couldn't wait to see Tom
Hardy's portrayal of the villain, Bane and a bunch of awesome scenes
that have to do with acting, action, dialogue and how the scenes are
shots.I saw the movie and I was blown away. Not only The Dark Knight Rises is
a fantastic conclusion to Nolan's Batman trilogy, it's also the best
film of the summer and one of the very best films of 2012. Is it better
than Batman Begins or The Dark Knight? Yeah, The Dark Knight Rises is
better than Batman Begins, but not quite better than The Dark Knight,
but it's close.STORY: Years after the events of The Dark Knight, everyone in Gotham
City is getting very suspicious about Bruce Wayne or Batman (Christian
Bale) returning to the city. Then, when Bane, a masked terrorist (Tom
Hardy) wants to destroy Gotham City, Batman arrives and tries to
protect the city before it's too late.MY THOUGHTS: Like in the two previous Batman films, the direction by
Christopher Nolan was terrific. The way some of the scenes were shot
they just make your jaw-drop because of how amazing they were shot. No
one could ever direct a better Batman movie other than Christopher
Nolan. The special effects and some of the sound effects were very
impressive. The story was nicely-structured, well-paced, and
well-written. The dialogue is excellent. The climax was gripping,
exciting and all in all, fantastic.THE ACTING: Christian Bale delivers an emotional but yet a very
believable performance as Bruce Wayne a.k.a. Batman. All along, I
thought Christian Bale was perfect for the role.Tom Hardy was literally terrifying as Bane, the masked terrorist. I
think his portrayal as Bane is as terrifying as Heath Ledger's
portrayal as the Joker from The Dark Knight. Every time Tom Hardy was
on screen right from his first scene, I had chills running down my
spine. Bane is such a scary person, and in years from now, he deserves
to be one of the most terrifying villains in cinema history.Joseph Gordon-Levitt is fantastic as Officer Blake, the rookie type of
cop of the city of Gotham. Anne Hathaway pulled off really well as
Selina Kyle, the cat burglar. Marion Cotillard also stars in this movie
as a member of the Wayne Enterprises, who holds some sort of secret.The rest of the supporting cast  who were also from the first two  do
fantastic. Like Gary Oldman as the Police Commissioner, Gordon; the
excellent Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth, Bruce's butler; Morgan
Freeman as Lucius Fox, the head of the Wayne Enterprises.IN CONCLUSION: The Dark Knight Rises was an awesome conclusion to
Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy. This is easily the best film of the
summer, and easily one of the very best films of this year.10/10 (no doubt)
			
It's funny how high my expectations were before watching this movie. It
was easily the movie I had anticipated most eagerly, ever! That being
said, I left the movie with a strange feeling. The movie was as great
as I had thought, but it took some turns that I felt was quite
unexpected. For one... any comparisons to The Dark Knight are
misplaced. TDK was a genius crime saga with an intelligent moral twist.
The Dark Knight Rises is more of an epic movie. It's a war epic, in a
sense. At the same time, however, it focuses extremely much on
character building. It becomes very clear in TDKR that Bruce Wayne
can't be understood separate from Batman, and visa versa (also, SMALL
SPOILER: Expect a vast representation of characters from the Batman
universe - it is truly an amazing combination of all kinds of character
stories).Few would argue that the major focus point is the choice of Bane as a
villain. And let me say: All comparisons between TDK and TDKR, and
hereby also between The Joker and Bane, are completely futile. Bane is
the pen-ultimate choice for TDKR, as The Joker were for TDK. And
actually, though The Joker arguably was a more interesting character
psychologically speaking, Bane is much more of a frightening villain.
I've read a lot of reviews stating that Heath, as expected, was a
greater villain. But I disagree. No doubt that the Joker was a
psychopath, but you were just waiting for Batman to deal with him,
really (no hard feelings, I love TDK)... but Bane is intimidating,
completely scary, and you'll find yourself questioning Batman in the
fight against this physically superior opponent. Although Bane is not
in any way unpredictable, the sheer evilness of his character is
completely frightening. It's genius (and the accent and postures,
they're just awesome).Yes, there are some questionable plot holes and corny scenes, but
that's Nolan for you. Deal with it. Fact is, you will never see greater
blockbuster movies than that of Nolan. TDKR is no exception, and it
concludes the trilogy in amazing fashion - with equal portions action
and depth!Maybe, I have to let it sink in, but my hunch is telling me that this
might be my favourite of the three. And again, the last 30 minutes will
blow you away!
			
Brilliant! I could use a hundred adjectives to describe The Dark Knight
Rises, but it wouldn't do the film justice. This film (like many of
Christopher Nolan films) deserves several viewings before one can make
a final verdict. Not because the film is hard to follow, but the
dialogue and plot feels much more crisp. You appreciate the film more,
rather than countdown to the films finale. Nolan's screenplay is
amazing and the conclusion is the greatest and most enjoyable ending of
all time. Epic is an understatement, the fight scenes between Batman
(Bale) and Bane are intense and when you see the type of battle Batman
is up against, you realize that he is just human being like us. Bane's
unique voice and Tom Hardy's menacing appearance delivers a powerful on
screen antagonist. Anne Hathaway, Michael Cain, and Gary Oldman give
emotionally charged performances as their respective characters. You
must see it again, again and again!
			
Im lost for words while writing this reviewBut the many links between all the films in the trilogy is what amazes
me. Every actor/actress made the character their own and there are no
flaws in this filmI have come across negative comments about this film but those are from
people who do not have a good understanding of the storyline. Pure
ignorance?This film is the best motion picture I have seen to date and will take
a lot to beat.Nolan did a wonderful job10/10Everyone deserves a nomination
			
Comic books have played a huge part in my live. As an artist myself i
remember drawing my own superheroes back in high school. When i was
very young Superman was my favorite. But remember i was very young.
Then a new comic book arrived. It was Superman versus Batman. I still
have it today. My introduction to Batman. Sinister dark and the
villains were just perfect. Later as a young adult i got the artistic
novels of Dave Miller they were amazing. The storyline in those novels
were not for kids. They gave a deeper insight into the twisted mind of
all villains and Batman himself. At about the same time Tim Burton had
his version of Batman out and i have to admit i enjoyed it. Tim Burton
did justice to the older image Batman was carrying from the old comics
and the TV show that ran back in the days. I think he was quiet unaware
of the transformation Batman had undergone. In the comic world. The
sequels to Tim Burton's Batman had the Superhero sliding down the
slope. Now the last sentence holds the key. Batman was never a
superhero to begin with. He is an ordinary man with a trauma. To fight
the memories of his past he becomes a vigilante. That was the
transformation in the comic world in the 90'ties. That was why many
former fans became detached from the Bat movies in the 90'ties.As a long time fan with great admiration for the most sinister villains
in Batman, Two Face Doctor Freeze ( Not Arnold! ), Bane and later the
Joker ( Dave Millers version ), I began to wonder if it would be
possible to capture the true essence of Batman on the silver screen.Batman Begins Nolan created the first new Batman, Batman begins i was
pleasantly surprised. Saying to myself: Hey i don't know where this is
going but i like the how he has portrayed Batman. The movie for me
personal i rate an 8/10.Dark Knight Then the Dark Knight came out. I saw the trailer and my
first reaction to Heath Ledger as the Joker had me in doubt. Right
after that trailer i said to my self i don't know if this actor can
Pull it off. BOY was i wrong. He pulled it off and then some!Heath did more than one thing. He not only played and Oscar
performance. He took the Joker and made him into the best villain ever.
Lets admit the Joker was never the best before Heaths portrayal. The
Joker went past all the villains mentioned before in many people's
books. But the side affect was a little unexpected. Batman didn't seem
that interesting as a character in the Dark Knight. That was never the
intention. Sadly, Heath passed away and we would not see him in the
last movie. Man would i have loved to see that! 10/10Dark Knight Rises The title for this Movie has more meaning to it than
meets the eye. Not only did he rise from retirement in the last movie,
he also had to rise to establish Batman as the main character again.
After the vigilante's role got diminished in the Dark Knight. Nolan has
succeeded in just that! Batman has become Batman again. The Villains in
Rises play an important role but Batman always stays on top Christian
Bale holds his own. The story is just great and comes to very
satisfying conclusion at the end. 10/10Who will pick up the glove? The movie leaves room for any other
director to pick off where Nolan has left it. My question is when and
who will do it. I can already say that I volunteer! Let me direct it i
already know where it should go and i know who i want to be the next
villains and who should play it. If any studio is interested just
contact me!
			
Lets begin it with saying that Christopher Nolan has IMMORTALIZED THE
BATMAN forever. At the end of a movie when you stand up from your seat
with a tear in your eye and clap and clap like never before you know
your soul just needed it, such is The Dark Knight Rises. now for people
who worship The Dark Knight, what was it without the Joker ? Just and
ordinary movie with ordinary plot but here you don't need anyone Nolan
charms your senses with his brilliance and mass drive emotion. I am not
here to write spoilers so i wont comment on the plot. The Dark Knight
was about anarchy, chaos and negativity while the dark Knight Rises is
about hope, faith , believe and rise.Nolan plays with your emotion like
a kid, bale charms with his royal amenities. Zimmer never misses a
chance to give you a goosebumps ... Watch it and witness History. And
Yesh De-Shay De-Shay Bah-Sah-Rah Bah-Sah-Rah. Don't let this piece of
art to die.
			
Let's get the obvious out of the way. Christopher Nolan is God.
Christian Bale is his messenger-on-Earth. :)And we all know he makes masterpieces, but with The Dark Knight Rises,
he has definitely created something much, much more ..To take something
as trivial as a children's comic and tailor it so well to all audiences
, globally, and to maintain that level of shock and awe over a trilogy,
that is something only Nolan could have done.Tom Hardy, Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Marion Cotillard of the Inception
fame delivered just as spectacular a performance in this movie playing
Bane, Detective John Blake and Miranda Tate respectively.Anne Hathaway,portraying Catwoman played her role to perfection as the
limber thief,stealing jewels and hearts alike.Michael Caine,as Alfred and Morgan Freeman,as Lucius Fox need no
introduction because they glittered even in the tiny roles that they
were given in this movie.Cillian Murphy,as the Scarecrow deserves a mention as well.Hans Zimmer's music, echoing beautifully throughout the movie was the
cherry on top of one of the most tasty cakes I have ever eaten.But this review is actually supposed to be about one other person
*playing Joker's voice in my head as I say this* "THE BATMAN"
Christian Bale's return as the caped crusader was greeted by the
audience, with roars and whistles so loud,that it almost completely
drowned the movie for a while!! :) The vehicles he brought out, and his
and Catwoman's stunts were greeted in the same way . Very-well
deserved.The excitement in the air was palpable wayyy before the movie even
started. And it was completely justified.My rating should be obvious5/5 :) :) P.S :If I have left out something, it is only to hide the spoilers :)
THIS movie is a MUST-WATCH :)
			
I am a huge Batman film and so met this film with plenty of scepticism
and high expectations. These were met and exceeded by Nolan's
effortless and transient way of immersing his audience in political
discussion, philosophy and of course- cinematography to die for.Without giving anything away, what I can say is that this film has set
a new bar in terms of sequels. For the first time, I feel that this
final instalment in a superhero franchise has clicked, fit and sang a
profound chorus of ecstasy. Anne Hathaway smokes Michelle Pfeiffer (and of course Halle Berry who
butchered the role at one stage) giving multi-dimensions to what was
perceived as a singular 'girl-power' character. Hathaway brings emotive
connection and sultry attitude to the role. Her beauty assists this
communication but her talent exceeds it.If there is a film you simply must see- this is it.
			
How I rank it, it's as good as Batman Begins (If not better) but not as
amazing as The Dark Knight. However, this is the best ending to a
trilogy I think I have ever witnessed in my entire life. What a
wonderful movie this is, I saw it 5 times and counting. I will admit I
was iffy on how i felt the first time I saw it but after more views I
grew to appreciate it. While it doesn't have the perfection that the
flawless Dark Knight has, it still suffices and is one of the most
powerful films I think I have seen recently. It has such a great
ending, very emotional.I am going to make this review short because I do not want to tell too
much, it's a movie that I would never forgive myself if I provided any
spoilers. First off, the movie does begin 8 years after the Dark
Knight, Batman has been a fugitive and therefore missing. Bruce Wayne
is beaten up and can barely walk because of all the beatings he took as
Batman. He then learns of a man named Bane who is plotting to terrorize
Gotham, one of the things that pushes him to put on the Batsuit again.
In the film it's about him rising from his fall. I am not giving
anymore details on the plot because again, I am not giving you, the
reader any spoilers. I can't do it, it's simply the movie that needs to
be witnessed and experienced. The movie is intense, Bane is a
frightening villain, probably the scariest villain I have seen on the
screen. He gave me chills throughout, he unlike, the Joker has an
agenda and it's a sinister one.Anyone who has ever read the comics would catch that it's a lot like
the story, "Knightfall" and "No Man's Land" which are two stories that
must be read by the way. The movie is loaded with amazing performances,
I did mention Bane, Tom Hardy who gives a great, eerie performance.
Anne Hathaway is another who stood out. Many whined before seeing it
that she wasn't fit for Catwoman, funny, Anne looks like Salina Kyle
and acts like her too. Anyone who criticizes her is simply wrong and
should probably read a comic for a change. She had that role down to a
T. She was sexy and mysterious like she should be. Another great
performance that stood out is Michael Caine as Alfred. He was always
good, however, he had to give his all in this role it was a performance
that really stuck out. These are just a few examples that I can give
out.This movie is a prime example on why I hold Christopher Nolan on a
pedestal. He can take a big idea and make it practical he doesn't need
to go heavy on the CGI to make his films look visually amazing. He
proved it many times with Inception, the flawless Dark Knight and
Batman Begins. He is without question the greatest filmmaker in this
new generation of filmmakers, he and Darren Aronofsky can do no wrong
at this point. Nolan is the filmmaker that I hope to be one day. I hope
to be able to do what he does. I have seen every Christopher Nolan
movie now, he has made nothing but great movies, it's almost as if he's
never seen a bad movie nor knows how to make one. All his movies have
perfection all over them it's insane how good he is. He's made enough
to prove himself if you ask me.I have sang too much praise for The Dark Knight Rises, I will admit the
movie does have some flaws here and there, one of them is I felt they
needed to develop the character Catwoman a little more and serve her
more of a purpose. That's just one, there are some plot holes in it but
they're mild plot holes and I will admit there were times I could not
understand what the characters were saying. Bane and Jim Gordon were
two that I had a difficult time making out what they were saying that
needed some work. It was a problem I had with them but it did not stop
me from loving the movie. I can go on and on.Christopher Nolan has made the perfect trilogy. The best I have seen
since the original Star Wars trilogy. He has proved himself yet again
that he is here to stay and is one of the best there is at this time, I
love his Batman movies but also his other movies. I can't wait to see
what else he has in line for us to watch. I look forward to seeing more
works from him and I look forward to seeing The Dark Knight Rises yet
again.
			
Viewing the 2005 Christopher Nolan production, I was pleasantly
shocked. Then after my huge expectations for, "The Dark Knight",
Christopher Nolan blew my expectations to the dust. Will the same
happen with the 3rd and last film, "The Dark Knight Rises"? Quite
simply, Yes! My big expectations were once again, blown away. What a
production! This is a true cinematic experience, to behold. The movie
exceeded my expectations in terms of action, and entertainment. The
editing, sound, score, visuals, direction and action are all top notch. The film contains a fine cast of talented actors. Christian Bale, of
course still makes is a great Batman. Michael Cain is fantastic, as he
always is. He gives such a powerful performance, he really ought to be
considered for an Oscar nomination. Tom Hardy as Bane is utterly
terrifying, at times, and completely ominous. Anne Hathaway as
Catwoman/Selina Kyle is a scene stealer. She is completely engrossing.
Everyone is so great, the dynamic scenes between the actors are so well
done, so well written, and so well directed. The Dark Knight Rises is
emotionally riveting and amazing to view.At a running time of almost 3 hours, the film never becomes dull, which
is pretty impressive. The movie's action sequences are spectacularly
well created and very intense. The dialogue between the character's are
intelligent and highly believable. The movie's soundtrack is terrific
and really exemplify's many of the movie's scenes. Extremely well
editing and sound use really develop many of the movie's action scenes,
so it's not just explosions and visuals like in many other movies.
Nolan creates a grand, dirty, engrossing world, and his action
sequences just hum. In conclusion, this film is a gorgeous reminder that great writing and
direction can enhance any movie-going experience, even superhero
movies, which are usually thought of as mindless entertainment. I am
wholly satisfied with Christopher Nolan's vision and thank all who
worked on this film for bringing such an intricate interpretation of
its very famous literary source. I cannot recommend this film anymore
than I have, I just have to say everyone and anyone should see it.
11/10"Finally, I would like to thank Christopher Nolan for portraying Batman
in a way no one ever thought was possible and for making one the best
trilogy of all time.
			
I read that Christopher Nolan took inspiration from the Lord of the
Rings trilogy on this final Dark Knight film, and it showed. It is true
there are rarely any superb third films in a saga, but I think this is
up there with the top.The acting was truly spectacular, as usual, with many heartbreaking
moments (namely those between Alfred and Bruce.) It is difficult enough
for actors to portray potent emotions using words, but sometimes Caine
and Bale simply broke my heart using their eyes. Anne Hathaway was
amazing and seductive as the Catwoman, taking on a very complex
character wonderfully. Also Joseph Gordon-Levitt shone through as he
usually does, likable and courageous as Blake. Tom Hardy was simply
terrifying at times.I know there are people who are ranting at this movie for "not meeting
the standard set by the Dark Knight" but personally I think they are
looking only at the antagonists. Yes, the Joker was a wholeheartedly
epic villain, and it will probably be difficult for anyone to match
Ledger's outstanding performance of him - but that doesn't mean Bane
was in any way not up to scratch. He was very scary and I found myself
wide- eyed at certain scenes, especially the first real fight between
him and Batman. I don't think it's fair to judge this movie simply on
Bane vs Joker, because obviously the Joker will win.The plot was very ambitious and intense. Even though the runtime was a
lengthy two hours and forty five minutes, I almost wanted some time to
stop for breath at certain points. I believe it is probably a film
which needs to be viewed twice before all of it really is sewn together
(also, if you haven't seen Batman Begins and the Dark Knight in a while
it is better when you re-watch all.) It was full of heart-racing action
and breath-taking emotion. It is most definitely not just a "simple
action movie" as it included so many twists and turns in the story. I
admit I am usually not a fan of actions just because they often lack
intelligent plots - however, the Dark Knight trilogy is right there
near the top of my five favourite films. I also liked the introduction
of the Bat, just out of pure enjoyment.There are a couple of downsides I have though, first being Marion
Cotillard as Miranda Tate. She was underdeveloped and unlike-able from
the beginning and, although this is explained later, I do not
understand what Bruce saw in her in the first place. The second little
bad point I can't really go into without making a spoiler, but when a
certain character dies I wish it had been more significant after all of
the trouble it took. I am glad Nolan didn't go for the 3D option, too. The ending was simply
perfect in my opinion, and although I am devastated that it is all
over, I am happy I left the cinema fully satisfied rather than
disappointed as I am with many endings.Truly a 10/10 film regardless of the bitter cynics.
			
-Does not contain spoilers-The Dark Knight Rises is Christopher Nolan's thrilling and
ground-breaking conclusion to a saga which thrilled us with the evil
League of Shadows in 'Batman Begins' and Heath Ledger's phenomenal
Joker in 'The Dark Knight'. This movie takes what we the viewers have
learnt so far about Batman and the people of Gotham and turns it on its
head. How will Gotham cope against its greatest threat yet? If you thought the star of 'The Dark Knight' was Heath Ledger instead
of Christian Bale, then you will not be disappointed in the finale. In
proper homage to 'Batman Begins', Nolan takes us on a tour of all that
formed a backdrop in the first two movies, from the psychologies of
Gotham's finest to the empty desires of the dark knight's foes. A new
villain brings the story to a new nadir, as hope seeps from the streets
of Gotham. The plan of the anti-hero is made clear and the path of
Bruce Wayne becomes a quest for survival and the conquest of fear
itself. Terrific writing and amazing acting make 'The Dark Knight
Rises' the movie of the year for 2012. And if there is a film out there
that deserves a 10/10 rating this year, it is certainly 'Rises'.Acting 10/10 ... Originality 9.0/10 ... Thrill Factor 10/10 ... Story
Quality 9.5/10 ... Action 9.2/10Overall Rating - 10/10
			
"Deh-Shay Deh-Shay, Bah Sah Rah Bah Sah Rah. Deh-Shay Deh-Shay, Bah Sah
Rah Bah Sah Rah. Deh-Shay Deh-Shay, Bah Sah Rah Bah Sah Rah! ""The Batman has to come back." He has to. "He must." After eight year exile? Will he? "Is he back?"Yes ! He returns and rises again ! :)No words. EPIC ! Ultimate conclusion to the trilogy. If you ask me
whether you should watch it or not, then be prepared to be buried ! You
can watch it as many times as you wish ! This is one of the best films
I have ever seen in my life till now and one of the best from the
Legendary director, Christopher Nolan who has the capacity to deliver
beyond your imaginations and expectations every single time ! And also,
one of the best Batman films and a trilogy of its kind ! There will not
be a Batman movie and a trilogy like this ever again in any sense. It
has everything: Story line, Editing, Direction, Action, Sound, Score,
Visuals and what not ! The dialogues are very much moving and
believable. Films need not be full of action, multi-superhero cast with
a pinch of comedy in order to entertain you. TDKR proves it ! A true
cinematic experience ! :)With this finale, Christopher Nolan has become the first director to
complete a full trilogy of Batman films. And, Christian Bale the first
live action actor to portray Batman/Bruce Wayne in three Batman films.
At 165 minutes long, this is the longest Batman film released to date
as well as the longest film that Christopher Nolan has ever directed!Though all the three films were dark themed; this is a bit different
from The Dark Knight which was based on fear, distrust and
breaking-the- spirit thing. This one reminds you of the Batman Begins.
The story reconnects the plot with Batman Begins introducing Ra's al
Ghul's principles and the return of the Leauge of Shawdows to fulfill
Ra's mission, with the help of Bane, to destroy Gotham in order to
restore balance from injustice and the corrupt. Nolan very cleverly
introduced new characters, Robin and Catwoman who very well suitably
blended in. There were many climaxes and twist but the end was amazing
! ;)When the lights go off you can shout ! When there is darkness, you can
anticipate. When he rolls, we CLAP ! And the cops say they will catch
The Dark Knight ! What a joke ! :D His entry: You can feel the
goosebumps ! Thanks to Hans Zimmer, as the music is simply outstanding
! While Lucius Fox always has something new to give away every time,
even without any unusual request ! ;) BTW, who the bloody hell calls
The Bat, a rat ! :D The name is pretty appropriate though, for, The Bat
could fly ! ;) :D And, Yes ! Forgot to add that now-a-days, everything
comes in black ! :DHis psychological and intellect style of direction is worth watching as
he used the conventional method to shoot the film rather than opting
for the digital format to make this the biggest blockbuster on screen !
No doubts, it will break many records at box office. It has already
outdone everything ! Absolutely 11/10 ! :)But the question remains... Who is he? A symbol? An element of trust? A
man with a cape? A hero? A watchman? A guardian? The Dark Knight? But
as Gordon just says it over and over again... He is The Batman ! :)
			
I've watched Batman begins hundreds of times and I personally see it as
a very under rated film. Batman Begins is one of the best movies I've
ever seen. The dark knight was fantastic but not as good as Batman
begins. I've waited four years however for this movie and I've seen it
twice in 3 days at the cinemas. it truly is a fantastic movie with
superb acting and an extremely gripping story line. half way through I
was thinking Jesus this is a disappointment this is so predictable but
how I was so wrong. Twists and turns and so much action. The only thing
I didn't really like was Bane completely smashing Batman at the
beginning. Ras Al Ghul told Bruce he was his greatest student so how
could Bane beat him so easily. Also in Batman Begins Bruce asks if the
suit is tear resistant in which Fox replies " This sucker will stop a
knife." A solid 10/10 and not many movies get a 10/10 in my view.
			
Before I saw this movie I was nervous that it would disappoint me, it
didn't. Nolan was able to outdo himself once again creating a
masterpiece worthy of admiration. The strongest point of the movie were
not the action sequences or the special effects, but the incredible
performances by all the cast. Unlike the previous installment of the
trilogy in which Heath Ledger's Joker literally stole the movie, this
time the performances and the characters development is evened out.Tom Hardy as Bane gave an extraordinary performance that rooted the
character to reality. Brutal and ferocious throughout most of the
movie, I think Bane's best moment and one of my favorite scenes in the
movie is when he is at his most vulnerable state. Some people argue
that Bane lacked character development, but what Hardy transmits with
only his eyes near the end of the movie tells the audience everything
they need to know about the character and his motivations. We also get
to see the vulnerable side of Bruce Wayne portrayed again by Christian
Bale. This time Bale nailed the character perfectly and gave his best
performance as Batman to date.Marion Cotillard was stunning as always and converted what could have
been a very plain and dull role into something incredible. Anne
Hathaway was a perfect cast for Catwoman and stole the show in most of
the scenes she appeared in. Joseph Gordon-Levitt was also a great
addition to the usual cast and he proved yet again that he has great
talent. Finally I would like to talk about Michael Caine's performance
as Alfred. Breathtaking and heartbreaking at the same time. Alfred was
the heart of this movie even if he had little screen time. Every one of
his scenes was incredibly emotional and they brought me near to tears
several times. Needless to say the production and visual effects of the film were
outstanding. The cinematography was beautiful yet dramatic. The editing
was almost flawless and helped convey the brutality of the action
sequences without having to force the violence. Technically speaking
this movie is almost perfect with a few exceptions such as the stadium
sequence in which there are a few continuity errors with the crowd and
the cgi of the stadium could have been more believable.Even tough I loved this movie and give it a 10 out of 10 there are
certain aspects that could have been better. First of all it should
have been much more longer. Even tough it is almost three hours long
the film felt to fast for me. I know is probably the studio's fault and
not Nolan's, but I would really like to watch an extended edition.
Also, a little more development on Bane would have been great.I would recommend this movie for everyone no matter your tastes. This
movie combines the best out of every genre and its a true masterpiece.
As one aspiring Filmmaker I really admire Christopher Nolan for pulling
this off and for constantly outdoing himself. This was a true
masterpiece. Thanks to the whole TDKR cast and crew for giving us this
amazing movie.
			
First off, do not believe any of the reviews that give this film less
than a 5. I am pretty sure these people are either on drugs or are
writing bad reviews just to get people going. This is a perfect end to
a perfect superhero trilogy. Christopher Nolan has created an entirely unique batman universe and
that gave him a lot of artistic freedom. Sure there were a lot of
differences in this movie from the comics and other films. All of the
Chris Nolan's Batman movies had these differences. The Important thing
to remember is that he wanted to portray a more realistic and gritty
version of Batman. I am glad that he sufficiently ended the trilogy in such a way that
somebody else will not be able to come along and ruin it with a batman
4, like they did to the previous versions. Those movies just got worse
and worse with every sequel. Chris Nolan Changes that I Loved:*Bane didn't use venom to get buff- I always thought the whole steroid
thing was really lame, this new Bane was way more evil and
intellectual.*Robin was not a trapeze artist- Seems to make more sense than the "boy
wonder" homo-erotic storyline. I also hated the fact that Batman was
always a hypocrite to Robin in previous films. *Batman actually gets hurt- You actually see this a lot in the comics
but up until now has been left out of the movies. Of course you would
be barely able to walk if you took a beating on a regular basis.*Batman Retires/ Bruce Wayne Dies- Bravo Christopher Nolan, for having
the guts to bring this to a real ending! *Cat-woman did not use a whip- I always thought that was an unnecessary
accessory for a thief. I think they originally added that just for a
sexy edge. The special effects were perfect in this movie. I was really hard to
tell when they were doing CGI or if it was the real thing. The movie
was long but it moved really fast and was packed with action. There was
some really good acting, especially Michael Caine (Alfred), and Gary
Oldman (Gordon). Bottom line- I loved this movie. Definitely will buy
the blue ray when it comes out!
			
All true Batman fans had to have loved this trilogy. It was true to the
comics, realistic, and pulled us in from the very beginning. I know
most final films are spectacular, but I honestly didn't think this film
would compare to the Dark Knight. I was wrong,and have never been so
happy at having been proved wrong.First and foremost, the acting was sublime; everyone gave a brilliant
performance, even the smaller played actors. Simply amazing.Costumes and sets, phenomenal. Music, perfectBut my hat goes off to Christopher Nolan for not only directing a
masterpiece, but for writing it and bringing it to life.Watch this movie, you won't regret it, it truly is stunning. 10 out of
10; the best movie of the year.
			
Here are my thoughts- Watched the movie -2 straight viewings.The movie
is MESMERIZING .Can't get myself out of the Bat universe of Nolan. TDKR
is a monumental achievement by Great director C.Nolan.Before saying
anything we have to agree on one point that while making this movie he
had faced the toughest challenge of living up to the standard of the
preceding masterpiece -TDK and ending the most anticipated trilogy on a
sound note. I have nothing but superlatives to describe what I just
witnessed. Honestly I'm still shocked at how it far exceeded anything I
had hoped for. The ending is perfect! Absolute resolution! I'm still
soaking it in. yeah, this movie has everything I wanted in a Nolan
Batman movie and then some... ABSORBING.Yes,the movie is engaging to a great extent despite having a
long run time of roughly 3 hours.After initial 15 minutes you get
sucked into the Gotham universe.This is not a popcorn movie where you
can afford munching on popcorn to kill boredom.One of the Very few
movies that I have seen with such long playtime but still not becoming
dull at a single moment.(Unless you have ADHD)2.Casting Hardy as Bane is quite intimidating,ruthless.You must
appreciate the actor's dedication to his work. He has molded his body
physique in a terrific hunk character.You get to see his face briefly
for one scene only.With mask on for most of the rest of time,he has
given a commendable performance Bane.You can appreciate the furious
eyes,the twitching of muscles and the horrifying voice-they have modded
the voice definitely since he was a bit inaudible in the prologue(but
in the movie-Bane is audible for each and every sentence)He is a classy
villain, whose motivations are understandable, and frightening.This is,
in my opinion, his best work aside from Warrior. Christian Bale-What a
spectacular performance!He has proved his acting mettle too many times
and he gives full justice to Bruce's role yet again!He was phenomenal
in emotional scenes with Caine.Age just doesn't show up on the actors'
face.Best Bruce Wayne in the history of Batman movies!Period.Freeman,Caine,Gary Oldman are just amazing actors,you can simply expect
a seminal performance from them.There was no doubt they were going to
do their best! Anne Hathaway -Surprisingly steals the show.She is the
best Catwoman I have ever seen!Her character is gifted with many crisp
,humorous,sarcastic dialogs.She has immersed herself in that role
fully. M.Cotillard-What a shocking twist!She had perfectly portrayed
seductive ,yet negative role of MAL in Inception,and she succeeds in
justifying her casting in this film.It's impressive how actor's with
very few dialogs in the movie can impact the general outcome! 3.Action:
This is the mother of all superhero action movies.The last hour or so
is just EPIC.At one stage the city of Gotham is almost torn apart by
Bane.The CGI are perfect.The last 15 minutes are full of "edge-of the
seat" moments.The Cinematography is breathtakingly beautiful. Many
scenes have been shot with an IMAX camera and that extra effort has
helped make the film all the more amazing. I can safely say this is the
best piece of cinematography I have seen till now!!In last 30
minutes,all the chaos breaks loose and you get the feeling of a new
world-war. Bane proves to be a far enormous master of anarchy than the
Joker.The destruction he causes is unimaginable.4.Direction "The dark knight rises" isn't the perfect film but it is
definitely the most emotional of all three. You can feel the pressure
on Nolan while making this enormously anticipated movie.He has lived up
to expectations.He has once again shown he is the BEST film maker of
this generation.This man continues to amaze me as a FINISHER.Look at
any board maximum people are discussing the END of the movie.Yes!He
succeeds yet again in satisfying both classes-the hardcore Batman
fans(Who can take a little bit of fantasy into consideration)and the
prudent not-so-fan type of viewers. TDKR is much beyond the final
ending scenes.This is what most people ain't getting in their heads.The emotional scenes are directed skilfully.Noaln has always been
blamed for lacking emotional content,being too cerebral etc..In this
movie he will shut the mouth of such critics.In fact it is
"Not-so-typical of-Nolan" type movie,which begins slow,but seeps deep
inside your heart.Yes,there are few flaws.5.Music- Composer Hans Zimmer has done an excellent job again creating
a haunting and beautiful soundtrack to accompany this film. There are
not many places where you can appreciate the OST since the movie
thrives heavily on the dialogs,still you get goose-bumps when "Imagine
the fire" plays at the end.What a soundtrack it is! "Rise" plays at
grim moments of the movie.It is Perfectly fitting to the situations of
the movie. IMHO,they under-utilized Bane's chant "Dey she Bah-SA-rah".
I Would have loved to hear that score at many places.6.Conclusion&Reception It is a great film which would have been
considered amazing had it not been for the impossibly high standards
set by it's predecessors. The end leaves you awestruck and speechless,
feeling satisfied and knowing that you have just seen the ending to
what is possibly the best trilogy of all time. You just don't want to
get out of the Nolan Universe of Batman even after the credits stop
rolling down the screen. The reception was awesome in the theater.There
was huge cheer for the Batman when he appears for the first time in the
movie.Huge applause followed the end,when name of the director flashes
on the screen for one final time as far as Batman movies are concerned.
Thanks to C.Nolan for reviving a dead comic series,a series which was
awfully pictured by so many directors till now.You happen to be the
best and deserve great acclaim for making The Dark Knight Rises", - "a
fantastic spectacle, groundbreaking and masterfully incredible".Rating - 9.5/10
			
This is truly the best movie of all time. The reason I say this is
because it delivers the perfect ending and brilliant storyline to the
most anticipated Batman movie of all time, and the most anticipated
ending to a trilogy of all time. The opening scene/s are jaw dropping
and is/are the perfect way to start the Dark Knight Rises. A top of the
line cast, with terrific performances from each and every one of them.
Christopher Nolan does a fantastic job of delivering a perfect plot
that is deep yet perfectly poised and told. The visual effects as well
as the overall climax and sheer power of each scene are second to none.
Tom Hardy, Bane really is the ultimate villain, and although it is not
proper to compare the two, second only to Heath Ledger, The Joker. An
incredible experience that keeps all of the true faithful Batman fans
beyond happy, along with all other viewers happy and thrilled due to
the great acting, plot, and execution. Batman Begins, The Dark Knight,
The Dark Knight Rises truly is an untouchable trilogy that tops the
list among all the others. Christian Bale is Batman, and this film is
without a doubt a masterpiece beyond the limits of what we all thought
was achievable. The Dark Knight Rises is the ultimate experience.
			
I was never even the least interested in superhero movies, but Nolan's
epic trilogy just dragged me into it.. Wow...my best movie experience
ever..and the deafening cheering in the movie-hall complimenting it!
What an ending...Oscar-worthy performances from each one of 'em...Now I
understand why Miranda Tate's character was a tad under-developed from
the beginning..IMDb rating 9.2...#10 in IMDb Top 250..Nolan weaves
magic again...tying up all the loose ends and addressing modern day
issues via the batman saga..Moreover, this movie is more about Bruce
Wayne than Batman...So, befitting emotions to go with the slick action
sequences..An epic conclusion indeed!P.S.- This movie deserves to be experienced in the movie-hall...Please
don't go for torrents in this case because you'll be the loser and will
be disrespecting the movie too!
			
After I saw the trailer for this movie, I thought it would not be
possible to top 'The Dark Knight', but it certainly does. There are
epic fighting and action scenes, plenty of themes throughout, great
quotes and unexpected twists. This is the only film I have ever watched
which is two hours plus, and after the second hour I DID not want to
end. There is a good amount of reasonable villains in this movie, but
not to much (not counting Catwoman as a villain). Storyline is well
balanced and not overdone just like the previous movie.What I enjoyed most above this film was the faith being lost, then
faith being restored so many times. The soundtrack was extraordinary
just like 'The Dark Knight' and timed perfectly. An absolutely
exhilarating exciting and brilliant movie, in summary a must see film!
Batman fan or not!
			
This is what happens when you spend millions on special effect, visual
design, artistic direction, famous actors, camera work and then you
spend the time and effort on the script and story line.This movie is the rare treat where all parts of the movie making
process are taken into consideration. Nothing is missed. This movie is
a rarity for me in that it exceeded my expectations. My faith in movie
making restored. I suggest Ridley Scott watch this film over and over and understand
what a movie should be. Without a proper script, believable characters
and a coherent story, you have nothing (I'm referring to Prometheus of
course).Well done Christopher Nolan and thank you.
			
Let me say from the beginning THE DARK KNIGHT RISES is a triumph, not
only the rising of the biggest superhero ever lived but also the rising
of Hollywood cinema.In my opinion Christopher Nolan's batman even
overcomes to the batman of the comic books in many ways, Nolan
understands the essence and the psychology of the character and the
world around him bringing the myth to the real world. One thing I
always hated about American comic is that characters always have a
beginning but never an end. Batman is not like the other superheroes of
the comic books, he is not condemned by his superpowers, he is
condemned by a trauma of see the murder of his parents when he was just
a little kid, Nolan understand this and take us through a journey that
starts in the first film when we are witness of the Bruce Wayne
transformation into batman to become in the dark knight and then redeem
himself overcoming his childhood trauma ending this trilogy in a
masterly way..The performances of the actors are outstanding they don't
act they just become the characters,special mention to Anne Hathaway
who really surprised me with her Selina Kyle portrayal.the expectations
were high and it did not disappoint, I would dare to say the film even
overcomes the expectations..thank you mister Nolan for this masterpiece
			
This movie takes place 8 years after the Dark Knight. Bruce Wayne has
hung up his cape and is living the life of a hermit. He has been in a
depression since he had to take the fall for Harvey Dent's terrible
crimes. He must now resurface as the Batman to defeat Bane. An evil
mercenary bent on destroying Gotham. The first thing people need to realize when they go to see Christopher
Nolan's final Batman film is that this is Bruce Wayne's story more than
it is of Batman. Bruce has to make the most difficult decision of his
life. Should he continue to be the Batman? This is an outstanding film. No one could have ended this series better
than Christopher Nolan. He does a great job bringing this legend to a
close. The script is incredible. It is such an amazing story filled
with cool new characters. I'm happy that we got to see more of Bruce
Wayne in this movie. Christen Bale is such a gifted actor and was top
notch in this movie. The entire cast exceeded my expectations. Anne
Hathaway surprised me the most as Selina Kyle A.K.A. Catwomen. Michael
Caine gave an Oscar worthy performance even though he has little screen
time. Tom Hardy stole the show as the brutal villain Bane. I don't know
why people are complaining. I could understand Bane just fine. His
first fight with Batman was one of my favorite parts. There was no
music which made it all the more suspenseful. His dialog is written
very well. The Choreography was perfect. All of the fights look
stunning. My hat goes off to Wally Pfister who deserves an Oscar for
the Cinematography. This was a major highlight of the movie. The
special effects are fantastic. Hans Zimmer is no exception. The score
is great. The last 45 minutes had me on the edge of my seat.Overall, I had a lot of fun watching this. The only problems I have
with it are very minor. I am very disappointed with how they handled
Bane's death. It was quick and very unclear what happens to him.
Besides that, this was a great end to a perfect Trilogy. I hope JGL will be in a Nightwing movie.The best part of this movie is the optimism it shows. Nolan could have
killed the Batman, but that would have been too easy. He decided to do
something unexpected. He gave us hope. This is the ending that we
needed and I'm glad to see a happy ending for a change. Thanks to
Christopher Nolan, the dawn has finally arrived. 10/10
			
This film beautifully rounded off a stunning trilogy. Up until now, the
closest we had got to a great superhero trilogy was spiderman but that
was let down by its third chapter. This not only sees the dark knight
but raises it to a whole new epic level (of course nothing can match
the joker in terms of completely taking an iconic role and stamping all
over it), bane and catwoman are fantastic in their roles and are
perfect foils for Bruce Wayne and batman. You may have read many reviews complaining about the running time (it
simply flies by as it all builds to an epic finale) and numerous so
called 'plot holes' but don't worry, nearly all can be explained by
paying close attention to details so carefully and cleverly dotted
throughout the trilogy which helps to bring his level of storytelling
to a whole new level. And Nolan does what he does best and gives us
several twists that thrill the viewer and make them yearn for
more......reboot, you have a lot to live up to!The acting, the score, the plot and tying up loose ends were all handed
fantastically well and I look forward to Snyder & Nolan telling us
their version of the origins of perhaps the most iconic superhero of
them all (if batman has not already taken that mantle as a result of
this story.)
			
Batman Begins, The Dark Knight and now, The Dark Knight Rises, 3
movies, a trilogy that sums up Christopher Nolan's journey as a Batman
film maker (for now, as I'm sure he'll be overlooking the reboot for
the JL movie). However, this journey was not easy as Nolan had a vision
but he needed perfect crew to deliver, to execute the idea that he had.
Arguably, the best Bruce Wayne ever, played by Christian Bale, the
godly Lucius Fox played by Morgan Freeman, the caring Alfred played by
Sir Michael Caine and the just police officer Gordon played by Gary
Oldman are the consistent characters throughout the trilogy who just
add a touch of magic. The Dark Knight Rises has rightfully summed up
the trilogy and have delivered fans what they truly deserved. The
action sequences are just top notch. The heart of this film, however is
the collective dialogue delivery and the story, of course. With a huge
number of twists and turns and a huge concept, one just wonders if
nearly 3 hours of this film is enough. Personally, I wish Nolan
releases a director's cut which is much longer and has cuts at a normal
pace and I'd watch it with a smile. To sum things up, this is a 10
starrer for me and The Dark Knight Trilogy goes in my collection's top
shelf.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is a big hit if you are looking for a good action
movie than this is the movie for you than it is a movie for the whole
family to enjoy it is for a fact one of the best films of 2012 so far
it is a movie that you can not miss i recommend this movie for everyone
of all ages will enjoy i never saw a movie like this before in my whole
life it is a great movie in IMAX you should go see this movie at the
IMAX at Tulsa Oklahoma because you get all of the good sounds i hope
you enjoy this movie everyone i hope you enjoy this one of a kind movie
it is one of the best PG13 movies i ever saw if you want to see a good
movie than this is the movie that i recommend for you than it rocks
enjoy the movie everyone
			
THE DARK KNIGHT RISES (2012) **** Christian Bale, Gary Oldman, Tom
Hardy, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Anne Hathaway, Marion Cotillard, Morgan
Freeman, Michael Caine, Matthew Modine, Alon Aboutboul Ben Mendelsohn,
Burn Gorman, Daniel Sunjata, Nestor Carbonell, Brett Cullen, Juno
Temple, Tom Conti (SPOILER - Cameos: Liam Neeson, Cillian Murphy) The
grand finale in maestro filmmaker Christopher Nolan's gargantuan
thrill-machine with the comic-book franchise reboot of The Caped
Crusader making a comeback to Gotham in a self- imposed eight-year
exile after the death of DA Harvey Dent that resulted in a peaceful
crime- depleted sabbatical until. cue entrance of impenetrable,
powerful brute and ex-mercenary spawn from hell, Bane (Hardy in a
face-hugging Darth Vaderean life/death mask), a formidable foe for
arthritic, ailing secluded billionaire Bruce Wayne (Bale validating his
place in the cinematic pantheon for a well-executed recreation of the
mythos of Batman and his alter ego), facing entrepreneurial and
financial woes. Adding fuel to the fire is master cat burglar come
fly-or cat- in the ointment silky Selina Kyle (Hathaway vamping and
having a field day kicking ass and kissing off any pretense of what
makes her sexy!) with plans of her own. The heavy-laden screenplay by
Nolan with his brother Jonathan and collaborator of the series David S.
Goyer manage to touchstone on practically everything in its kitchen
sink timely-socio/politico themes including the entitled '1 %" getting
a comeuppance from the masses; identity crises; facing the real truths
(looking within can only be obtained with help from outside); and
basically overcoming fears and obstacles in being what is true to you:
good will triumph over evil. always! Some radical and pulse-pounding
action sequences to the hilt including the opening mid-(h)airy plane
jacking and a few improvements on the Batmobile while introducing the
beastly aero vehicle of mayhem, "The Bat". Waycool as always with
fantastic cinematography by Wally Pfister, (and a must see in IMAX
format that always envelops instead of smothers!), epic production
design by Nathan Crowley and Kevin Kavanaugh (ably supported by having
Manhattan (FINALLY displayed as Gotham's rightful geographic
Doplleganger - as well as such diverse cities as LA and Newark, NJ !)
with omnisciently awesome orchestrals by the one and only Hans Zimmer.
The returning ace ensemble of Oldman as the on-the-mend commissioner
JIm Gordon; Caine as the avuncular manservant Alfred; smooth operator
Foreman as Lucius Fox, the procurer of bad-ass toys and weaponry of
Wayne Enterprises; with newcomers Gordon-Levitt as a rookie cop cut of
the same cloth of Gordon and Wayne and cosmopolitan Cotillard as
Bruce's love-interest with more at stake in a clean fuel invention of
some pointed interest. One of the year's best and arguably one of the
best trilogies of all time.
			
I'm writing this with the dislocated brain. After watching the movie, I
couldn't allow myself to calm down. I went mad and shouted madly along
with the 100s in theatre. Dint know what struck me and couldn't have
been better. A well crafted movie which has pain pinned on every scene.
Christian Bale Aka Batman very well executed his character as always.
The bane, a character you could hardly forget but not as good as Joker
yet terrorizes Gotham as well as you. The dialogues were as usual
humorous and punchy. Alfred's character was well crafted in this flick
rather than the others and TDKR quite perfectly showed the emotional
side of his character and his care towards his master was quite
adorable. Background score by Hans Zimmer would make you sit in awe as
it rules the movie right from the beginning. After all this,
Christopher Nolan, no wonder he is called a visionary film maker. But,
when it ended, I felt quite sad, because this is the last flick of
Nolan's Batman, a man who has given new dimension to a superhero movie.
Worth watching and the climax as said, is an Epic. Worth watching and
Worth waiting
			
Just saw this on a 6 story IMAX Screen. Despite lofty expectations,
film still managed to exceed them.*Tom Hardy's Bane is arguably the most menacing, awe inspiring villain
in film history. *Ann Hathaway rocked as Catwoman. I am not normally a
fan but like Heath she won me over. *Narrative returned the "main"
focus to Bale and he delivered as well.Can't wait to see this again to catch all of the hallmark twists and
turns Nolan revels in. If the academy fails to recognize this work of
art it will be my final Oscar telecast viewing ever.Enjoy!
			
No words can do this film justice but i'll try my best. Everything
about it the acting, the action, the effects etc are just brilliant. It
makes you smile, it makes you sad, it makes you cry and it makes you
want to cheer. The 165 minutes just fly by and leave a very fitting
ending to an unbelievable trilogy from Christopher Nolan. I hear some
people comparing it to other film of the same genre like the avengers,
but this is just better. Its not just all explosions, its the story as
well. It takes you in and gets you emotional with every happy or sad
moment. Batman begins was good, the dark knight was great, but this is
just on another level. Forget best film of the year...best film ever
made. 10/10
			
Cast aside all doubt that TDKR can't live up to the expectations and
the hype; this movie is amazing. Nolan and company solve the obvious
dilemma of Hardy's Bane comparing unfavorably to Ledger's Joker by not
even acknowledging it. Ledger's performance is one of the finest in the
history of cinema - menacing, broken, manic, sociopathic, and yes even
sympathetic at times - so Hardy created a relentlessly evil character
of bold strokes. Where Ledger was nuanced and complex, Hardy is the
movie's unstoppable force, furious and foreboding with a singularity of
purpose. Bane's mask, resembling something out of Alien, prevents us
from seeing him speak. More than anything else, this prevents any
legitimate Joker/Bane comparisons from being made. The movie is
intelligently scripted, superbly acted, and proves that Nolan had not
yet reached his creative peak with The Dark Knight. The newest
characters - Hathaway, Cotillard, Gordon-Levitt, and Modine, are all
fully realized. This leaves less screen time for returning characters
played by Caine, Freeman, and Oldman but Nolan makes their scenes
count. Full of unexpected twists and turns along the way, TDKR soars
highest at the end, pulling off the impossible task of leaving us
hungry for more while at the same time providing a completely
satisfying conclusion to the trilogy. Bravo!
			
I am a huge fan of the batman movies. I also was when I saw Burton's
version and when was announced that Nolan would bring his own version,
I had serious doubts. I am glad I have seen the trilogy of Nolan. It is
almost worth living for. Before I am going to comment this movie, I
must say something about the rating on IMDb on this movie. It is very
wrong to rate this movie below 5 because you are or not a batman fan
(just don't watch this movie) or to rate it very low because you think
it is not worth to be number one movie made ever. The first batman
movies of Nolan were terrific and a lot of people rated them 1 also
because they did not want this movie on number one in the top 250. I
don't think that is the way to rate a movie, that is definitely worth
above the five. Nolan's work deserves more to be treated like this.Now about the movie. I must say we don't see much action in Wayne. The
fast man (playboy) he was in the first two movies is gone. Christian
gives us a broken man and shows us what a great actor he is. Even
Michael Caine, we don't see him much in the movie and that's a pity,
but what an actor! Nolan knows how to pick out the cast. Joseph was
great, his alter ego was hidden very well! He made the ending open, I
wonder why. If this would be the last Batman movie, why would the
ending be left open? Hardy is a fine actor, but we did not get to see a
lot of him because of his mask. I did not recognize his face or his
voice. His role could have been played by Billy Zane and you would not
see the difference.The movie was three hours long and the hours were flying by! It did not
feel like three hours. These Batman movies are very addictive. When one
is made, you still want more. Nolan gave this third (I won't say last
because I don't want to believe that) a great script. The movie grabbed
back at the first movie and misguided the viewer often and very well.
Due to the shooting at the premiere in America I had the shivers seeing
Bane shooting for nothing at people. I got this weird feeling seeing
this movie in the cinema, because also in The Netherlands we have crazy
people with guns shooting for nothing at the shopping malls. I was
shocked when the bomb exploded at the end, I did not believe what I
saw. But the way the hero revived was a little bit under timed, also
with the background music. Dutch subtitles were very, very wrong. I'm
glad I have learned to understand English a bit.For my last words; great movie. Three hours are like one and a half.
Nolan showed us with all three his Batman movies that each one of them
are aces. Don't let this be the last Batman movie. I hope not that
there will come an other director and wants to blow the Batman movies a
new life like The amazing spider-man. Burton and Schumacher showed us
that changing Bruce Wayne from Keaton to Kilmer and Clooney did not do
any good. Even changing Homes into Gyllenhaal was a wrong move, to be
precise, adding Holmes to the first movie was not very great to begin
with. If Nolan wanted to do it right he should have taken Gyllenhaal
for the first movie as well. Make a next movie with Bale, but don't go
on a fourth movie with Gordon-Levitt alone. That would be a mistake
like Berry's cat woman.
			
First off, before you see this movie, you have to watch the first two
to understand some of the story. This movie is excellent because it
ties so well together with the first two and there is a reason Bane is
trying to destroy Gotham. He doesn't just do bad stuff randomly. This
is by far the best performance by Christian Bale in the trilogy and
Anne Hathaway is perfect for the role of Catwomen. Tom Hardy is also
really good as Bane. Every actor/actress is really good in this movie
and the plot twists are amazing! I am probably going to see this movie
20 times in the movies and get it on DVD. The story to this movie is
awesome and it goes really well together with the first two. This might
even be the best trilogy ever made (or at least the best comic book
based trilogy). In my opinion, this is the best comic book/superhero
movie ever! I could not have asked for anymore from Nolan or this
movie. It was just perfect!
			
Like Mary Poppins herself, "The Dark Knight Rises" is practically
perfect in every way. To say that I was highly anticipating Christopher
Nolan's epic finale to perhaps the greatest trilogy in cinematic
history is an understatement. Donning Catwoman, sorry, Selina Kyle,
ears, I headed out to see the 12:01 showing of what I expected to be
the best movie of the summer, and boy, was I not let down. "The Dark
Knight Rises" gives the word epic a new name. Nolan has created a
Gotham City that was larger than life, and a movie that is larger than
any I have seen. Everything about the movie is big, big stars, big
emotions, big explosions...even Gotham is bigger than it has ever been.
I have read some criticism from fan-boys and girls all over the
Internet, and I must say I don't agree with most of the criticism. I
find Nolan's Batman to be The Batman in every sense of the word. While
some "fans" don't see it this way, the Nolan version of Batman lines up
perfectly with my understanding of the Batman character the Batman
myth. Batman is not hell-bent on destroying criminals one by one, he is
a symbol of justice, a symbol that even in the darkest of times, there
is a light that will "rise". Good will prevail. Bane is perhaps the most evil villain Batman has ever faced. A
completely ruthless terrorist, who's only goal is to destroy Gotham
City and American ideals. "The Dark Knight Rises" is the ultimate
battle of good versus evil, Batman being good, Bane being evil, and
Selina Kyle representing the gray area in between the two. In the
previous film, "The Dark Knight", district attorney Harvey Dent fought
on the same side as Batman, for the same thing, to preserve the values
of Gotham City, and to restore the city to greatness through justice.
Although Batman and Dent went about their crusades differently, the end
goal was the same. Bane is anti everything that Batman and Dent stood
for. Bane is an agent of chaos, lawlessness, and destruction. He is
Batman's equal in strength, intelligence, an resources, and proves to
be a worthy opponent of the caped crusader. The film starts out slow, with a pretty uninspired action sequence
introducing the audience to Bane. I forgave this relatively pointless
sequence because after the outstanding opening of "The Dark Knight",
anything remotely similar would have seemed like a pale imitation.The film quickly picks up the pace, catching up with all of our
favorite characters and introducing the sexy Selina Kyle, a "cat"
burglar looking for a fresh start, but unable to find a way out of her
life of crime. In 1992's "Batman Returns", Tim Burton and Michelle
Pfeiffer created the ultimate portrayal of Catwoman, but for "The Dark
Knight Rises", Anne Hathaway was a suitable replacement, as casting
Pfeiffer would have resulted in a Harold and Maude/Batman mash-up. Bruce Wayne is left crippled, emotionally and physically from the
events in "The Dark Knight". He must regain his strength, and his
passion for justice in order to save Gotham from Bane's ruthless
clutches. With spiffy new gadgets, courtesy of Lucius Fox, Wane dons
the cape and cowl once more, taking to the streets of Gotham to finish
what he started in "Batman Begins". Everything about this movie shined brighter than the bat signal. The
acting, writing, music, locations, and special effects were beyond
outstanding, setting what will hopefully be a new standard for the film
industry. The conclusion of the film left some question amongst the fans, what
really happened. To me, it was clear based on what Lucius Fox said. How
is this possible? It doesn't matter for two reasons: 1.) it's a movie
2.) he's Batman, he can do whatever he wants. I found the conclusion to
be the perfect ending to the trilogy. Batman has returned order to
Batman, restored power to Jim Gordon and the Gotham police department,
and all of the "good guys" are exactly where they want to be. "Batman Returns" is, and always will be my favorite Batman film. "The
Dark Knight Rises", however, is without a doubt, the best Batman film.
Batman is about the quest for justice, the battle of good versus evil,
and passion. When a person is passionate, they will succeed. When
darkness rules, the light will prevail. The citizens of Gotham believed
in Harvey Dent. I believe in the Batman.
			
This movie is the epitome of summer blockbuster. That's all I have to
say about it. The rest of this review will serve as a direct rebuttal
to the negative critic reviews. I understand that reviews are a matter
of personal opinion, but honestly, it feels like some critics weren't
even watching the same movie. Many said it was overly complex, too many
characters were introduced without necessity, that the plot was too
convoluted. To that I say, "What, are you infants?" The movie was like
a puzzle. Christopher Nolan doesn't give you all the pieces at the
beginning, but rather introduces new edge pieces or corner pieces with
every action, completing a cohesive whole at the end that feels
extremely satisfying and emotional. The plot was not that complicated.
It was a little confusing at points, but as I said, it's a puzzle. Not
all pieces are clear when they are first introduced, but they are all
fitted together in the end. There are no lose ends. All critics wrote
about "leaps of faith" in logic. OK, so you are reviewing a movie that
poses the question "What if Batman could happen in real life" and you
complain that you have to think about various actions more thoroughly
than "Oh, I did this for this reason and for that reason, and it all
makes sense!" No. There is one part that comes with a leap of faith
required, that maybe the filmmaker could have added an extra line of
dialogue to make it make sense, but you can fill in the gaps with your
own mind to make it satisfying. Critics griped that the movie "tried
and failed" to have an emotional impact, and to that I just have to
say, "What, are you robot infants?" I don't know how you can go through
the movie without feeling all manner of emotions. Watching Bane and
Batman fight was far more emotional than it should have been if anyone
else had made the movie. My wife put it well when we talked about the
movie afterward: "The Dark Knight was profound and moving. This one was
moving." This one lacked the impact of certain moments in The Dark
Knight, but I felt TDKR mined emotion out of places no one would ever
think to look.
			
After viewing this film last night the thing that surprised me the most
was how much it resonated with me after I left the theatre. Christopher
Nolan has done the impossible and created a legend out a superhero
movie. The depths that this film goes into resolving around evil in the
darkest definition of the word and the will of a few to oppose such men
is astounding.Throughout this epic of a film new characters have been introduced,
these characters range from a young policeman to a well trained thief
to a new female interest for Wayne. All of the additions in their own
way add to the film flawlessly without distracting away from the main
plot.Now for the main new addition of Bane. After the introduction of Heath
Ledger as the Joker in The Dark Knight I had little hope that any actor
could pick up the mantle and be the primary villain in the final
chapter of these films but low and behold Tom Hardy does a fantastic
job. The atrocities that he enacts with a cruel and logical sense are a
little more then disturbing.Christian Bale who from Batman Begins in 2005 to the conclusion of this
film has possibly had the best portrayal of Batman. It's more then just
what he does, it's also what he doesn't do that shows the nature of
Batman. Just notice during the beginning of the film where you can tell
that the choices and decisions of the last film look like they are
literally weighing on his shoulders. Also Michael Caine has a tougher
role in this one then in the two previous films and he does it
beautifully. This is possibly the best aspect of this movie. There is absolutely no
easy answers to anything that happens, and nothing is done for effect.
Their is obviously chase scenes and other such common action movie
scenes, but the difference here is that during this film these scenes
don't seem unnecessary and don't drag on and on.Christopher Nolan has created his masterpiece which is The Dark Knight
saga, the screenplay along with his direction has turned a superhero
movie into a classical tragedy with philosophical undertones that can
discuss the human condition and the lengths people are willing to go to
protect what they cherish. There is so much more that I would like to
write but I refuse to give away any spoilers and ruin the movie for
anyone.
			
I went to the cinema to see something completely different, but my
friend saw that The Dark Knight Rises is playing in 10 minutes and we
thought we might ask if there are still tickets available - and we were
lucky. Man, I was sooo happy that we managed to get in and see this
movie. It was simply epic. Nolan is definitely the best director of our
time. He managed to create a wonderful plot, with the exact amount of
visual effects (no more, no less) and, of course, make a wonderful
movie with a wonderful cast (I usually don't expect very much from the
movies when they have too popular actors and actresses in them). I
highly recommend this movie and I promise you - the end will blow your
mind out! Amazing!
			
I waited this movie to come out for 4 years. And my patience to wait
was really worth it. This movie just blew my mind. The special effects,
the actors, the plot, all of it were perfect! Nolan is known by using
as little CGI as possible and that's very rare in modern film industry.Tom Hardy is perfect at his character Bane. He's cold, frightening and
he wears a kick-ass mask. Hardy's talent to express emotions and temper
is just spectacular. The other actors were very good too, but not as
good as Hardy. Especially Anne Hathaway surprised me by performing
really well as Selina Kyle aka Catwoman.The music was really awesome. Hans Zimmer's grandiloquent and brilliant
music brings a whole new dimension to the movie. He deserves and Oscar,
definitely.All in all this movie is nearly perfect. In my opinion, a movie of a
decade. Nolan has outdone himself again.
			
Hello, When you have watched so epic then you can only feel its
effects,emotions! After watching 'The Dark Knight Rises', I was feeling
like it cannot be done, no one can match this quality and this sort of
excellence... but only Cris... As a die-hard fan of Batman series you
can only expect 'EPIC' thats what I will say. As always Cristian, Gary,
Morgan, Michael have given long lasting impression on every fan. And
one thing we can say Tom Hardy what a performance!!! Joker is not laid
down by Bane in movie. Finally Batman has found love in Catwoman...I
love it.... Its worth to watch several times until you empty your
pockets!
			
The Dark Knight Rises continues with the adventures of Batman & is the
third & last movie in Christopher Nolan's Batman movies after Batman
Begins(2005) & The Dark Knight(2008). After Bruce
Wayne/Batman(Christian Bale) takes the blame for Harvey Dent's crimes
he goes into hiding. Bruce Wayne decides to hang up his cape & cowl
since the police are hot on his trail & Gotham City is experiencing
peace time. Enter Bane(Tom Hardy), a terrorist & former member of The
League Of Shadows(the place where Bruce Wayne received training to have
a strong body & soul) before he was ex-communicated by Ra's Al
Ghul(Liam Neeson). Bane is pure evil & has a mastermind plan to destroy
Gotham using a nuclear bomb. Bruce Wayne decides it is time for Batman
to return after Commissioner Gordon(Gary Oldman) begs him to come back.
However, this time he has Selina Kyle/Catwoman(Anne Hathaway), a thief
who is also good at fighting, to help him take on Bane & his
mercenaries. Wayne goes to Lucius Fox(Morgan Freeman) to get some new
gadgets & this time Batman rides the Bat, a flying vehicle that moves
like its namesake. The Bat has a much more advanced weapon arsenal.
Bruce Wayne falls in love with Miranda Tate(Marion Cotillard) & makes
her CEO of Wayne Industries after he is sacked from the post because of
the company's huge losses in the years he went into hiding. When Bane
initiates a devastating attack on Gotham, Gordon seeks the additional
help of John Blake(Joseph Gordon-Levitt). Now, its Batman's job to save
Gotham from Bane's clutches & the bomb.This is the best movie of 2012 hands down! I doubt that any movie which
is releasing in the second half of 2012 will beat this legendary epic
of a film. Obviously, I went to watch this movie with sky high
expectations. I was not at all disappointed! The movie surpassed my
expectations & justified the enormous hype surrounding it. Christopher
Nolan has done an outstanding job once again! He gives his Batman
trilogy a perfect conclusion. The ending of the movie is mind blowing!
A note on the performances. Christian Bale has done an outstanding job
as Bruce Wayne/Batman. This is his best performance throughout the
duration of his career. Michael Caine is brilliant as usual as Bruce's
trusted butler & friend, Alfred. Gary Oldman is spectacular as
Commissioner Gordon. Anne Hathaway is superb as Selina Kyle/Catwoman.
Tom Hardy is mind blowing as Bane. He's the best villain among all
three Batman movies(yes, he's better than Heath Ledger's Joker). Marion
Cotillard is impressive as Miranda Tate. Joseph Gordon-Levitt is
wonderful as John Blake. Last but not the least, Morgan Freeman is
awesome as usual as Lucius Fox. The background score by Hans Zimmer is
engrossing & magical like it should be. The Dark Knight Rises is better
than The Dark Knight in every way. This conclusion to Nolan's epic
Batman trilogy is a must watch. Watch 2 hours 45 minutes of a legendary
epic that is this film.
			
It's been 4 years since The Dark Knight came out, and while only time
will tell if this movie will live up to the ridiculously high standards
set by fans of the franchise, one thing that is indeed for Sure is that
The Dark Knight Rises is seriously awesome. A long time fan of Batman,
I haven't missed a single opening day of Btman, and last night I
decided not to break that tradition. The minute the tickets went on
sale a month ago, I frantically pulled out my Blackberry and opened the
cineplex app, frantically hitting the "reload" button nonstop and
finally got ahold of IMAX midnight premiere tickets, and while the wait
for the midnight show was long and torturous, it was worth every single
hour of the wait.Now I consider myself to be a rare breed, one of the few who prefer
Batman Begins to The Dark Knight. Don't get me wrong, I love The Dark
Knight to pieces, but it's always been about the comic book feel and
how Batman and Bruce Wayne continue their inner battle against himself
for me. I mean, while I love TDK, there's too much Bruce Wayne for me,
and it's more of a Christopher Nolan action thriller than Batman. So I
hoped that TDKR would deliver... in short, it did.Eight years have passed since Batman took the blame for Harvey Dent's
horrible crimes. Bruce Wayne is disgraced, shamed, and living in
reclusion, with exceptionally poor health. Since Harvey Dent died, an
Anti-crime act named after his belief in cleaning up the streets has
been put in place, and a Harvey Dent day has been put in place to honor
his beliefs. However, that can't last; a sexy but mysterious jewel
thief named Selina Kyle, with feline tendencies, has been wreaking
havoc in Gotham and even worse, a terrorist named Bane has arrived in
Gotham, and has an underground army who are planning a tyrannical
nightmare of a plan that will turn Gotham into gangland territory. This
means Bruce Wayne has to come out ofnhiding and return as Gotham's
caped crusader for once and for all!Man, I couldn't have asked for a better finale to the series. This film
pulls the blockbuster out of its comfort zone and gives us something
that feels so intimate, yet so grand scale. The action is big, epic,
and bombastic, yet the drama is intimate, up close and personal. And
another part that made it so great: comic book Batman is back! While
the dark and grim tone is still there, the tongue in cheek, quirky
comic book feel is in the air, specifically during Batman and
Catwoman's scenes. Mind you, Heath Ledger's Joker isn't around, and
Bane is the villain but up to 11 with the brutality and minus the wit
and comic charm, so we're relying on Catwoman for those sparks of
verbal wit, and it does work... Way better than it should, even!And
the villain. Bane. He is one scary mofo. He can snap someone's spine in
half like a lobster without even any effort. The mask he wears is
terrifying and as a result, your heart fills with fear and dread every
time he shows up.Another reason to see this movie is the IMAX cinematography. It's an
ultimate sin to miss this in IMAX. 72 minutes of the movie were shot
with IMAX cameras, and it helps enhance it much more. They're not just
for big set pieces like TDK, they help enhance the narrative of the
film. Without a doubt the most interesting use of the IMAX cameras is
the fight scene in the sewer between Bane and Batman. No music, violent
and brutal, and a few shots where Bane's all, terrifying image fills
the 8 story screen just make for one of the most memorable scenes in
recent memory.Never has Batman been done this much justice, and thank Nolan for
finally getting Batman exactly right. I felt like a kid during several
scenes, like Bat riding his batpod through the tunnel, the Batjet
scenes, well practically the whole film, and overall I was overwhelmed
with that childlike happiness and joy- the batman I always wanted to
see had finally unfolded before my eyes.Do not miss this film... You will regret missing it!
			
You can't really describe the actual feeling of watching this movie ,
after watching it you will just find the perfect words to describe it.
But you know inside that there's no words that can describe the feeling
of watching the 2 Hrs 42 Mins. of adrenaline pump. Camera work ,
direction, Storyline, Soundtracks, Acting everything was flawless about
this movie.You'll go through such adrenaline rush in some moments that
you feel like stand on your seat and shout.Movie Start with
highlighting batman's fall.At Stages Bruce realize that Gotham City
still needs him to fight for.In between all,an Unknown Thief Catwoman
came to still something important to Bruce Wayne - his identity.In the
series of incidents Bane had all plan sort out,his aim was to torn down
the Gotham's Protector.In the middle of all Batman trusts Catwoman that
she will lead him to Bane.But it was all part of the deal bane made
with Catwoman, that to lead batman to his trap.Now Batman was captured
in jail and have was in worse condition.There he finds that bane is the
son of his mentor and one of the greatest enemies Ra's Al Ghul.Before
Bane execute the master plan of Bombing the entire city with nuclear
explosion which Fox created for Wayne Enterprise.Batman must rise
through his fears to protect Gotham City.You'll find last 30 minutes more interesting and last 5 minutes even
more. No ones gonna forget about this historical work piece ever
created. Hail "The Dark Knight" , you'll rise. #EpicnessAtItsBest #TDKR
			
Greatness is a title not easily won. Not for our cinematic heroes and
assuredly not for our filmmakers. To be great, one has to do something
utterly unexpected, fresh, or awing. Four years ago, writer-director
Christopher Nolan concocted arguably the greatest superhero film of all
time, "The Dark Knight." He did this by seeing something in the
superhero genre that no one else in Hollywood did: drama worthy enough
to take itself seriously. To this day when I watch "The Dark Knight," I
see it not as a superhero film, but as a gangster saga as deserving of
recognition as any Martin Scorsese masterpiece. Nolan's follow-up with
"Inception" cemented the prospect: we have found true greatness in a
filmmaker. "The Dark Knight Rises," Christopher Nolan's farewell to the Nolanverse
Batman trilogy, is a deepened genre film that surpasses its structured
microcosm of being a 'superhero movie' and dives into the far greater
challenge of evaluating and observing human nature. The film holds the spot in Nolan's repertoire as being both the
director's darkest film as well as his most muzzled. Despite the
thematic and human nature darkness, Nolan surprisingly feels like he
holds back from showing all he wants to show. I can't think of another
film of his that feels shortchanged because of its PG-13 rating. The
moments where this becomes most apparent is the allowance given to
Bane's character. He is nowhere near as effective of a villain as he
should be specifically because he's limited in his forms of physical
violence. The rating-pushing menace of the Joker isn't to be found
here. This is not the truly bone-splintering, head-crunching savage I
expected from Nolan. What I love most about the film is its massive subjects and themes.
This is a film about people who are broken, in one way or another. In
body. In spirit. In soul. Even Gordon, the best of Gotham, is submerged
in moral relativism. Batman's decision to take the fall for Dent's
crimes was something that we applauded  we agreed with him. But now,
we see that moment wasn't his decision to make. For the man willing to
give up his life for Gotham... when the moment came down to it, he
didn't trust Gotham enough with the truth. Nolan loves having a major
theme in each of his movies, and this one is truth. We see how the
truth  or lack thereof  manipulates the lives of Gotham citizens.Christian Bale has never been better as Bruce Wayne/Batman. What Bale
does with the role is nothing short of spectacular, and we see that
enveloping of a character fans of Bale know he's capable of from
"American Psycho" and "The Machinist." He gives the best performance of
the movie. Alfred delivers two truly heartrending monologues (one of
which rivals my favorite portion of "Good Will Hunting"). Gary Oldman
is, as usual, outstanding as Gordon. Joseph Gordon-Levitt was perfect
as a cop whose level of observation lets him in on several secrets of
the most secretive members of Gotham. I was pleasantly surprised at Anne Hathaway's villainous turn as Selina
Kyle/Catwoman. We can tell by Nolan saw something special in her that
no one else did. She has a seductive darkness that she can radiate at
both subtle and harsh levels. Her motivations might be rather
pedestrian, but her Catwoman is still my favorite among the character's
incarnations. Tom Hardy emerges from the shadows as Bane. His costume and mask design
is alarming, and his sense of presence is imposing. Unfortunately, this
Bane has two problems. The first is his monologist nature. I didn't
mind his voice, but he talked more than Jeff Bridges in "Iron Man."
There's a scene in the film that could have easily been the best Batman
scene of all time  and it gets close  if not for Bane continuously
monologuing. The second is his methods of killing, which are
unimaginative and never savage enough for the character. Nolan's Bane
is limited to snapping necks more than anything else. This is
disappointing considering this is a villain who has a mesmerizing cold
brutality that would rival Anton Chigurh from "No Country for Old Men."
As is, I love what Hardy did and how hypnotic/intimidating he could be
just by the intensity of his eyes (which were never showcased enough).Ultimately, although it may not be as quotable or ingenious as its
predecessor, it is far more emotional resonant. This film's emotional
ending controls how you feel about the series as a whole and couldn't
have ended better. I love this ending, because it surprised and
satisfied me. The climax turns what was before an excellent addition to
Nolan's body of work into an iconic, unnerving, and unforgettable
experience. So does Nolan surpass himself? Is this a better Batman movie? In a way.
That's the problem with a complete comparison: they are totally
different creatures, almost different genres. An example would be to
compare "The Empire Strikes Back" to "Return of the Jedi"  "Empire"
may be the better movie, but "Jedi" is the payoff that makes the whole
thing work. With any flaws "The Dark Knight Rises" may have, it's still
the perfect payoff and send-off for what is my favorite superhero
series of all time. When all is said and done, this is the end of an era. There has never
been anything quite like this series, and I doubt there ever will be
again. Nolan turned a flight of fancy into something more. He made us
look at this crime-fighting man dressed a bat not only as a character
existing in realism, but also as a vessel containing a high-class type
of drama, emotion, and weight we usually withhold only for more adult
fare. This is, without a doubt, the stuff that legends are made of.
This is the stuff that legends are made of.
			
It's the best Bat-Man film yet without a doubt.No one will dare to tell
me this movie wasn't good. My thoughts were:awesome,worth it,genius,10
stars,Nolan got supreme,this movie is worth the cash,a movie for
everyone,an instant classic,the ever better Bat-Man
movie,Wild,Wow,Extrordinary,best summer movie,forget the "Avengers".This movie has everythingGo See itI Won't spoil anything so I'm keeping quiet.Watch the movie nowNOW
			
From the opening scene to the end you are in Christopher Nolans hands.
Man does this guy know how to direct a movie. Truly people do need to
study his style in film school. Lets start with Bale, what a performance. Hes the beats every other
Batman performance by miles. Wasn't quite on my radar until DK series
appeared and I have a lot more respect for him. How about Ann? AMAZING.
She played her part perfectly and showed she could take on such a
challenging role. I really didn't think she would pull it off but she
exceeded my expectations big time. I plan on taking her more seriously.J.L.G did great and proved he can take on big roles. He is no stranger
to Nolan and they work great together. How does Nolan know how to pick
out such great actors for his films? He literally is a genius and puts
to shame all these "Hollywood" movies. He has heart and passion and he
shows you that through his films. Overall, this isn't just a movie, its a spectacle. Truly indulge
yourself into this movie and it will overtake you on the ride of you
life. Action, Plot, Character. It has them all and so just enjoy this
and you will in no way be disappointed.
			
Her's my well putted opinion. For 2 years I hated The Dark Knight for
many reasons. (Staged movie) like I could feel every scene combined one
after the other together. Batman being weak, and becoming even more
weak and wanting to quit so early. All that light around the city. No
Darkly picture,etc. OK. TDKR is AWESOME!!!! At last some originality in music, and not that
lame Joker's theme. PLus++ Very good casting , nice alternative Batman
Story. Kept you anxious almost the whole time. It was well made. It
surprises you for one good reason. What is Mr. Nolan up to?? So I was hearing stuff during the movie and took them for granted
(though having my doubts). So I got surprised. And you won't be
surprised just once!!! Hehehe!! I will say no more!!
			
It all started in 2005. The Tim Burton Batman films had passed, and two
lackluster Joel Schumacher films followed. So, in 2005, the franchise
was handed off to Christopher Nolan. At the time, Nolan's biggest
success was Memento, but even that film had been seen as an underrated
hit. But Nolan managed to make Batman Begins, an origin story of
Batman, a huge success. It looked back to the darker tones of Burton's
movies, but made him a little more realistic.Three years later, a sequel arrived, surrounded by hype. And
fortunately, The Dark Knight met its hype. Now showing Gotham City in a
time of chaos, the film introduced one of the greatest acting
performances of the decade, maybe even all time: Heath Ledger as the
Joker.With that in mind, The Dark Knight Rises, the third and final movie in
Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy, has arrived. As hard as it is to say this,
The Dark Knight Rises meets expectations set by The Dark Knight, and
blows most of them out of the water.It's been 8 years since The Dark Knight. Bruce Wayne and Batman
(Christian Bale) have vanished, and the Harvey Dent Act has dropped
crime rates in Gotham excessively. Obviously, in a comic book universe
like this, peace can't stay forever. A new villain named Bane (Tom
Hardy) has arrived, and he is planning to reform Gotham in his image.As if this weren't enough, a cat burglar in the form of Selina Kyle
(Anne Hathaway) appears and tests Bruce's identity. With these two in
his head, Bruce Wayne dons the Batsuit for a last time to save Gotham
City from a villain that surpasses him physically, and maybe even
mentally.The film is wonderfully acted, even in supporting roles. With an
unforgettable cast, including Christian Bale, Tom Hardy, Anne Hathaway,
Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and Marion
Cotillard, everyone puts out their best in the film.Christian Bale puts out his best performance as Bruce Wayne yet. Bale
manages to show a side of him filled with fear, yet keeping the
charisma from the past two films. Tom Hardy is an impressive Bane,
acting with his eyes when he can't use his mouth. Gaining 30 pounds of
muscle for his role, he proves that you can be unstoppable without
being a cheesy CGI creation. Any skepticism of Anne Hathaway being too
giddy for Catwoman needs to be put away. Now. She's smart, sexy, agile;
everything you could want from a Selina Kyle.The rest of the cast were phenomenal, but Joseph Gordon-Levitt as
beat-cop John Blake was one of the better supporting characters. He
puts plenty of emotion into his role, especially in one of the final
moments, and that final scene is one of the best scenes in the movie.Nolan really manages to make visuals look fantastic, while using
minimal CGI. If you can make men bungee jump out of an airplane, hook a
smaller airplane up to the plane they jumped from, tilt it 90 degrees,
and extract a hostage while using minimal CGI, you're doing it right.
The stunts are fantastically filmed, with the plane heist, the Heinz
field explosion, and the first fight with Bane as some of the best.Hans Zimmer returns to compose the original score for the film, and
even though James Newton-Howard doesn't return for this film, he does a
fantastic job. Bane's theme is terrifying, and the final track is
saddening, exciting, and nostalgic at the same time.Christopher Nolan's goal for this movie was to take this big
blockbuster trilogy, and end it with a bang. Thankfully, he has
accomplished his goal. This film even manages to be better than the
previous films, something that rarely happens due to the "three-some"
disease. Nolan has created the best movie of the year, the greatest
comic book movie, and one of the greatest movies of all time.Note: Please remember those who died, were injured, and lost someone
close to them in the shooting in Aurora, Colorado. It's sad to see how
you can't even see movies anymore without having something terrible
like this happening.
			
the dark knight rises was absolutely amazing i loved every minute of
it. there wasn't a moment in the film where it wasted time, where
something happened that had no relevance and that is what is so good
about the trilogy. in many reviews they said they found it difficult to
understand bane, i disagree completely i understood every word and
thought his voice was amazing. the action in the movie was outstanding
especially the final brawl between bane and batman whilst hundreds of
cops and prisoners fight around them. there were so many great scenes,
the best 5 i think is when the batman returns after 8 years, the first
fight between bane and batman, where Bruce escapes the prison, the
fight between bane, batman and loads of cops and prisoners and finally
the ending. i think Nolan finished the series brilliantly, but the only
downside is that no one will be able to make a batman film as good as
these :( awesome film!!!!!
			
Where and how to begin reviewing this title? After seeing the movie for
the second time I will try to give a humble review of this masterpiece.
Yes, this movie is nothing less than a masterpiece. There is a big
difference between "The Dark Knight" and "The Dark Knight Rises." First
of all, it much more slow paced. Everything that happens is just one
more piece of the puzzle that reveals itself in the end. Many things
are not understood while watching for the first time, but in the end,
every bit of action, every scene and every character has its own
extremely important place in the big picture. The grand finale that
lasts for about 35 min is so powerful and emotional that one just
cannot sit tight but is compelled to cheer and yell for the good guys.
About the good guys: surprisingly Batman (Bruce Wayne in a suit)
doesn't have a lot of screen time. As a matter of fact he first appears
as Batman about 40 min after the film started. This clearly gave me an
idea of what this movie deals with - people! Their relations, their
fears, their wishes, and their love. Bane on the other hand is a
frightful character. From the very beginning to the end you actually
fear him. Jocker was an eccentric, he was insane, but actually you
kinda liked him for it. Bane is calm, he is more powerful and
aggressive, he shows his ruthlessness only in a few situations, but it
is enough to understand the lunacy of this man. That is what makes him
more dangerous. Selena is an interesting character, different than I
expected her to be, but still very amusing. Her leather suit (!) was a
little distracting (she looks better than ever - some people were
actually yelling "marry me" in the cinema) but one scene with her and
Bane in it, Bane wins. He is just mind blowing! Her role is more
important than it meets the eye, one must watch closely the entire
movie to understand why she is so important, and if understood
correctly her character gets a whole new dimension. Two more characters
are new: Miranda Tate, and Blake. A staggering performance by J.G.
Levitt and Cotillard. I will not say another word regarding these
characters and just force you to watch the movie because both are
interesting and powerful, multi-layered and important. Since I consider
myself a Nolanist I might be a little bias, but Nolan really outdid
himself. Goyer and Nolan (Cristoper's brother) as screenplay writers
did an amazing job (with a lot of shock and unbelievable turnouts), but
one thing that really stands out on this technical side is the music.
Hans Zimmer, this time alone, outdid himself. Every character's theme
pictures them so well that one doesn't even have to see the character
to understand him. Just listening to the music gives one a laser sharp
image of what the character is like. All in all - pure perfection. The
trilogy itself, but especially this movie, should be in an obligatory
assignment in schools. It should be studied, PhD's should and could be
written on it, but overall this movie must be regarded as one of the
best ever made. I would even go so far as saying that The Dark Knight
Rises is probably, at the time, the best movie EVER made. It gives
hope, it shows us that we are human, it questions our believes, it
tells us that fear is not only normal, but necessary. It teaches us
right and wrong, and how to overcome the most tragic and difficult
situations we find ourselves in, and it does that in only two and a
half hours. So bow to this legend and chant with me: DESHI, DESHI
BASARA, BASARA!!!
			
Today , i went to the theater and i had a fight with my friends because
i didn't wanna see this movie. At the end , they insisted. What can i
say ? I didn't want the movie to end !! it's already 2 and half hours
but i wanted more ! i haven't got bored in a second ! Great Acting ,
Great Plot and Great Soundtrack. Really , Christopher Nolan did a great
job there !In every action scene , i was sitting on the edge of my seat and my
breath was taken away ! There's something about this movie that's making me wanna watch it over
and over ! If You're Free grab some popcorn and watch this movie. don't
miss it.
			
How to begin describing this emotional roller coaster?!! The Dark
Knight Rises being the epic conclusion of the trilogy will not give the
movie its right owned description as the highlight mark of this
generation.Christopher Nolan literally had his way fully loaded leading and
directing this film, with every scene ending and a new one beginning
you can feel Nolan stamp of approval. I was finding it hard to breath
as the movie continued, my eyes where opening more and more, trying to
observe every single scene and character movement and decision.Batman was stripped in this film to the human he was, the fragile
breakable human being who is trying to stand up to what he believes, it
is a symbol and ray of hope which they where trying to establish from
the beginning of this Batman trilogy. a symbol that brought hope to
those who believed in and to the fans who were watching.since Batman Begins Nolan made sure to establish a character and a hero
that could exist in this world, and in this final chapter; a world was
established in perfect references that anyone of you could relate to, a
world that you would feel for, that you will do your best to protect
and turn into your own version of Batman.Now in this new world, new character were brought in like Bane, Selina
(Catwoman), Blake and Miranda, brought in new stories and new
investments, the old characters we all grow to love even grown more
now; emotion and depth was added to each one of them especially Alfred
who brought tears to my eyes in every single sentence he spoke.the movie toke it time telling the story, and while I had some issues
with the editing in some of the scenes it did not fail to build the
most powerful ending I have ever witnessed since I started obsessing
about movies.the movie had it flues yes; but with a scale this big; Christopher
Nolan did the fans good, he gave them something worthy of their love to
the character of Batman, it is a movie that will stand on for
generations.with shaking hands I am typing this and with tearful eyes I wish to
shake Nolan's hands and thank him, Christian Bale, Gary Oldman, Tom
Hardy, Joseph Gorden-Levitt, Anne Hathaway, Marion Cotillard, Michael
Cane, Hans Zimmer and every single person who was involve in
magnificent tale of a MAN stood to what is right.Batman, our world needs someone like you
			
I was looking forward to seeing this all Summer. It was one of the
Greatest films I've ever seen. My advice, I you have money to spent on
the cinema, go see this!!!!!!!As a lot of you know, I'ts about Bane taking over Gotham after the
events of The Dark Knight. I've seen it twice and I is truly a piece of
art.It's a wonderful piece of film Christophen Nolan has maid. I guarantee
that Man of Steel will be a great film. You will really enjoy it as
much as I did.My final words: Watch this movie.
			
This is, the first time that a "hero" sees the end of his journey...
The first time we have seen a character start from the very beginning
and get to conclusion. This is perhaps the most emotional movie of the
trilogy, but is also full of action, and a complex plot. But still it
is hard to compare it with the other to movies of the trilogy...
Watching the story come to an end, it can be said that each movie touch
a different stone each time, each one standing for something different.
Christopher Nolan has again give a superb production. Christian Bale
has given us the best batman yet, a complex hero, a broken man, that at
the end resurrects as new, that leaves an obsession behind. Anne
Hathaway brought cat woman or Selina Kyle to life in a new and very
interesting way. Tom Hardy and Marion Cotillard complete each other as
the physical menace, and reason for destruction... I don't know if I
could say the best of the trilogy, but as a whole, it's one of the best
trilogies we have seen.
			
Hi I am from TURKEY. I watched this movie yesterday evening. I can not
describe my feelings even I can not find the words in the dictionary
how to describe this movie, outstanding? marvellous, amazing ? Can it
be these words. Ohhh it was unbelievable!!! Terrific!! and the
soundtrack!!! Mr. Hans Zimmer thank you very much for composing this
unbelievable soundtracks !! Soundtrack is 10/10 !! The movie is 10/10
!!! It is worth to wait 4 years since 2008!!! and finally; Mr.
Christopher Nolan!! PLEASE DO NOT END BATMAN(THE DARK KNIGHT) SERIES!!
Appreciated for all cast and crew and of course Mr. Nolan. 10/10 What
can I say more??
			
I absolutely loved this movie. I am always cautious when seeing an
almost 3 hour film but this movie kept me entertained from start to
finish. Bane's voice was sometimes hard to understand but that made him
creepier. Anne Hathaway surpassed my expectations as Selina Kyle aka
Catwoman. The twist at the end was amazing even though I almost
suspected it. The new characters made the film spectacular, especially
Selina Kyle and John Blake. The only thing I wish I saw was a better
ending for Selina. We only see her in a caf at the end without her
saying anything or making a nod or whatever. But, I think this was more
suited for the film's finale. This is also a very emotional film when
Bane and Batman finished their first fighting encounter. However, there
are plot holes like how did Selina find Bane's hide-out in the first
place? Who was the blonde girl that was with Selina? What happened to
the Joker? Why did they reveal the fact John Blake's name is Robin when
this is in fact the ending of the franchise, you can't just leave us
with a Robin character. But, I didn't care as much since the movie
overall was amazing. 10/10
			
Best movie I've ever seen period, amazing, so good, I can't get over
it, Bane, Catwoman, Batman, all of them are awesome, the whole movie
was so believable and amazing I can't get over it, the acting, special
effects, action scenes, everything was perfection! I can't believe
people don't like this, IT IS AWESOME! You need to see it, as soon as
possible, please god, see it, review it, give it 10 stars, make it the
highest rated on IMDb like it deserves, amazing! So perfect, check it
out as soon as possible, I love it, you'll love it, highly recommend
it, perfect! WATCH IT! You'll love it I swear! I promise you, it's
perfect
			
i love Christopher Nolan, he has done such a great job. All the
characters had given a wonderful live feeling to this movie, every bit
of it is thrilling. MAke sure ur blood pressure is down before u go
there, BE calm and watch it.My expectation wasn't that much but when i
saw it, god damn man it was mind blowing. I recommend every one to
experience this movie in IMAX. Coz u cant get any better without seeing
it in IMAX. Im not gonna spoil anything but ill promise u, if u see it
once, then damn sure ull see it many times. And all the fans who died
tried to see this movie in Colorado, my condolences and may they rest
in peace, well all pray for the families. let this not happen again.I
beg warner brothers to continue the series with CHristopher NOlan and
all the cast he likes. VIVA DARK KNIGHT RISES, i love the bane
chants:DESHE DESHE PASHA PASHA DESHE DESHE PASHA PASHA.WHEN DArk knight
rises is grossing first all the other movie have my permission to
retire
			
Christopher Nolan and Christian Bale do a magnificent job bringing this
movie and the story of the dark knight to life. It is truly an
impressive film not just for the super hero genre, but for any film.
It's action drama and a deeply moving storyline. It's dark when it
needs to be, but not over the top. It is one of the few movies I paid
the ridiculous theater prices to see, and I will go again. A thousand
times better than the avengers which was also a good film.I have never taken the time to review a movie on IMDb, but i trust the
ratings as a guideline for the most part because they are spot on. I am
definitely not a critic, just a movie buff. I wanted to review this
movie just to give it the ten out of ten that it deserves, and I
believe that a BATMAN movie should definitely be nominated for best
picture in the Oscars because this one is THAT good!!!!
			
I absolutely,totally loved this film.It was so good it has made me use
profanity.As I tentatively entered the cinema I felt like someone who
had a previously bad dating experience(Prometheus)and was anxious about
getting burned again.How I need not have worried -Dark Knight was
everything it should have been :plot,visuals,casting,originality
,brilliant.All boxes were ticked and if DKR was a date it would be a
dream date that brought you a dozen red roses,red wine ,candlelight and
then took you home in superhyped all out zoomtastic ride-go see this
film,you don't need me to describe it you need to experience Dark
Knight Rises,Summer,2012 .
			
With the success of The Dark Knight [2008], I doubt if Christopher
Nolan would be able to put all his charm in the finale of the trilogy.
I'm happy that I was wrong. The Dark Knight Rises is the absolute
perfection! Made all of its predecessors, in shadows. I love every
single bit of it.With many rumours on the net says, Batman's gonna die, etc, etc, etc,
the plot makes you tingle and anticipate what will come next. The film
never becomes dull, albeit it runs for almost 3 hours. Actions and
sequences are well created and very penetrating. The gadgets are so cool. Me and my buddy really eyed that Batpod,
especially when it's cruising sideways. Just awesome! A note to those
who never watched Batman before, well, you guys might be wondering who
Harvey Dent, Ra's al Ghul, Crane, and so on. So, it's advisable to
watch Batman Begins and The Dark Knight prior to this.In this film we have Bane, the masked kick-ass villain. Though
personally, Joker (Heath Ledger) is still my favourite baddie. Tom
Hardy successfully portrayed a near-to-comic Bane: strong, cunning,
gruesome, and a skilled-fighter. His accent, fyi, is a Romani gypsy.Christian Bale continues to be the greatest Batman. Though I miss
Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman, Anne Hathaway has own aura in making
this film's Catwoman to be such a rrrrreeoooww! Joseph Gordon Levitt
as John Blake should be praised too. He's proved again to be a very
versatile actor. Not to mention old timers like Michael Caine (Alfred)
and Morgan Freeman (Fox).The plot??? Well, I leave that to you to enjoy it. Verdict:
Satisfaction, guaranteed! ;-D
			
I know it's a bit of a pretentious title but it sums up for me what I
felt about the film.For those who thought it was unrealistic or had plot holes, I say watch
the opening plane hijacking scene and tell me what's realistic about
that. In case you hadn't noticed it's a superhero movie. What did you
expect? For those who thought Bane should have been three inches taller
and not have changed his nationality, I say it's a film not a faithful
rendition of the original.I picked verisimilitude as my watchword here because, whatever its
faults, TDKR seemed true to me. I managed to avoid reading anything
much about the film before seeing it but as soon as the character Blake
appeared I understood who he was going to turn out to be. Everything
the characters did in this film seemed to be absolutely in tune with my
conception of the Batman. I believed every one of them and they never
did anything out of character as far as I conceived of their
personalities and behaviour. It's absurd because I'm just talking about
fictional movie characters based on fictional comic book characters,
doing things that are physically impossible and yet they seem true.And yes there are things that were annoying such as the Darth Vader
resemblance caused by Bane's mask and the strange compression or
expansion of time that so many have mentioned. But these problems are
far outweighed by the look, the sound, the pace and above all the
emotional involvement that this film supplies.The best assessment I've seen from a critic is that broadcast by Mark
Kermode on Radio 5 Live. He describes what he really, really wanted to
see from Tim Burton's original Batman movie and how the film fell
short. This was the Batman film he always wanted to see and it was the
one I always wanted to see too.
			
At one point the film, Jim Gordon tells Batman that a hero does not
need to do fancy stuff, you just put a coat on shoulders of a boy and
say that everything will be fine. This phrase along with the scene
where the police of Gotham face the terrorists show that this Batman is
not any film that emphasizes the exaggerated of his alter-ego. This
shows that all that have gestures of good faith and fight for his
ideals, even if they are impossible, they are great heroes. Although
not as well structured as the previous film, The Dark Knight Rises from
the premise that Batman is not omnipotent, has his faults, his vices,
and needs Always outside help. And yet, do not deprive yourself to save
your city, because for him to die does not mean anything, seeing their
living city being destroyed and see all his work would be undone and
their greatest fears. Bane is very reminiscent of the terrorists that
plague humanity. People who promise to govern for the people, but they
play a against others, that promise impartial justice, but by killing
pleasure. Not only Batman, but the police of Gotham and all its people
are symbols of resistance to these misleading ideologies. He and all
population of this city are the heroes we need today. Are the
representation of ourselves, fighting, even if quietly, against the
dark forces that insist on manipulating the fate of buttons humanity
with atomic bombs and guided missiles.
			
Let's get something everybody is asking out of the way up front -- Was
it as good as The Dark Knight? Not quite -- Almost - But, damn close.
So close that you should keep reading. You should watch this fantastic
movie with just as much anticipation and pleasure as the last... It's
that good.I am the reviewer that does not give away the whole story, but gives
you 'The Bottom Line' at the end, and that will be later.I was wondering for months, like many others, in anticipation, if
director Christopher Nolan could pull this off again. First doing a
very decent dark-side reboot of Batman. Then getting wide recognition
with The Dark Knight, then even more with the GREAT non-comic book
film, Inception -- Can he pull off four in a row? Really? Yes he can.
Without doubt. He has become my favorite director. Wooow... That man
has talent. He has become a name I will pay big dollars just to watch
anything he created.Rises is superb. Really. It's well acted, well written, and sooo
intensely directed -- Thanks to the new Crowned Best Director - In my
own awards show -- And who should be able to direct anything he wants
to with a blank check from now on. I am usually good at picking out
what is going to happen later in a movie, and there were several times
I found myself saying, "Well, I was not expecting that!" More than once
in a film is rare for me.Don't misunderstand me, there are flaws. It's a little long... Others
say - Especially with comic book die-hards that believe Wayne should
have never been on a retirement to start with... But the few flaws
there are might be my own eagerness for the film to move faster in some
parts, even though it probably shouldn't. I found a few points a bit
slow. But not for long. It was my own eagerness to 'get going again.'
And it did. When it moves... It's fast and you better be ready. A few
times, I actually said, "Wooow.... How are they going to get Gotham out
of that? That was new for me.I am a super-hero movie fan that does not love every super-hero movie.
I am now willing to say that this series is my favorite. There is no
way to do these films better. Even if they do another...Other reviews give away story points and plots; I'm just here to say
that the very few flaws there are can be forgotten soon by the
fantastic cast, crew and director because it is just extremely well
done by every measure of any film. Nolan's noir is unique and should be
regarded (by me) as the best of its' time.Bottom Line: Rush to the biggest, baddest, loudest theater you can find
to watch it with anybody you know. You will love it and so will
everyone else... young ones too (above 11). It's Dark, It's dreary, and
somewhat scary. OOH..And Ooooh soooo GOOOOD. I do recommend re-watching
the others in the franchise first, as they all play rolls for you to
remember in the third, but it's not really required. Most movie fans
will enjoy it, all comic book fans will love it, For the first time in
years, I think I'm going to pay to see a movie twice in a movie
theater. I took a 12-year old to it and he said it was the best movie
ever. Happy movie going.
			
After watching the dark knight a few years back I didn't think anything
would ever come close to how perfect that movie was. Until now. I
walked out of the dark knight rises amazed about how great the movie
industry has gotten. I have never seen a better masterpiece than this.
Tom Hardy played a perfect Bane in the movie. After heath ledgers joker
role which was I personally think one of the best acting jobs ever done
Hardy had a huge reputation to live up to, and he nailed it plain and
simple. Was it as good as ledgers joker role? Me personally I would say
no but it was damn close. By the way, catwoman blew me away with how
great she was portrayed and acted. Everything in this movie was
perfect. When I left I was more than satisfied with the ending yet they
still made it out so that you crave more. SPOILER ALERT: I will be very
disappointed if they do not make another batman or robin movie after
the ending this movie had finding out that Blake was robin.
			
My advice is to see it in IMAX, which is excited about the nearly three
hours of tape. I do not see big mistakes, in my opinion has the same
quality as the dark knight. A challenge to write the argument of future
Batman movies. Congratulations to Nolan for the extraordinary
leadership, not everyone keeps the level in three films. Extraordinary
soundtrack of Hans Zimmer. The performances are very good. I think this
superhero fans should be excited by the argument. Perhaps the film
should have been designed for two episodes, as the time between each
event is very fast, which allows the moviegoer has to do again to
confirm parts of the film.
			
Nolan in my opinion is the only one who ever read Batman books before
making an actual movie, and that is what makes TDK trilogy so great in
my opinion! In books Batman never killed anyone, never crossed the
line, he always had someone to be there for him, and someone to support
him. Nolan respected the Batman who even if he was THE JOKER fall out
of a building going to die, he was going to save him, because he thinks
everyone deserves to live, no matter what they are, who they are. Maybe
he didn't follow the exact storyline for the villains (Ras'al'Ghul, The
Joker) he kept the main point. Batman strikes terror into the thugs,
because he keeps trying no matter what, he doesn't care about being
researched for murder, because firstly he din't do it, and then he
never became the Batman to shine in front of everyone. Alhough I
haven't even seen the last part (TDKR) I will tell you, the origins of
Bane (from the books) his father was a villain so since a child Bane
was also kept in jail and his only friend was a Teddy bear his dad gave
him (not the bane you except huh?) at the age of 14 I think he
committed his first murder upon being assaulted, thanks to the knife
his father had put inside the teddy, growing up he trained and trained,
and got into the venom as well. Then he went to Gotham only to discover
some things about his past and he is the only guy that broke the BAT
(Batman knight-fall). Even though he had personal reasons and the Bat
let him leave the city with financial support to go find his father in
some mountains...
			
WITH one of the most anticipated films of year finally upon us, one
question is asked: does it live up to the high expectations of fans and
the public? And the answer is simply, hell yes. Director and writer
Christopher Nolan delivers a powerful conclusion to his Batman trilogy
in The Dark Knight Rises. The story takes place eight years after the
events of The Dark Knight. In that time Batman hasn't been seen and
Bruce Wayne himself (Christian Bale) has turned into something of a
hermit, seen only behind closed doors in Wayne Manor. Batman is forced
out of retirement to don the cape and cowl, however, when a new terror
 in the person of mercenary Bane (Tom Hardy)  threatens the security
of Gotham City. Wayne also decides to make himself seen in public when
his attention is caught by sexy cat burglar Selina Kyle (Anne
Hathaway). Nothing seems to be going right for Wayne: his company is
almost bankrupt, he has become a cripple and his relationship with
Alfred (Michael Caine) is pushed to its limits. Like the first film
from Nolan Batman Begins, Wayne and Batman have to overcome a certain
hurdle in their journey, and this case, pain. Bane, with his army of
ruthless thugs, overwhelms all of Gotham's police offices, and it's now
up to Batman, Commissioner Gordon and officer John Blake to restore the
peace. The fringe characters are also given a lot of scene time, most
notably a young, hot-headed officer John Blake (Joseph Gordon-Levitt)
and Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman). A new love interest for Wayne is
introduced in the shapely form of Miranda Tate (Marion Cotillard), but
the romantic partition of film falls to the bottom of the pile. The
film could be considered a standalone in Nolan's series, but there are
a lot of connections and references to the previous two films. I loved
the fact that Harvey Dent's "legacy" is a theme that runs throughout
the whole film. It would be advisable to watch the previous two films
if you want to get maximum enjoyment out of the final of the trilogy.
Nolan sticks to the gritty and dark undertones of the previous films,
and with the score, these elements give the film an intense and
captivating atmosphere. Although it is classified an "action" movie,
Nolan's brilliant understanding of the source material  influenced by
largely by Frank Miller's graphic novels  makes the action in the film
secondary to the drama. Don't get me wrong, the action sequences are
brilliant: there is enough fighting, exchanges of gunfire and
explosions to keep action junkies more than satisfied. At just under
three hours, Nolan managed to captivate my attention from the opening
scene to the end credit. Bale is at his best, both as Batman and Wayne,
giving his finest performance in the series. Hardy as Bane is
absolutely terrifying, Hathaway at times manages to steal centre stage
with her quick-witted lines and her skin-tight leather cat suit, and
Caine adds both to the humorous and the emotional narrative. This is by
far the best comic book adaptation series, and arguably the best film
in its genre.
			
I have always had problems with taking my girlfriend to see superheroes
movies. Yes, she likes Robert Downey Jr. so I managed to make her see
Iron Man and Avengers... but still it was a huge challenge to go to a
cinema with her and see TDKR. But after all that I must say it was
worth every second spent on convincing her, every minute in the cinema
and every penny paid for the tickets. Twice during the movie did she
look at me and said "It's awesome". And while going back home she
couldn't stop being excited about what she had just seen and praising
the director, the script, the plot and the atmosphere created by Nolan.
I am so happy to finally have the same opinion as she does when coming
out of the theater. A good movie is not the one that has the biggest
number of great opinions sent by zealot fans. A good movie is the one
that is acknowledged by the viewers that didn't even want to go to a
cinema. You may not like action/superhero movies, but you must take
your hat off to what Mr. Nolan did. This is how you make a movie!
			
Easily the best movie i have ever seen in my life...perfect conclusion
to an epic trilogy.Many have been comparing this wonderful movie to its
predecessor "The Dark Knight"...but i find it unjustifiable to compare
it with the dark knight purely for the reason that it is the conclusion
to the trilogy and because there is no JOKER(played by the legendary
heath ledger ) in this film. That does not in any way take away the
scintillating performance given by Tom Hardy ..he has done justice to
his role without any doubt...and you cant expect anything more from the
character of BANE...Christopher Nolan could not have come up with a
better script for the finale of the batman franchise...each and every
scene remains etched in the viewers mind and the story is well panned
out...It has the necessary twist and turns and most importantly it does
justice to the age of Bruce Wayne(Batman) buy showing him older and
weaker considering the story happens 8 years after The Dark
Knight.....Anne Hathaway as Catwoman can just be described in one
word..WOW!!!...she has surpassed expectations with ultimate ease and
has taken a giant step forward in her career...frankly I did not expect
her to carry off such a big role with consummate ease...her expressions
and dialogue delivery is simply impeccable....Micheal Caine has once
again showed that he has virtually lived the role of Alfred...Marion
Cotillard as Miranda Tate is another surprise package...her insistence
in meeting bruce wayne and her interest in the nuclear project of wayne
enterprises and its reason is revealed in an totally engrossing and
riveting climax...Gary Oldman and Joseph Gordon levitt have bonded vey
well in saving the Gotham city along with the Batman.Morgan Freeman is
his usual cheerful self when confronting with bruce wayne for the first
time after 8 years and in the second half he turns out to be the most
helpful and needed source for Batman..Finally , Christian BALE as THE BATMAN/BRUCE WAYNE...phew!!! really
awestruck by this man and his acting...Such a versatile actor he has
been over the years and he has proved it again by playing the role of a
bruised and battered Batman with elan..I deliberately had to mention
him in a separate paragraph just because i thought he deserved it for
carrying the role of Batman for 3 films without any fuss and in this
film he had to deal with an adversary who was stronger than him .No
wonder he was left to contort in pain initially by Bane but he does
comeback in a more determined at the same time in an efficient way and
continues to be the unrecognized protector of the Gotham City by
becoming the killer that the city had already believed him to be...I would like to conclude saying that it is a must watch for believer of
Nolan's movies because it has lots of his magic still ...and last but
not not least i would like to finish saying that yes THE DARK KNIGHT
RISES was certainly worth the wait and it has exceeded its
expectations.
			
I am a huge fan of Christopher Nolan's work. His first movie I had
viewed was Batman Begins. When I saw it I was younger and thought it
was a good Batman movie but nothing else. Then The Dark Knight came
out. I wasn't too excited and did not see this movie in theatres. My
friends kept telling me on how good of a movie it was. So when it came
out on DVD I watched it with my family and fell in love with the movie.
Everything about it was amazing (especially Heath Ledger's
performance). I named it my favourite movie. Then Inception came out
and knowing the expectations of Nolan's work I viewed it in theatres.
Once again he blew me away with everything in this film. So when I
heard news for The Dark Knight Rises to be set in motion and the fact
that this was Nolan's last Batman film I became determined to see it in
theatres and tonight I did. My words cannot be expressed on a computer
how I feel about this film. The only way I can show my full affection
is inside. Yes, I do realize how corny and cheesy it may come off as
but it is indeed my true opinion. I cannot write a full review on this
film expressing my gratitude for Nolan's work but what I can tell you
is this. This movie is nothing short of a MASTERPIECE. Thank you Mr.
Nolan for showing me (in my mind) the greatest movie of all time.
			
The Dark Knight Rises is truly an amazing film. When I went to go see
the trilogy, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, and of course The Dark
Knight Rises, I was completely blown away. In all of the movies I have
seen, this was by far the best. There is not a second were you aren't
watching, and every time something intense happens, you're on the edge
of your seat, waiting to see what happens next. The villains in this
film are so well played and everything together is just simply
incredible. I could see this movie over and over again. I would never
get tired of watching any of the Batman movies. I can not express
enough how much you should see this amazing film. This movie is the
best movie of all time.
			
Let's get one thing straight...Don't compare this film with the
previous ones...every one of 'em is different and spectacular in one
way or another...on the whole a perfect finish to a perfect
trilogy....awesome performances by all the lead actors all the way
through !!!! though the background music is way similar to the previous
films it still strikes a chord in our heart...in that way Hans zimmer
rocked !!! cinematography and the stunt sequences were top notch !!!
wished there were more than 5 five stars..this film is definitely a gem
in the crown...where the name of the crown is Hollywood !! forgot to
say about Christopher nolan...he is the best thing to happen to world
cinema !!!
			
I was wanting to get my review up, however I decided to go with the
idea, like the producers, to wait until Monday to list it on the IMDb
page out of respect for the deaths of those in the Colorado shootings.
(may they hopefully rest in Christ!) Like many others, I've been
waiting a good three years since the last chapter for this movie to hit
theaters. For fans of Batman, you will not be disappointed! It has
everything a die-hard fan of Batman would want in a Batman movie. The
events begin eight years after the events of The Dark Knight. Bruce
Wayne has hung up the cape and cow-el since he's rid Gothom of crime.
He's older and uses a cane to go around. It's when the Gothom city
police start picking up information about a character named Bane who
they don't completely know of the man's motives until he reaches the
city. If the readers have been following the clips and trailers, this
information is not new. Christopher Nolan has a very precise vision in
mind for the final chapter in his Batman saga. He keeps the audience on
the edge of their seat trying to digest the plot in between the action
sequences, which very much are appealing to the eye in glorious IMAX.
Overall, the film does tell a great story, weaving in details relating
back to Batman Begins, and The Dark Kight but excluding details of the
Joker out of respect for the Late Heath Ledger. There are also a few
surprises concerning some of the characters Nolan brings to the screen.
			
Christopher Nolan is yet to deliver an unsatisfying film, and he
absolutely hit the nail on the head with the last installment in the
batman series. For a 3 hour movie, i know I and many other were up in
our seats enthralled for whatever was going to happen next.Christian Bale was magnificent as always. I enjoyed how Nolan brought
out a more emotional side to Bruce Wayne on a more personal level. It
was nice how there was more Bruce Wayne bettering himself and others
around him, while still maintaining the Batman we know and love. Anne Hathaway absolutely exceeded expectations as Selina Kyle/Catwoman.
Her lustful/cunning personality was performed flawlessly and her
transformation was performed even better. She brought a somewhat warm
comical aspect to a movie embezzled with darkness, that added something
to the batman series us as viewers were yet to see.Tom Hardy as Bane provided a new villainous tone that i enjoyed. He was
a true villain. He was physically dominant, with intelligence as well
presenting scenarios where you did not know how Batman would be able to
cope. The voice he provided, just as Heath Ledger had done, was nailed.
Creepy and truly villainous. Bane was just as good as the joker in
their own way.Joseph Gordon-Levitt's role as officer Blake is overlooked for how key
his role was. This young man is establishing himself as a true actor in
Hollywood. His passion for Batman and the people of Gotham was
extremely evident and you were rooting for this guy throughout the
entire film. Michael Caine never fails to deliver, and Alfred's riveting, emotional
performance put me over the edge. He made me feel for his character,
feel what he was going through exactly. A huge reason this movie was so
successful was the performance of Alfred.TDKR was a perfect way to end this historic trilogy with its powerful
acting performances and the emotions poured out throughout the film. It
just saddens me that this series is over due to the ending really sets
up another film. Christopher Nolan i applaud you and the work you have
done.
			
When Batman Begins came out in 2005, it completely changed the game
when it came to superhero movies. Spider-man 2 and X2 were no longer
the shining examples, and everything that followed had a very high
standard to live up to. The Dark Knight pushed the envelope further in
2008, single-handedly providing competition against the entire Marvel
Cinematic Universe for the new paragon of superhero flicks. Now The
Dark Knight Rises has come, and it improves on its predecessor just as
much as The Dark Knight improved on Batman BeginsThe film is set a startling 8 years after the conclusion of The Dark
Knight, in an almost unrecognizable Gotham City. Crime is down, people
are safe, and Batman hasn't been seen for almost a decade. Bruce Wayne
lives in the shadows of his dusty, quiet house, unable to adjust to a
normal life. Everything seems stable and it seems as though peace has
finally come for the citizens...until a masked man named Bane arrives.
Bane is the most deadly combination of traits: ruthless, extremely
strong and fast, frighteningly intelligent, and in control of a virtual
army. Faced with a supervillain more dangerous and unstoppable than
Ra's al Ghul, Scarecrow, the Joker, Two-face, and all of Gotham's
organized crime put together, the city needs Batman back, and it gets
him back. Donning the cape and cowl and hitting the streets after eight
years, this time with a little help from the mysterious and seductive
Catwoman in addition to his old allies Commissioner Gordon and Lucius
Fox, Batman has to fight Bane and get his city back, no matter the pain
it will causes his mind and body.Simply put, this movie is extraordinary. The story has the same
grandiose feel and high stakes as Batman Begins, with a feeling of
danger and fear throughout that Batman simply cannot defeat an enemy as
powerful as Bane, but it also has the same personal and intricate
struggles that characterized The Dark Knight, with almost every person
involved with the story suffering some very deep and emotional conflict
either with the others or with themselves. The acting and writing are
as good as ever from the returning cast members, but the newcomers
really steal the show. Many eyes were rolled at the announcement that
Anne Hathaway was to play Catwoman, but she nails the role with the
perfect balance of innocence, darkness, cunning, and sexiness. Tom
Hardy delivers a performance as Bane that rivals the late Heath
Ledger's now- iconic portrayal of the Joker as the most memorable and
dark villain cinema has seen in years, and surpasses Ledger in terms of
pure intimidation.The music, sets, costumes, and overall production values are all
polished and perfected to a quality that matches The Avengers and then
surpasses it despite the more down-to-earth and realistic story, and
the addition of ice and snow to the second half of the film fills it
with a color not typically used in a Batman film: white. Batman also
appears in broad daylight for the first time, leaving the shadows
behind him to take on Bane. The night was dark before...but now the
dawn has arrived.I can't say anything else without creating spoilers so I'll sum up
anything I would say with this: see this movie if you enjoyed the first
two, and ignore the cries of the trolls on IMDb's message boards. This
is the best film of the trilogy, the Batman film, and I dare to say,
the best superhero film ever made.
			
The Dark Knight Rises redefines epic film-making and Nolan shows why he
is the best person to call the shots when it is a film based on the
caped crusader. He retains the dark theme and goes on to successfully
deal with the issues of loss,grief,terror,choice and one man's attempt
to prevent his city from being destroyed. Definitely darker and more
haunting than its predecessors,The Dark Knight Rises relies on
spellbinding special effects,breathtaking action sequences and
hard-hitting dialogues to establish its story. The Dark Knight Rises
also throws some interesting new characters in the mix. Christian Bale
as Bruce Wayne/Batman, Tom Hardy as Bane, Gary Oldman as Commissioner
James Gordon, Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle/Catwoman and Joseph
Gordon-Levitt as Officer John Blake played their roles to perfection.
Tom Hardy is brilliant as Bane, the physical figure of terror and
unstoppable force. This trilogy had it all - the first was about our inner fears, the
second about chaos, and the third about pain! The ending has the
audience gasping and that is where Nolan scores. That's why it's called
an epic. That's why he's Batman. Everybody's hero. Hans Zimmer has
delivered the best background score for this film in the entire
trilogy. It is so riveting that it stays with you even after you have
left the theater.A ferociously satisfying end to The Dark Knight Trilogy. The thought of
Nolan not returning for another Batman film is saddening but THE DARK
KNIGHT RISES deserves the recognition of being the epic conclusion to
the best superhero film trilogy of all time!!
			
When Christopher Nolan said that he is going to end Dark Knight series
.. I was wondering how he gonna surpass the 'The Dark Knight fame' to
give a finale that we all need to remember the trilogy forever..and he
gave "The Dark Knight Rises"..I am not a hardcore movie buff...so I am not the one who rush to buy
the first day first show ticket.. I am kind of person who wait to get
the rush over or sometimes watch the movie on DVD..but with this
movie..all I could do was wait for a day because the first day shows
were all booked in advance...The movie started.. I was thinking of writing a detailed blog on
different aspects of the movie.. like its editing, music, SFX, Video
effects, direction.. and I am sure you know what happened.. I was so
engrossed in the movie that first brake from my train of admiration I
got was the 3 minute break during intermission..and then I was busy
again ..the whole movie was so exciting and so well finished that I
couldn't pick any one department above the others... It was an awesome
movie with every aspect awesomely executed...The movie was slow in the beginning but you will never feel bored but
the later half none had time to think about anything but the movie...However, being a hardcore Christopher Nolan fan.. I was a little
disappointed with the cast of the movie.. Having watched Inception so
many times just to have a grasp on the movie.. I remember each one of
the Inception character by heart.. and seeing them popping up in Dark
Knight rises was a big let down for me... this was the only time when I
actually believed that movie is not happening in real but a fantasy
because I have seen the characters before...I so wanted Christopher Nolan to try out new casts so that I can
believe that the "Gotham City" exists in real...because the visual
department did an excellent work to make the city more real than
anything....I am sure 250 millions bucks were well spent...In the end!! If it is the initial weeks of the movie and you are
reading movie reviews before buying the ticket or waiting for the DVD
release.. then I will just say one thing..."There's a storm coming...." Watch it before it is too late to feel the
thrill....
			
After I watched the first movie Batman Begins, I became completely
Bat-sessed. That movie blew me away with all the action, characters,
story and how they could make such a good superhero movie. Then I
watched The Dark Knight and that movie was even better. Heath Ledger's
performance was stunning and all the other characters were so great and
well made. So of course I had HUGE expectations for: The Dark Knight
Rises.I was so nervous when I sat in the cinema looking at that big screen.
Soon I would witness The End of this trilogy. This trilogy that means
so much to me now. The movie started and I was dragged right into
story. Much has happened in Gotham. After the events from 'The Dark
Knight', Gotham has lived peacefully (peacefully in Gotham terms) and
Batman was no longer needed. Well until Bane showed up. Batman then has
to drag himself into his suit and face his, perhaps, greatest enemy
ever (?).Well Bane himself is... perfect. I wasn't expecting to be blown away
like Heath Ledger portrayed Joker, but Tom Hardy as Bane is PERFECT.
His voice and looks is so intimidating and he's the villain Batman
hasn't faced before. He is terrifying. I love all the villains in Chris
N. Batman trilogy, but Bane is the best. He's Batman ultimate
challenge. The way he talks, looks and deals with things is... wow.Anne Hathaway portraits the sexy Selina Kyle. She does a really good
job in this role and you feel for the character. Much better than Tim
Burton's. She also has a really major role in the story and everything
around her is so good. Bane still steals the show I think, but Selina
Kyle is definitely great in this film.John Blake is also one of the new characters and he's portrayed by
Joseph Gordon Lewitt. John Blake is a cop. A good cob. One of these
idealists and he has a major role in the story. Joseph plays the
character really well and as with Selina Kyle, we feel for him.Marion Cotillard plays Miranda Tate, who is a business woman, who has a
major role in this movie. She is played well, but doesn't get as much
screen time as the other new characters. I won't say anymore about her,
but she's a good character.Of course we have the old characters consisting of: Christian Bale -
Bruce Wayne/Batman, who plays this character really, really well. He is
The Batman. We also have: Michael Caine - Alfred Pennyworth, who also
plays his character so well, like in the other movies. Unfortunately,
he doesn't have as much screen time as in the other movies. Fortunately
we still feel for his character, and that is great. We then have Gary
Oldman - Commissioner Gordon who, as all the others, plays his
character really, really well. We don't really see much to his family
this time though. In fact we never do. It's like they don't exist,
which is a little stupid, but his character still rocks, and we
definitely feel for this guy. And at last we have Morgan Freeman -
Lucius Fox, who as every other actor in this movie, plays his character
so well. You can't, but love this character. Lucius has always
supported Batman with equipment and in this case we're going to see a
different vehicle of his.Batman Begins has The Tumbler. The Dark Knight added the Bi-cycle. The
Dark Knight Rises has: The Bat. A really awesome flying vehicle that
Batman uses a great deal. It's goddamn awesome! The movie also gives us
a great deal of action. Especially the fight scenes between the main
protagonists and the antagonists, is so nice to look at. The first
scene with Bane is stunning and intense.The whole tone of the movie is "pain" and trust me. We see a great deal
of that. I won't say more. You need to see it yourself.I won't spoil anything, but I can say the ending is great satisfying in
many ways, but a little "meh" at some other points. The "meh" is
because I think we don't really get The Ending for the awesome support
cast. Gordon and Lucius for example, but perhaps I just need to watch
it again. I'm definitely going to.This movie is so stunning to look at, the soundtrack is amazing -
everything is so awesome about this movie. There are some minor plot
holes, but it's only the Nip-pickers, who are going to be affected by
those. The whole movie is spectacular and it all ends with a great
climax.Christopher Nolan delivers again!
			
Deciding to book my tickets a week in advance,I was surprised to
discover that the cinema was planning to do a barely advertised "triple
feature",where all three of Chris Nolan's Batman films would be shown
in one sitting!.Since having only seen the previous two movies on DVD, (one side
note:about 10 minutes into The Dark Knight.the film had to be
restarted,due to the "wrong file" featuring audio description and
subtitles being put on first) I felt that seeing all three in a row on
the big screen would make an exciting "Batathon".The plot:Eight years after the real circumstances behind Gotham City's district
attorneys Harvey Dent death has been kept under wraps by Batman
deciding to take the blame for Dent's death in the hope of making him a
beacon of hope for the people of Gotham.A new law is introduced into
Gotham titled "Dents law",which has been designed to ease the
apprehension of Gotham's criminal underworld.Feeling that Dents law has
at last made the city a more peaceful place,and also being strongly
advised by the mayor to retire,due to Gotham now being in a post-war
"peace time".As a number of Gotham's rich & famous start to attend a party being
held in Wayne mansion to celebrate the 8th anniversary of "Dents
law",the guests start to question Bruce Wayne's (aka:Batman) loyal
butler Alfred Pennyworth on Wayne still being alive,due to him having
become reclusive since the last ever sighting of Batman and the death
of Harvey Dent. (Unbeknownst to any of the guests,Wayne had decided to
live in exile for the rest of his life after he was unable to save his
childhood sweetheart Rachel Dawes,and had also decided to never again
become Batman thanks to the "legacy" of Harvey Dent which has given the
people of Gotham the "hope" that Batman never could) Seeing an opportunity to steal a valuable item from the upstairs rooms
of Bruce Wayne's mansion,undercover cat bugler Selina Kyle "kindly"
helps Alfred by saying that she will take Wayne's dinner up for
him.Seeing no sign at all of the reclusive Wayne,Kyle quickly puts
Wayne's meal on the side and begins attempting to unlock a safe of his.Getting the item easily out of the safe,Selina is stopped right in her
tracks,when a worn- down,walking stick using Bruce Wayne suddenly
appears.Wanting to understand why Kyle has chosen this particular
safe,Bruce decides that instead of calling for Alfred to ring the
police,he will instead act like a gentlemen and kindly ask for Selina
to give him the stolen item back.Sadly for Wayne,Kyle shows her
appreciation towards his manner by kicking his walking stick away and
then somersaulting out of the window!.As Bruce Wayne begins to wonder
why someone would go to all the trouble of stealing an item from
him,and Commisonar Gordon prepares to leave Gotham with its beacon of
hope shining brighter than ever.A terrorist called Bane decides that he is going to use Gotham post-war
"peace time" to his advantage,by capturing the city completely off
guard,and using something from Bruce Wayne's crumbling business
past,which will turn "Gotham into ashes".View on the film:Placing the city of Gotham in a post-war "peace time" period,director
Christopher Nolan and cinematography Wally Pfister contrast the
adrenalin rushing,brightly lit wide angles used for the movies
fantastic action scenes by taking Batman back to his rough,pulp Noir
roots which had last been fully displayed in the brilliant 1992-1995
Batman:The Animated Series.Using the character of Selina Kyle (purrfectly (grown!) played as a
cunning Femme Fatale by the beautiful Anne Hathaway) Nolan and Pfister
slowly build a feeling of something sinister rising from the
underground by using an elegant,low-lit Film Noir style to show the
characters in a shimmering light,and to also show that the fake beaming
light of "hope" from Harvey Dent is actually putting the characters
lives in permanent darkness,due to the lies and cover ups that led to
it creation.While the approach to the main villains in the first and second of
Nolan's Batman films ( Ra's Al Ghul and the Joker) were merciless short
sharp shocks,here,screenwriters David Goyer,Nolan and his brother
Jonathan brilliantly show Bane to be someone who can stand his ground
and gradually create the maximum damage possible,by not just using the
"easy" option of force,but also to use his intellect to make the
unlucky, lower class people of Gotham believe that he is "one of them"
who is also an outcast.Faithfully sticking to Banes original design by Graham Nolan, (no
relation!) Tom Hardy, (whose terrific vocal performance has more than a
whisper of Sean Connery) stunningly breaks out of the mask covering 80%
of his face,by turning Bane into a menacingly imposing figure,who Hardy
shows does not want to simply burn Gotham on the surface,but to instead
get to the very roots holding the city together,and rip them out raw.Backed by a heartfelt performance from Michael Caine,Christian Bale
gives a fantastic performance as Bruce Wayne/Batman,which he cleverly
keeps away from being "two" different entity's,by having the Howard
Houges like Wayne's regret over the death of Rachel Dawes and his
strong feelings of Batman now being useless thanks to the "legacy" of
Harvey Dent,seeping into Batman's previously armour plated costume,to
give him a haunting sense of doubt.
			
A perfect ending to one of the great trilogies ever. Easily top 4 with
Godfather, Starwars and of course LOTR.The movie was so good....simply blew me away like with Avatar.
Something i didn't expect at all. It even caused spontaneous applause
after its finish...in Holland thats really not the norm.I think Batman, the most human of the superheroes is portrayed here
perfectly by Bale. Someone who has given his all and more, is required
to do it all again. WOW. It was done so well...you sympathize and even
pity him. Adding a layer to the Batman Saga that I won't soon forget.All the actors were spot on and gave brilliant performances. Able to
add a human touch to there acting making it all believable and quite
unforgettable. After Ledger's Joker, Hardy's Bane is the perfect
followup villain. Totally different and it just works. Hardy must be
one of the premiere physical actors ever. Just using his voice, body
and posture to create so much menace is incredible to behold. Anne
Hathaway as cat-woman is the best of the 3 versions on film. Halle
Berry is still the hottest one, but hath aways is the most interesting
and she gave it all her own twist and i simply like her version a lot.
But my favorite is somehow Joseph Gordon Levitt...he is portrayed as
the truest hero without the taints unlike the others and in the end it
all makes perfect sense.Of course the movie is not perfect. Somehow even lasting nearly 3 hours
it could have used more time. Somehow it seems to shortchange the
story.The time passing by while the city was held hostage or being conquered
with the suffering and desperation of the city and its populace was not
so evident. The weather change was the only indication of the time
passing by. Maybe a montage scene would be a good idea here.:)
			
Our "knight" and shining armor has arrived to save us from the doldrums
we sometimes get from summer cinema. He is none other than the Dark
Knight himself, Batman! Christopher Nolan has brilliantly directed the
final chapter of his highly-acclaimed Batman trilogy with superb
precision in "The Dark Knight Rises". This masterpiece is set eight
years after the events of the "The Dark Knight". The city of Gotham is
recovered from a crime epidemic but still feeling the loss of former
District Attorney Harry Dent, little do they know that guy was a
two-face. Bruce Wayne has disappeared from the Gotham spotlight mostly
due to the fact that his alter-ego took the rap for Dent's crimes.
Bruce is living or not-living (take your pick) a life of hibernation;
he can hardly walk and looks very enervated. But things change when a
Bane in the ass comes in the picture. That would be the monstrous
villain Bane, who viciously takes wrath in Gotham and plans to destroy
the city with his buddy Atom "I am the" Bomb. Bane wears a mask, or
more like a headpiece, that covers the central features of his face and
head; that actually looks like a humungous respirator. He has a
distinct voice and is no Joker with his serious tone. But as the Joker,
they rated high in their maniacal evaluation exams. At the same time,
we have a fresh pussy that enters the picture, she goes by the name of
Selina Kyle, but we know that is no cat in the hat that we are talking
about; I have absolutely no idea what that meant. Of course, I am
referring to Catwoman. Kyle wastes no time to smoothly enter Bruce's
crib and steal away his jewels, but what she actually is looking for is
his prints. Anyways, with so much havoc going on, Bruce decides to go
up to bat again and save Gotham from Bane and his crew by bringing back
out the caped crusader Mr. Batman. "The Dark Knight Rises" is a grand
spectacle and is a cerebral challenge to keep up with narrative, but we
must incept our minds that this is a Nolan picture; so pay attention.
Nolan and his brother from the same mother Jonathan developed a very
polished script that as its predecessor "The Dark Knight" parallels
numerous different themes of present day society. I am going to get
technical now and mention that the film's art direction,
cinematography, sound effects, visual effects, score, and production
design should all rise with Academy Award nomination honors. They were
spectacular! Christian Bale has definitely cemented that no one can
play Batman as he does. Tom Hardy was quite the warrior with his
grandiose performance as Bane. Anne Hathaway was no pussycat (or maybe
she was) with her strong performance as Selina Kyle/Catwoman; and also
delivered the best lines of the movie. She looked marvelous! That cat
could get my tongue anytime! OK, that is enough. Michael Caine once
again proved that the Butler did it quite well with his work as Alfred.
Other solid thespian work in "The Dark Knight Rises" included Gary
Oldman as Commissioner Gordon and Marion Cotillard as Bruce's new flame
Miranda. And Joseph Gordon-Levitt just levied up his career once again
with another sound performance; he portrays the savvy Officer Blake. I
am going to conclude my "The Dark Knight Rises" review by mentioning
that the conclusion of this movie is one of the best of all-time in
motion picture history. OK, I am going to call it a Knight, and cap off
my review of "The Dark Knight Rises" by stating that this by far is the
best movie of 2012. Knighty-knight. ***** Excellent
			
It is almost impossible for anybody to make a sequel to the ever
lasting and epic movie like THE DARK KNIGHT. With history of films
which failed to create same impact as their previous versions and with
huge amount of expectations THE DARK KNIGHT RISES do rise to the
expectations.Hats off to Christopher Nolan. He has done a great job in assembling
such a huge cast ,many(new characters) of them are from his previous
directional venture INCEPTION. to their credit everyone has done their
role neatly.Christian Bale looked stunning and did his role nicely,
Anne Hathaway added some attraction and value to her role especially
with her venomous style and attitude. Joseph Gordon-Levitt proved his
worth and confidence that Nolan had in him.the major positives are the screenplay, camera work, high octane action
sequences, stunning and timely dialogues. the bgm was good as one can
expect from a batman movie. on the downside, the length of the movie which is quite unusual for a
Hollywood movie, but trust me you will never get bored.the twists and turns in later part makes it more interesting and the
climax is the best part. very much acceptable and justified conclusion
to this epic trilogy. I have watched it twice on its release day but
still love to watch it again. It is very difficult to chose the best
among the trilogy especially between dark knight and dark knight rises.
frankly i couldn't chose the better one . Thank u warner bros and
Christopher Nolan for giving us this awesome series. I hope its not a
one time experience.
			
If anyone has really watched the "Batman" series, Directed by -
Christopher Nolan, I guess no one can really forget the paused-eerie
laugh of the "Joker" (Late Heath Ledger - truly immortalized). Many
villains came and many went (Be it Marvel or DC Comics for the matter
of fact) but none were able to appeal to the psyche of the viewer and
hold it captive for as long as they can remember, as the Joker did and
still continues to do.But my point in saying all of this is when people go to the movie-hall
to watch TDKR (The Dark Knight Rises), incidentally the
most-anticipated movie of the year (backed by pre-bookings figures,
collections, ratings, reviews and all), they would mostly be expecting
to see a villain even more ghastly, petrifying and vile than the Joker
and the subsequent ensuing duel between him and Batman. But alas!
folks, this movie is not about that or at least not entirely about
that.This is much more bigger than that. There is a much deeper sense of
connection and reasoning involved in this movie which, truly in the
end, is befitting of "The" most proper and emotionally requisite
culmination of the Batman Trilogy and man! Was I satisfied when I came
out of the theater? My mind and heart said in unison - Totally Awesome. I can't give out my favorite portions (there were many) of the of the
movie (maybe someday later) just in anticipation that others, like me,
are still waiting out there to savor the "Ultimate Movie of the Year",
but all I can say is the way Christopher Nolan has tied all the ends is
just marvelous. Yet again, no movie is perfect. People will find something to say about
it. But what I really believe is the experience really counts. On that
note some may argue about which movie - amongst The Avatar, The
Avengers or the TDKR would you prefer and why? My answer today would
definitely be TDKR, not because the former two are not as good as TDKR,
it's just the knowledgeable experience of TDKR is way better than them.So go out there and experience it and I sincerely hope that you are
able to connect to it on the level I did. Chao!
			
Firstly and most importantly the story of this film is sublime. From
the very start the normal narrative structure is disregarded, as with
previous Nolan's work. The story starts off with a powerful,
unforgettable plane hijacking scene introducing the masked villain Bane
portrayed brilliantly by Tom Hardy. It then moves to the life of Bruce
Wayne (8 years after the events of TDK) and the emptiness he now lives
in with the death of Rachel on his conscience and the crimes of Harvey
Dent which he chose to take the blame for, for the good of Gotham. This
is until Bane strikes again and forces Batman into action, along with
newcomer Selina Kyle aka. Catwoman. The story continues to unfold
beautifully with surprises at every twist and turn building up to a
mesmerzing sensational last hour and climax. Batman falls and 'rises'
in this film as Bane takes full control of Gotham causing Bruce
unbearable pain by making him witness his city burn helplessly.The acting in this movie is a step up from the last film as the whole
cast do a fantastic job whereas in the last one, for the most part
Ledger stole the show. Christian Bale gives his best performance yet as
Bruce Wayne who actually feels like a down-to-earth human being in this
one and not a distant billionaire playboy. In this one we can feel his
despair and learn even more about him with the help of the brilliant
characterization and development, as he faces immense challenges he
must overcome and learn the true meaning of ''Why do we fall?''
whatever the consequences. The fact even he can be 'broken' shows us
despite how much of a symbol he is and what he stands for, he is still
physically just a man and all men can fall. He deserves an Oscar nod.
Moving on, Tom Hardy portrays the huge masked villain Bane superbly and
through his marvelous performance it makes him a completely terrifying
and menacing person who is not to be reckoned with, especially by
showing how powerful he is when he 'breaks' Batman. The execution of
his master plan is very intelligently done and despite Hardy's
performance not being as spectacular as Ledger's, he still does a hell
of a job and his character complexity still allows him to be in the
same league as Ledger's Joker. Despite how much of a monstrous person
he is made to look, by the end we see his human side which makes us
like him if ever the slightest, as we see he is after all still human.
Maybe Hardy doesn't deserve to win an Oscar for his role, depending on
how good other year's performances are but he definitely should also
get an Oscar nod. These being the two strongest performances of the
film nevertheless doesn't mean the rest of the cast didn't also do a
great job. Hathaway portrays cunning, sexy Catwoman engrossingly, Caine
does a fantastic job as always, as does new-comer JGD (John Blake) and
Gary Oldman as Gordon is excellent as per usual. Marion Cotillard is
another new addition to the cast, portraying business woman Miranda
Tate intriguingly who is more cunning of a character than she looks and
will surprise you greatly by the end. All in all, applause to the cast.The characterization and character development of the film, as briefly
touched upon before, is astounding. Each of the key characters are
distinctive, have their own backgrounds and strong personalities, even
the new ones and each have a fair share of screen time. This is one of
the most contributing factors which makes this if ever slightly better
than TDK. The old characters we have gotten used to are developed
further, Caine gives a staggeringly astonishing performance as Alfred,
the charming friend and butler of Bruce and contributes quite a bit to
parts of the story. Bruce also is developed further very well, as
mentioned before, and Bale delivers a superb performance.The themes and issues explored also add to this film being
greater/better than TDK. Bane's plan can be interpreted/associated with
the Occupy Wall Street movement, the banking crisis nowadays and
whether capitalism is the right direction to stay on or should the
system be changed to allow a new sense of order (not anarchy/chaos,
just something other than what we have now). As well as this it poses
some ideas about revolution and questions - whether there ever will be
a fall of capitalism or western civilization, through whatever means.
This film contributes greatly to the world today and a lot of symbolic
elements fill the story, unlike most/if not all other superhero films.Moving on to technical aspects, the action of the film is bigger and
better than ever, orchestrated breath-takingly from the opening scene
of the huge plane hijacking to thousands of people charging at each
other through the torn apart streets of Gotham, filmed on Wall Street
helping to give just the massive scale of the action. The sound editing
as well as the music of Zimmer are better than ever, it can be slow and
calm at parts and yet mind blowingly fast, loud, intense and completely
electrifying in a large portions of the film. The FX are also
astonishing, especially the fact most of them were real/practical and
not CGI.Now on to the ending of the film (without telling you what it is), I
thought it was spectacular, unexpected and a wondrous sense of
anonymity is left with the audience leaving the major themes, ideas and
further story threads allowing the audience to wonder and decide what
will happen next, whilst still being given enough to be satisfied and
blown away with this truly epic conclusion to the DARK KNIGHT LEGEND.
Not my favourite movie probably but close, still deciding though. A
strong 10/10!
			
Christopher Nolan has done it again. They say the third outing is
always tricky as there is awful lot of pressure to present a convincing
plot for the audience in a way that the trilogy culminates into one
phenomenal celluloid experience. Nolan has undoubtedly, outdone himself
with his latest film which also happens to be the last in the Batman
franchise.It is tough to imagine that a comic strip could have such a poignant
and an incredibly spell binding movie transformation. You remain fixed
to your seats through the entire run of this 2 hours 45 minutes dark
action thriller. Right from the first installment of the franchise- 'Batman Begins' to
'The Dark Knight Rises', the director has maintained the same tone and
feel of the film, with the antagonist having an overwhelmingly
terrifying influence on viewers with their mean and unfathomable
manipulative schemes. While Joker of 'The Dark Knight', played
impeccably by late Heath Ledger, won more accolades from viewers for
his eccentric devilish act than Batman played by Christian Bale, this
time round we have even more dangerous and evil adversary of the caped
crusader in the form of Bane (Tom Hardy) who is not only intelligent
but far more strong and agile than our hero. The story unfolds eight years after the death of district attorney
Harvey Dent who in pursuit to completely eradicate organized crime from
the Gotham city loses his life under double dealing circumstances at
the hands of Batman. Police Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman) is
convinced that crime has severely been curbed following Dent's death.
But at some other place there has risen Bane who is hell bent on
bringing Gotham city down by presenting the most daunting picture of
organized crime by degrading contemporary societal trends. Exploiting
on the crumpled economic situation of Gotham and the rich-poor divide,
Bane, the 'terrorist' plans a very conniving plot to take Gotham city
under siege challenging Batman to come out of his shell.Meanwhile, the Dark Knight of the city aka Batman has become a recluse
taking the blame of Harvy Dent's death upon him. The film also has the
'Catwoman'(superbly played by Anne Hathway) who very tactfully manages
to lure Batman to his most powerful opponent till date who in a fight
overpowers Batman- even breaking his back and dumping him to rot.Batman has to save his city and its people and he has to rise to the
occasion. And in 'The Dark Knight Rises', Batman has to fight not only
Bane but also his own self. He has to get rid of the guilt of killing
Dent and his once fiance Rachel and come to terms with the fact even
if his ways of dealing with the warlords are in transgression with the
city's administration; he is the ultimate savior of Gotham.This film has some fine performances, from Gary Oldman as the exhausted
yet perennially decent Commissioner Gordon to Joseph Gordon-Levitt as
John Blake, a young cop who ends up at the heart of the action. Marion
Cotillard and Anne Hathaway add glamour and intrigue.Tom Hardy who plays Bane is someone to look out for in 'The Dark Knight
Rises'. He's got a great character and he plays it with aplomb. But the
screenplay and treatment of the story by director Nolan is the real
deal.Take a bow ladies and gentleman  for the maverick of Nolan rises again
as he delivers a masterpiece called  'The Dark Knight Rises'. Ratings: TEN awesome cheers for this one!
			
I have almost no words for this Masterpiece. It was just a perfect end
to The Dark Knight Legend. With Blood Rushing Action and beautifully
Choreographed Fight Scenes. This was one of the Greatest Movies Ever
Conceived. Bane was pure evil with a side that was revealed that I
didn't expect. Miranda Tate was just something different, that's all
I'll say. And of course Christian Bale playing the greatest superhero
ever; Batman. He was just sensational. Pure Amazing acting. Christopher
Nolan is one of the Greatest Directors of All Time and easily the
Greatest one right now. 10/10, 110%, Six Stars! Must See! This Movie
will change Series Finales Forever.
			
The Dark Knight Rises: Ever since Nolan delivered The Dark Knight, it
has been a long impatient wait for four long years for its sequel. Let
us be honest here-The Dark Knight was a masterpiece but it was Heath
Ledger's portrayal of Joker which had made the film iconic. Anybody can
make a masterpiece but it is only a handful of those who make iconic
movies, and Nolan made it. Christopher Nolan, take a bow. The Dark
Knight Rises is another masterstroke from Nolan. Though there might be
nothing iconic about this one but certainly it brings justice to the
kind of finale one might expect from a person of his caliber. The only
unfortunate thing about TDKR is that it is being released after The
Dark Knight. Had this movie been released after Batman Begins, it would
have brought order in this universe where one movie is a step ahead of
its predecessor (surprise>>>>masterpiece>>>>iconic). People would have
appreciated this masterpiece as a worthy sequel and not point fingers
at it just because it is not there with TDK. That being said let us now
come to TDKR. Since I was not able to get tickets online for the nearby
15 odd multiplexes, I had to earn a ticket for it to see it 25kms away.
I could imagine myself walking in slow motion into the theatre, with
tickets clenched in my hands (fade loud noise), to witness something
which will tell you-that seat on which you are about to sit has waited
there for decades for you to witness this orchestra, after all it has
been a wait for a lifetime. This movie has everything what you expect
from a Nolan movie. I will not undermine it by saying this movie has
great acting, great screenplay and everything clich. But I will say
this-experience this experience, for after this there will be none and
even if there is who knows who will be and who will not be.
			
Christopher Nolan is the best and most visionary director in todays
directors, and "the Dark Knight rises" proves it. Bale did an awesome
job once again as Batman, Bane was terrifying but awesome villain. And
the rest of cast were just right on! I thought that Levitt did an
amazing job by joining in the cast and his character will portray key
points for the future, if there is one. I just wish that Nolan will
continue with the future of Batman! The Dark Knight Rises was full of
emotion, power and Oscar worthy cinema!! Its worth seeing in the
theaters and its the best of the series, Nolan keeps on the top of each
release of this series, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight and now The Dark
Knight Rises. Please Mr. Nolan please come back and continue on with
Batman, you have brought Batman to a vision of respect, emotion and a
full blast of excitement and epic!.
			
The final conclusion to Nolan's Batman epic is a true masterpiece. What
can I say? I loved the movie for the main purpose of just going all out
and taking risks. I'm gonna start by saying everything I thought: 1)
Bane's voice - In the prologue, his voice may sound laughably awkward,
but you can understand him perfectly. For the rest of the film after
that, it completely changes to what you hear in the trailers. You can
understand most of it. Anyway, the voice is badass. 2) Anne Hathaway -
She was actually really great as Catwoman. Her character proves that
Nolan is good at creating strong female characters and that's that. She
was great. You have nothing to worry about. 3) Batman's death - All I'm
gonna say is that the ending is extremely satisfying. 4) The fights -
Imagine, Nolan creating awesome fight scenes. Bane and Batman's first
fight in this film is amazing. It's so brutal; in a way you could never
expect. PLUS, Bane freaking breaks the Bat. Fans of Knightfall know
what I mean and they are going to love that part. The fights, all in
all, were fantastic. 5) Bane himself - This guy was amazing. There
wasn't much to his character, but he was fantastically played by Tom
Hardy, who can do amazing things with only his eyes. There isn't much
chemistry between him and Batman like Batman with Joker, but Bane is
such a fun villain to watch, and so brutal, you love it. 6) The movie's
darkness - It's lightened up a bit, with the more action, but the film
takes lots of risks. Graphic civilian casualties and bone- breaking
moments that leave the audience dead silent. See this movie!!!. You
will not be disappointed!!! P.S. The music is epic and everything about
it is epic. So good. People say it's muddled or that there are too many
flashbacks; both of these aren't true. I assure you. The acting is
brilliant as always. It's so great. Alright, you get it. Go see it now!
:D
			
When Nolan and company set out to conclude their Batman trilogy, they
probably had no idea it would get this far and would take on this
shape, resulting on a couple of unexpected public reactions. From now
on, it will always be associated with the word violence. It's not the
most violent film ever, but it's so well made that it conveys the
sensation, visually, through its writing, acting, and directing that it
might be. The film is more complex and satisfying than its predecessor,
though Bane, its central villain is pure evil, an entity that no matter
how much is explained throughout the film, emanates pure, ugly
violence, and for many in the audience will no have any redeeming
qualities, regardless of its ending. It should be acknowledged that the
successful depiction of this character's nature is Tom Hardy's
excellent in its portrayal. Secondary viewings might be required to
fully appreciate that much more lurks beyond his obvious nature. Watch
his eyes in the final scenes of the film, and you might barely begin to
understand who he might be.Bain is just one of the elements that make this film shine. There is
the mysterious "Cat" or Catwoman, as some people might know her better,
and some of us might even want to change her identity to something else
by the time the film ends. Women do very well in this film, and
Scarlett Johanson has some serious competition when one admires how
wonderful Anne Hathaway is. It's just amazing that she manages to outdo
the really good work Pfieffer did in the second movie Burton did with
the Batman characters. Hathaway drips with physical power, and there is
plenty going on behind her motivations and her complicated, flawed
persona. It is truly enjoyable to see her interact with Bruce/Batman.
She is too smart not to see what's going, but this makes it more
difficult to make crucial decisions as the plot grows darker and
darker.Then, we have the young cop who tries to uphold justice and save the
world. Lewitt has never looked so good and after 50/50 has developed
into a much better actor. He's not just a cop, a detective, someone who
needs a mentor. His goal is to achieve a place of greatness, maybe
alongside Gordon and/or Batman. Whether he might survive the ever
enveloping growing hell around him is up to the designs of Nolan and
company.There is a very interesting, intelligent, and demanding screenplay at
the heart of the story which is expertly directed and executed by
Nolan's superb hand. He understands his characters, knows how to keep
the film intelligent, respecting its sources, and making the citizens
of his fictional world as real as possible. In smaller roles, great
actors like Freeman, Caine, and Oldman shine. No one is neglected, and
no detail is left unsupervised, details that only help make the film
much better.In the end, we go to this films to enjoy a great film, with expertly
balanced technology and good old-fashioned character development.
Everything clicks here, and this is what happens when classics are
born.
			
I just got back from the premiere screening with my parents, and I must
say...The Dark Knight Rises will forever remain as a ethereal memory I
will never forget.Going into the movie, I'm aware of the unreal expectation Christopher
Nolan has to live up to, especially after The Dark Knight 4 years
prior. And I also realize so many people will consider this movie to be
inferior to The Dark Knight. But, not me. To me, not only this movie is
the best out of the trilogy, this movie is the greatest superhero movie
of all time. And I don't throw around "the best of all time" title in
any genre or sub-genre that much. I know people would say the lack of
Joker effects the quality of TDKR as compared to TDK, but I daresay
this movie is perfect without The Joker. Because this series is never
about The Joker, it's about the journey of Batman. This is the end of
that saga and what a finale it was.The story is set 8 years after The Dark Knight, with all the impact of
Harvey Dent's death being felt. Batman was literally buried beneath the
hatred of many people until Bane arrives and forces him to don his
bat-suit again.From the storyline perspective, this is easily the most powerful and
emotional out of the trilogy. The idea of the loss of loved ones,
redemption, hope, and faith is revisited and hinted many many times
throughout the movie, and I couldn't help but cry over certain scenes,
particularly Alfred's farewell, Bruce Wayne finding his faith back in
the hole, the first & second return of Batman, the surprising twist
involving a knife, and of course the perfect ending. The story is
gripping from start to finish, and the 164 minutes screen-time isn't
even actually felt thanks to how tight the story clinches your
attention.About the characters & the acting...I can only say, wow, they are all
perfect! Christian Bale gave the strongest performance of a Bruce Wayne
ever. Anne Hathaway practically told Michelle Pfeiffer to step aside
just like Heath Ledger did to Jack Nicholson. Gary Oldman had a
memorable performance as a tormented "war hero". Michael Caine, as
always, was emotional and powerful in every delivery you could imagine.
Tom Hardy successfully made Bane the most threatening & powerful
villain you'll ever see in every comic book adaptation. Marion
Cotillard played the luscious surprise convincingly. Morgan Freeman
provided the much needed supporting character. And lastly,
Joseph-Gordon Levitt displayed himself as an amazing sidekick &
eventually a future hero.And for the umpteenth time it seems, Christopher Nolan has outdone
himself yet again! Regardless of the haters, it's obvious Mr. Nolan is
the best living director today and will more than likely reign as so
for a long time. I'm proud to call myself a Nolanite.All in all, this movie is very well made and I have never seen a
greater superhero movie than this. And I truly doubt I ever will. This
is an otherworldly experience and I'm lucky to have seen it. 100/100.
Recommended for an eternity. >_<
			
Regardless of the chaos surrounding this movie and the tragedy... TDKR
is probably one of the greatest films of all time. I don't want to say
too much to give anything away cause this movie does not deserve to be
spoiled (Unlike David Letterman tried to do. Clever man but you didn't
foil it thank god)I say don't let this tragedy scare you away from viewing this in your
local theater or IMAX...if you fail to go out, this heart less gunman
wins... I will not let him scare me away from what I want to do... I
will go out and see this movie multiple times.It is amazing and without a doubt it is a must see film. Bravo Nolan
for putting together an amazing cast, and crafting together such a
masterful trilogy of my most beloved comic book hero
			
The batman trilogy should now be at stakes among the greatest trilogies
in cinema history. It's third movie did not hesitate to give us what so
much other's couldn't. The third film normally marks the last of the
series, and for good reason. What Nolan has done has given us a final
film, without good reason. From the opening scene, which, in my
opinion, was better than the dark knights opening. The same cannot be
said as far as the overall films. The dark knight was incredible, and
left an amazing shadow to be filled. It was filled. I would say this is
as good, but not better than The Dark Knight. It's truly an amazing
feat. All actor performances were top notch. I cannot think of a bad
performance, only show stealer's. Most notably are: Michael Caine, who
gave us an excellent performance unlike one we've seen Alfred give.
Christian Bale did excellent, amazingly portraying Batman, but even
more so the pain and suffering of Bruce Wayne. Anne Hathaway was the
one I was a little worried about. She did amazing, damn near stealing
the scenes she was in and giving the character a huge amount of
realism. Tom Hardy as Bane was just about the best follow up to Heath
Ledgers (may he rest in peace) Joker. Something happened while watching
Bane that the Joker couldn't give me; I was terrified of him. The joker
was the better preformed and more interesting villain, but Bane brought
something to the table that was different than what the Joker had.
Joesph Gordon Levitt and Gary Oldman both did excellent, as expected,
in both their roles.Christopher Nolan has said that Batman Begins is about Fear, The Dark
Knight is about Chaos, and The Dark Knight Rises is about Pain. This is
true. TDKR is probably one of the bleakest and best films I've seen a
while. At one point, I wondered, how do you end Batman? How can they
complete it?This was a perfect ending. It is stunning how well they managed to wrap
up something as big as the dark knight so phenomenally. Truly fantastic
and not to be missed.
			
If you have not seen Batman Begins and The Dark Knight, you should
before you see Rises. Nolan brilliantly weaves themes and characters
from the first two films into Rises, much to the delight of Bat-fans.
Rises picks up months after Dark Knight. The lie that Batman created
for Gotham that Harvey Dent was the hero, despite his transformation
into Two-Face. Thanks to the Dent Act, in memory of Harvey, the streets
of Gotham have been swept clean of organized crime. For the first time
in decades, the city knows peace. It is a city without the need for
Batman. As such, Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) has secluded himself in
the east wing of Wayne Manor.With the city and Bruce Wayne vulnerable, Bane (Tom Hardy of Nolan's
Inception) enters the story. Bane is quite possibly the epitome of
evil. His presence alone is intimidating due to the way he carries his
physical bulk. And never mind the Hannibal Lector-like mask he wears.
He speaks in a calm and thoughtful manner, that reminds you of a great
philosopher, yet he can break a neck in a single twist. A mercenary who
speaks of revolution, Bane exploits the class warfare already in
existence for his own means; for his own power.As Bane and his goons wreak havoc in Gotham  which looks more and more
like New York  Bruce must decide if he will rise from the
self-inflicted daze to regain his vocation as the Batman. The question,
however, shifts from, "Can he?" to "Should he?" The answer, as is true
for most of Nolan's films, is nowhere near simple. In a
Jonah-in-the-whale kind of way, Bruce is imprisoned in Bane's prison
where he heals physically and emotionally. As Bruce catapults out of
the prison's hole, he claims his mission and sets out to wear the mask
and cape.In the midst of all of this, there is a mysterious woman in a cat
costume. Catwoman, or Selina Kyle is played by Anne Hathaway. Hathaway
handles the role of Catwoman in such a casual way that it makes us
think, "Of course she's the Catwoman." Her morality is as flexible as
her body, which is no wonder she and Batman seem to have a kinship.The Dark Knight Rises does what every great film should do  spark
conversation on the drive home. And I don't mean conversations about
how awesome the special effects were. I mean conversations about the
themes and statements the film is saying about humanity.Catwoman embodies one of the many themes in this film: grace. She is
searching for ways to clear her slate, erase her record. She was made
promises by Bane's people that never came to fruition. Wayne/Batman
offers her the same BEFORE she does anything. As a result, she offers
assistance to help him find Bane. But, it turns out to be a trap. Even
so, Wayne/Batman offers her grace and a chance to be a part of the
redeeming of Gotham."Born in hell, forged from suffering, hardened by pain." That line from
the film is about Bane. It could easily be about Bruce Wayne as well.
Both men have been forged from suffering and hardened by pain. The
difference is how the men response to this tragedy/crisis/struggle.
Like Jonah, Bane prefers vengeance to those who have done wrong. Like
Jonah, Bruce Wayne rises above his own struggles to reclaim a
commitment he has made to do good. And like Jonah, grace is the lesson
learned. We rise because we have grace.The film is the home to many more themes and theological ponderings.
Too many to name and discuss here. One question remains, though, what
will the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences do with the
Batman? jasoncstanley.com
			
Such an incredible movie. Absolutely loved it inspite of it being very
long. The movie was so well paced that never does this movie lose the
viewer.Unlike the 'Dark Knight', this movie had a lot more personal, emotional
and multi-layered elements including lots of great twists. Michael
Caine, Christian Bale and Morgan Freeman are the three stand out
actors. Gary Oldman and Gordon Levitt did a great job as well.Then there is the villain 'Bain'. It is a different type of villain and
Tom Hardy does a great job at delivering a fearsome character unlike
the joker, which was about witty, conniving and malicious behavior.Dark Knight Rises is a step above Dark Knight mostly because of more
exciting action sequences and also much more depth to the story. While
Dark Knight hinged only on the joker, Dark Knight Rises pivots on a lot
of moving elements intertwined and working together eventually tying it
to 'Batman Begins'.Weak points?? Only weak point was Anne Hathaway. She was too desperate
and trying too hard to play sexy and it somewhat became comical in how
she was trying to play a smart thief, but really it felt like Kristanna
Loken who tried too hard to be the TX in T3 and ended up failing
miserably. She should not have been cast in the first place.Other than that, this movie is fabulous and Nolan brothers put
everything they had into this movie in order to bring the movie to a
close. It really now establishes itself as the greatest trilogy of all
times.Batman Begins - 9.5/10 Dark Knight - 9/10 Dark Knight Rises - 10/10
			
After four years, here we are  the climax to Christopher Nolan's Dark
Knight Trilogy. Yet, anticipation and expectation has never been
higher, after Nolan set the bar so high with the trilogy's previous
installment. One could even go so far to call him the victim of his
success. Yet, nothing could prepare me for what lay ahead. The film opens, similarly to Knight, introducing us to the villain of
this piece; for this we have Tom Hardy (easily one of the actors of his
generation) as Bane. He has been understandably, but unfavourably
compared to Heath Ledger's flawless Joker; they are two different
actors playing completely different characters, so if Hardy's Bane
"isn't as enticingly charismatic as Ledger's Joker", I'm okay with
that. His character is primarily conveyed through his hulking physique,
that delightful voice and captivating eyes, which wonderfully convey
emotion throughout; he is both an intellectual and physical equal for
Bruce Wayne. Never has the possibility of death loomed so close on
Bruce's horizon.And speaking of a certain Mr. Wayne, Bale delivers his best performance
of the trilogy in this installment; his is respectably reserved,
stalwart and soulful  entirely believable and endlessly engaging as
the older, bruised and battered Bruce Wayne, who is now psychologically
and physically frail. But when Batman does return, it's a blissfully
euphoric moment of sheer elation. Bale is also supported by a brilliant
supporting cast; consisting of reliably great returns: Gary Oldman,
Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine, who delivers some of the film's most
touching moments; and impressive newcomers: Marion Cotillard, Tom
Hardy, Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Anne Hathaway. Gordon-Levitt gives a
strong and assured performance as the honest and likable cop John
Blake, while Hathaway proves to be better than Michelle Pfeiffer who
made such a mark on the role 20 years ago, and is superb in the part.From the beginning there is a strong sense that this will not end well,
but despite the doom, the series has never been more entertaining or
spectacular. From the stunning opening sequence to the magnificence of
the Heinz Stadium scene or the fantastically choreographed and
conceptualized fight between Bane and Batman half-way through; the
scale is undeniably breathtaking and truly epic. In my opinion, much of
this is due to Nolan's genius method of doing everything as practical
as possible, with real extras (there are around 11,000 in the Stadium),
explosions, stunts, etc. It pays off dividends and makes the action
believable, exciting and exhilarating. Wally Pfister's marvellous
cinematography also benefits the film to no end; Chris Nolan knows how
to direct an action sequence and Wally Pfister knows how to shoot it.
As far as I'm concerned, they're been the best D.O.P./Director duo of
the millennium so far, if not my favourite ever. Nolan's rejection to
rely on CGI and do everything for real gives the action an impactful
physicality; in one particular scene, you can feel every single brutal
blow.Unsurprisingly the film is both emotionally and intellectually
resonant, with lives truly at stake and powerful speeches delivered; it
also strongly plays off of A Tale of Two Cities throughout (it's made
quite blatant in an emotional moment) to great effect , delivering a
moral message about terrorism, class divisions and how you can
eventually become what you oppose. It could be said to making a
statement about capitalism and the financial elite during a stock
market sequence coincidently shot as the Wall Street protests began.
But maybe I'm reading too much into it, because make no mistake, the
film doesn't forget to have fun; whether it's new toy "the Bat" or a
passing remark Bane makes about a child's vocal talents. It's this
perfect balance between comic-book sensibilities and real-world
groundings which makes these films so fantastic.Overall, this is a more-than-satisfying and trilogy-best conclusion to
greatest comic book film series ever made. This is not just brilliant
comic-book filmmaking, but also brilliant filmmaking in general. With
Inception, Nolan confirmed his visionary genius, with The Dark Knight
Rises, he has cemented it. To quote one of the cops in the film, "Boy,
you are in for a show tonight, son."
			
We need you too, Bruce. After four years of waiting finally a third
sequel, the conclusion to one of the best film trilogies in history
arrives in cinemas. The question which comes to everyone's mind is: Is
it a worthy conclusion? Of course it is. Did you expect a different
answer?I noticed that people nowadays can't just simply enjoy a film. They
look for mistakes, nitpick plot holes, details, clichs and complain
about twists and turns in the story. They should be grateful for any
twists and turns in the story when some movies completely miss a plot
whatsoever. When I was coming out of the cinema I heard all these
people and my friends too complaining about Bane or the ending. I was
the only one who stated that I enjoyed the film. I mean isn't that
what's important? Whether you enjoyed the film overall or not. The ensemble of actors in this film is truly magnificent. All of them
give a tremendous performance. Bane is not such a fun and charismatic
villain as the Joker but Tom Hardy makes the character fun to watch in
its own way. You have to admire his brutality and fight skills which
really let shine in the first and best hand-to-hand fight scene with
Batman. It really seems that he is undefeatable. I also enjoyed how he
questions loyalty but he doesn't give a damn about the lives of his
henchmen thus being a hard boss to be loyal to. First I didn't like
that muzzle he has over his face but in the film it just merges with
the character and you don't notice it at all. I found nothing wrong
with his voice. Yes, maybe it is a little bit muffled but I found it
quite fun and engaging into the film when you don't understand
everything a character says. I believe that it is no surprise that
Joseph Gordon Levitt is amazing once again. While being extremely gorgeous Anne Hathaway gives one of her best
performances in her career. She funny, witty and sexy, amazing at
kicking asses. Everything Catwoman should be but she is never referred
as Catwoman in the film only as Selina Kyle but trust me it all has a
very good explanation. And of course Christian Bale gives tremendous
performance as Bruce Wayne/Batman. Now that the film is once again
focused on Bruce Wayne Bale has change to show off his acting skills.
That was what was bothering me with The Dark Knight, it wasn't about
Batman. Hans Zimmer this time not working with James Newton Howard doesn't
bring many new tunes to the film. Still the few of new themes as Bane's
or Selina Kyle's are magnificent.Cinematography in this film is absolutely amazing. What is being done
with the camera in some of the chase scenes or the opening scene which
will leave you breathless is just Wow! Wally Pfister deserves an Oscar
for every film he worked on and this time he truly deserves it so I
hope he will win this time.In the end I want to congratulate to the genius of Christopher Nolan
for making this amazing trilogy, for giving us such amazing experiences
with each film and for presenting us with this wonderful take on Batman
which we will never see transformed on screen as breathtaking as from
Christopher Nolan
			
Ever since 'The Dark Knight' was released I was so curious to see how
this all going to end for Bruce Wayne more than the Batman (you cannot
end Batman). The plot still connects to the first and second instalment. That shows
the brilliance of the script writers. Bane as a villain, was a good
performance by Tom Hardy and menacing. After Joker, you cannot better,
at least you have good enough. All the other supporting cast did their
job really well. Christian Bale once again showed what a fantastic
actor he is. Technically the film is brilliant. The vision is really big and wide
from the director and the cinematographer. They came up with some
fantastic mind blowing action sequences. You don't have Batman
appearance often, but when ever he enters I got goose bumps. Music is
fantastic as usual and very appropriate. All the credit should go to Nolan for creating a master piece trilogy
in this genre. He continues he reputation of making film with thrill
and emotion. After Dark Knight, when you know you cannot create a
batter film than that, he was still managed to come up with a film like
this.Overall, Brilliant and very satisfying Finale to Bruce Wayne and the
Batman.
			
The Most Amazing movie in History! It gives you that feeling of want to
see it again and again and again. Really good story, amazing
performances, a stupendous soundtrack and a sensational directing
brings us the best movie of the trilogy (in my opinion). About Bane's
voice, I don't see any problem I understand everything that he says and
it is a amazing voice that i can't forget. Everyone on the cast
performed very well, and the new entrances such like Marion Cotillard,
Tom Hardy, Anne Hathaway and Joseph Gordon-Levitt did a amazing job
bringing this new characters to this last film of Batman. It is not
much to say because it is simply a exuberant film. I know that they
will probably reboot Batman and if they will, all I can say is good
luck to beat this trilogy.
			
Looking on IMDb at the user reviews for Dark Knight Rises and I'm
getting angry at some of the fools who gave it a 1/10 cause it didn't
live up to unreal expectations of the movie. The only reason for a
rating of 1/10 would be if you watched it in the middle of the day,
fell asleep after 30mins of it and woke up with and hour left in it,
watched for another 30 mins and then walked out! It really would have
to bore you so much that it put you to sleep in order for that rating.
But these reviewers watched the whole thing.... Liked the movie as it
was entertaining and then went home and wrote a review that is based on
stupid expectations they had for the movie rather then what they just
saw! IDIOTS!!!! I loved it and I'm a die-hard batman comic book fan. It
had its flaws but based on the directors execution of his vision that
he felt the movie should be I thought it was brilliant. It had the feel
of the 2nd movie! Few plot holes but nothing I'd lose sleep over. Tom
hardy as Bane was a perfect casting. His voice was so cartoonish and
comic booky that it felt more true to comic books then most villains iv
seen brought to the big screen.
			
Today I watched The Dark Knight Rises for the 2nd time. When I watched
it the first time didn't think I should write a review because lots of
people have provided greater reviews with greater views and
perspectives, but then watching again The Dark Knight made me write
this. Nolan has risen above his own par and has yet proved to us that
film making is not only special effects,make ups but far more than that
there is Writer,script,actor,director,lighting etc. He has risen more
from his last movie "The Inception" and hope this rise remains so as we
fans need more greater movies. Some of the dialogs were too superb like
for instance When Selena Kyle disappears from a rooftop, Batman's
remark "So that's what that feels like". The movie even though ended
showing the beginning of Robin era and end of Batman era was a bit too
dramatic for me. Hats off to Nolan and his entire team who worked on
the Trilogy to make a new outlook to batman rather than old series
where Batman always changes from one movie to another and his story is
always the same.
			
I was expecting this movie to be better, than Batman Begins and The
Dark Knight. After watching it today, I can say, it exceeded all my
expectations, I was not disappointed at all, I was more like an excited
little kid, who could watch it over and over again.I just realized, I'm not good at writing critics or reviews but there
are a few misleading posts I would like to clarify."This isn't a Batman movie, more like a Bruce Wayne movie..." there is
no Batman without Bruce Wayne, but Christian Bale did a terrific job on
portraying Batman even without a mask. You'll realize during the movie,
almost every ally or protagonist of Batman will know who the Batman
really is. I'm sure Nolan did this on purpose, and I believe most of
you will agree.I would like to point out two very outstanding actors as well: Michael
Caine and Tom Hardy will leave you memories about their portrayal as
Alfred and Bane, you won't forget for awhile. I feel the rest of the
characters added a lot to the depth of the movie, too, but nowhere as
deep as Alfred and Bane.I don't want to spoil anything, but please make sure you go to the
cinema and you take your friends with you, because this movie is worth
every cent. I'm quite sure this is the best blockbuster of 2012 (if not
that of all time) and you won't regret watching it!
			
Rarely has there been a movie which has had such a huge amount of hype
and expectations burdened on its back.These high expectations generally
weighs a movie down.Fortunatly The Dark Knight Rises Actually rise
above the expectations and delivers what is the most fitting conclusion
to the dark knight legend.Plot-Eight years after the events of The Dark Knight, Gotham City is in
a state of peace.Inevitabley this state of peace is only short lived as
Bane invades Gotham and turns everything into chaos as batman tries to
fight and his own demons,the city of Gotham awaits its fate. The hugely
talented cast gives a stellar performance.I believed that Christian
Bale was overshadowed by Heath ledger in his legendary portrayal of
joker.Not in this one.He portrayed a vulnerable yet defiant
batman,giving full justice to the title,tom hardy as bane is menacing
and a physical specimen,posing a real threat to the batman in strength
department.people need to stop comparing him to the joker,they are to
entirely different characters Anna Hathaway as Selina Kyle is really
intriguing,her anti hero like characters bring some humour to this dark
tale,the rest of the cast Morgan Freeman(Lucius fox),Gary
Oldman(Commissioner Gordon),Joseph Gordon-Levitt(Jhon Blake) all
deliver great performances.Micheal Caine as Alfred really had screen
time to shine and his performance brought a lump in the throat of many.
The action sequences of this movie are an edge of the seat
experience,they are well choreographed,Intense,In my opinion they are
the best of the trilogy Chrisotpher Nolan is a real master of story
telling,the depth of his movies,his characters are really admirable.And
his ability to churn out great films after great films is nothing short
of incredible. The score by Hans Zimmer was good,the
editing,cinematography was top notch,Gotham never looked more
hauntingly beautiful ever. Finally many of us have been asking if it is
as good as the The dark knight,in my opinion this whole trilogy has had
three excellent films which are connected to each other in more than
one way,still they are vastly different form each other,So rather than
asking that is it better than the dark knight we should ask if it
brings the trilogy to a satisfying end,to which my answer is a huge
YES. It is a perfect movie to end the best superhero trilogy
ever.EPIC,AMAZING,EMOTIONAL AND SATISFYING.A MUST WATCH
			
Let me begin with this: to live up to the quality of acting of Heath
would be close to impossible, but Tom hardy as bane brings that
ferociousness that you may have seen in warrior and Bronson. He does as
much acting with his eyes as he does With his voice. The ensemble of
actors at first seems overwhelming but man does it deliver with the
second half. Christopher Nolan is too talented of a director to not
deliver on his epic trilogy. He goes through story well and he shows
control over each seen. The action Definitely isn't overwhelming or
overdone like some may have referenced to transformers. I am a batman
fan boy, but I came into this movie nervous and left very satisfied.
			
Christopher Nolan's "Batman" trilogy that started with "Batman Begins"
back in 2005, continued with 2008's "The Dark Knight", finally
concludes with the arrival of "The Dark Knight Rises". And this
conclusion is a very ambitious, thrilling, exciting, and epic ending to
one of the greatest trilogies of all time. Nolan has transformed the
meaning of superhero films. "The Dark Knight Rises" is no longer a
normal superhero film, it's something beyond that.Not many movie sequels are able to match its predecessors' quality
especially when the bar is so high. When the first entry is excellent,
many sequels fail to match their predecessors' quality. But "The Dark
Knight" on the other hand improved on the already amazing "Batman
Begins". The third entry is even harder. An example is the Godfather
trilogy which faltered with its third installment. But "The Dark Knight
Rises" is different, it manages to meet the high standard set by its
nearly-perfect predecessor.Four years have since the release of "The Dark Knight". But the gap in
the story is double that. Batman has taken the blame for Harvey Dent's
crimes and he has disappeared for eight years since his encounter with
Two-Face. In the process, Gotham is experiencing peace time while Bruce
Wayne has grown during his hiding in Wayne Manor. He's even grown
facial hair and uses a walking stick. Meanwhile, Wayne Enterprises is
falling apart and is on the verge of bankruptcy. However, Gotham faces a new threat, someone who is powerful both
physically and mentally. He is no other than Bane. Equipped with a mask
that supplies him a specific gas to help alleviate the excruciating
pain he sustained years ago, he is one of Batman's most terrifying
adversaries. What helps him become an even more dangerous villain is
the brilliant performance by Tom Hardy. While his performance is no
match for the brilliant performance of the late Heath Ledger, Hardy's
is pleasing in its own right. His menacing voice adds a layer of
tension to whenever he makes an appearance and his body-language
performance is just outstanding. And of course, this Bane is much more
menacing than the Bane we witnessed years ago in "Batman & Robin". "The Dark Knight Rises" starts off slow and the first hour of the film
focuses on Bruce's eventual return as the Dark Knight. The tension
eventually builds up into one of the best climax scenes Hollywood has
ever created. Early on, minor characters get more screen time than they
did before and this includes Alfred, Bruce's loyal butler, and Lucius
Fox, the man behind all of Bruce's devices. We also meet some new
characters, and those include two mysterious but important women whom
we will meet throughout the film. The two women are Selina Kyle and Miranda Tate. Selina Kyle is a
professional cat burglar who is able to steal almost anything. She's
also able to obtain Bruce Wayne's thumb prints. She's also known by her
more famous alias, Catwoman. Her presence in the film ups the tension
and excitement. Anne Hathaway's performance is also amazing as
Catwoman. I didn't think she had what it takes but her performance here
proved me wrong. She was able to portray someone who was charming, sly,
and bad-ass. As for Miranda Tate, she is more than just Bruce's love
interest and Marion Cotillard's performance successfully hides that."The Dark Knight Rises" proves to be the biggest, darkest, and most
epic "Batman" film yet. This is the first time we get to see Gotham in
total chaos. Literally total chaos. Bane unleashes all the criminals
Harvey Dent imprisoned during his time as DA and as a result,
tremendous chaos ensues on the streets. The government is dead, the
rich are robbed of their wealth, Gotham is in anarchy, everyone's life
is at stake, and Gotham is on the verge of destruction while Batman is
preparing to rise for one last stand against Bane. It's also the most
emotional installment of the trilogy as the relationship between Bruce
and Alfred is more damaged than ever. Batman doesn't make many appearances here as he is struggling to rise
but every time he makes an appearance, he does it in spectacular
fashion. His presence on the screen always makes the audiences engaged.
This can be attributed to Christian Bale's outstanding performance as
the Caped Crusader. His 'Bat' voice is more menacing than ever and he
mixes a perfect balance of emotions. The other minor characters were also driven by amazing performances.
Gary Oldman gave his best to portray Commissioner James Gordon. James
Gordon-Levitt also gave a great performance for young cop John Blake.
Michael Caine gave Alfred heart as his relationship with Bruce
deteriorates. Morgan Freeman was stunning as he gave out some laughs as
Lucius Fox. The cast's performances were all very excellent and they
deserve the Oscars. "The Dark Knight Rises" is also the most action-packed movie of the
trilogy. It may be slow at first but it switches to full gear in one of
the most sensational climaxes ever. We get to see Batman fighting in
the daylight. We also see Batman fight to his fullest against Bane as
well as saving Gotham from total annihilation. It's lengthy, it's full
of explosions, casualties, unsuspected revelations, and accompanied
with flawless yet heart-pounding music. All in all, "The Dark Knight Rises" is a beautiful piece of art. It
changes the way people think about superhero films. It changes its
meaning. It's beyond a normal superhero film. The villain is
satisfying, the film is emotional and filled with heart, the
performances are outstanding, and the climax is just brilliant. The
ending of the film does not disappoint either. Christopher Nolan is now
legend and "The Dark Knight Rises" is his magnum opus. Rating: 10/10Final Verdict: "The Dark Knight Rises" is a stunning finale to Nolan's
brilliant "Batman" trilogy and is truly legend.
			
the movie gives you everything you have ever wanted in an ending and
the story.It has a great ending focusing on the Villain Bane with his all up
plans to end Gotham and how massively evil he is showing in the first 6
minutes of this film. Tom Hardy plays Bain fantastically with his voice
that just fits the character he is playing and makes him sound corrupt
ans sinful. although not as good as heath ledger who played the joker,
he is still the mastermind of the destruction of Gotham and Batman!!!The plot becomes more and more interesting with Bruce Wayne, Alfred,
Lucius fox and cat-woman who keeps you guessing until the end, Anne
Hathaway who plays Catwoman is surprisingly amazing. it is also
definitely the best in the whole trilogy.The intensity of the film is great as you think he is about to help
Gotham and save the day it all just turns upside down again.The music is incredible and works with the film and the editing is done
really well. if you haven't seen the two other films you probably
should because they are also amazing and there is stuff in the film
that are needed to know about from the other films.The ending is spectacular and Christopher Nolan gives you want you want
for an ending.
			
After this movie, Christopher Nolan proved to the world yet again why
he is the greatest director ever known to mankind! This movie exceeded
my expectations by miles. I have been a huge batman fanatic ever since
childhood and this has to undoubtedly be the greatest batman movie ever
made! The soundtrack was splendid and at some points in the movie you
could actually feel the hair on your body standing up due to the sheer
intensity of the music! Bane , played by Tom Hardy was brilliant and
the fist fight towards the end of the movie was the best I've ever
seen. Like all his other movies, the climax and the ending scene was
crafted to perfection by Nolan. I'd say the end to the trilogy couldn't
have been made any better. RISE.
			
This review is spoiler free. There are so few films that conclude a story right. The very few I can
think of are The Return of the King, Toy Story 3, Back to the Future
Part 3, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Return of the Jedi. I am
very glad to add The Dark Knight Rises to the list. The reason the
final Harry Potter film is not on that list, is because after watching
both parts of the final film in a row, they feel uneven when viewed
together and the second part grows weak after multiple viewings. The
Dark Knight Rises is what the final Potter should have been like. I usually try not to get too excited for a film. In this day and age, a
movie theater is mostly full of disappointment. But this was different.
I am a Batman fanatic. I always loved him as a kid and Batman Begins
opened up a whole new world for me to dwell in. He is my favorite
fictional hero of all time. So after four years of waiting for this, I
am so happy that this truly is the ending this series deserved. I am not going to reveal plot details. Like most of Christopher Nolan's
films, the less you know going in, the better. Like Nolan's other
films, the cast is fantastic. Christian Bale gives his best performance
of the series as Bruce Wayne and Batman. Michael Caine returns as
Alfred, who will break your heart in one scene. Gary Oldman is still
great as Commissioner Gordon, who has had an excellent character arc in
this series. The new characters are all awesome. Tom Hardy as Bane is
one of the best villain performances I've seen in a long time. His
master plan made my jaw drop. Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays John Blake,
one of the few good cops left in Gotham. Marion Cotillard does well as
supporting character, Miranda Tate. She is not given a lot of screen
time, but she is definitely not a throw away character. My favorite of
the newcomers is Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle/Catwoman. She is perfect
in this role. I thought she really did the character justice and I
think she's the best on screen Catwoman yet. The technical aspects of the film are flawless, like the previous two
films. The cinematography is incredible. If you can, see this film in
IMAX. There is about an hour of the film in the format and it looks
stunning. The action is spectacular and never overdone. The visual
effects are truly incredible. I am so glad that Christopher Nolan
prefers practical effects over CGI. The opening sequence is perhaps one
of the most exciting stunts ever put on film. And the fact that they
really did it, is amazing. Hans Zimmer's score is beautiful and really
adds that extra level of excitement to the film. Even though James
Newton Howard doesn't contribute to the score for this film, Zimmer has
proved to be a really talented composer.I think Christopher Nolan made the right choice to tell his Batman
story in three parts. Looking back on the first two films after seeing
this, it really is a solid beginning, middle and end. After seeing the
Dark Knight, as much as I wanted to see a finale to the story, I was so
unsure of how they could possibly end these films right. Luckily, Nolan
is one of the best directors today and he has certainly given us an
ending of epic proportions. It's the best film series since The Lord of
the Rings. The Dark Knight Rises is not just another summer movie. It
is an event and you should definitely take part in it. I doubt we will
see anything this spectacular in film for a long time.
			
When I walked in to the theater for the pre-screening of The Dark
Knight rises, I expected to find another Christopher Nolan thriller,
with some respectful accents, thanks to Hans Zimmer. What I found? Over
the edge entertainment. I got lost in this movie. Being a filmmaker
myself I deemed it more than I can probably ever accomplish. It was
more worthy than my respect. It was way more than I could expect. An
incredible fountain of thought that did a great job "Closing the book"
if you will, on Christopher Nolan's long, hard work. This movie is a
MUST see. Tom Hardy's portrayal of Bane is really, quite honestly the
perfect villain. (He's even quite competitive with the joker in my
opinion.) Anne Hathaway is superb. Christian Bale is an incredible
"Dark Hero" as always. Gotham is more than worthy of Gary Oldman's
loyalty. And Liam Neeson? Well.. He's just Liam Neeson. All of the
acting is out of this world. The scripting. The sound effects. The
cinematography. The ending..... :). All cast and crew deserve at least
the respect of American movie go-ers, for the creation of this true
masterpiece. Well done... Truly, well done.
			
When I watched the trailers, I knew that Christopher Nolan would make a
perfect movie, the storyline is amazing and will always make you want
to jump of the chair and be in the movie. The movie is long but when it
ends you will wish that it would never end. And the soundtrack it's
just pure adrenalin, it will transform you in Batman. The Dark Knight
had Heath Legder as a perfect Joker but Christopher Nolan managed to
create a villain at the same lever as the Joker. Bane is Mr. muscles
that can kill everyone on his path and the Joker is just evil in
person, two distinct villains that are just perfect. One last thing
Bane's voice is just badass epic.
			
The Dark Knight Rises, as most know, is the finale of Chrisopher
Nolan's Batman trilogy that began with Batman Begins and The Dark
Knight. You have to ask yourself though, is the series plagued? I saw
this in light of recent events with the Colorado shootings and Heath
Ledger's untimely death in 2008.However, The Dark Knight Rises is THE movie to watch in 2012:It features stunning performances from Christian Bale who reprises his
role as the protagonist Batman, Anne Hathaway as Catwomen and namely
Michael Caine's portrayal of Bruce's servant Alfred. Caine gives an
excellent performance in the movie mainly an emotional moment towards
the closing scenes of the film (no spoilers here). Tom Hardy's
performance as the villain Bane arguably competes with Ledger's
performance as The Joker in The Dark Knight, You can feel the terror
that Bane inflicts. The story itself (whilst giving away no spoilers) features plenty of
emotional moments and plot twists galore, 10/10 from this reviewer.Summary: One of the best films this year has scene, definitely beating
The Amazing Spider Man, where Super-Hero movies of 2012 are concerned:
See this movie!
			
I believe that TDKR is the best out of the trilogy, though the BB and
TDK are both excellent, TDKR manages to perfectly capture the essence
of Bruce Wayne and Batman in a way we would probably never see again,
Bale gives a performance which shows just how brilliant an actor he is,
even when most of his face is hidden by the mask, he manages to not
only express the determination and anger of Batman, but also Batman's
anxiety, I felt his performance in TDK became overshadowed by praise
that was heaped upon the late Heath Ledger, but now I hope everyone can
praise him for the brilliant actor he is. I believe the supporting cast
are also great and that no actor was below par, even though it took a
bit of time to adjust to Bane's voice.Christopher Nolan has given us one of the greatest trilogy's of all
time and has finished with a tour de force of a film, which is both
challenging and entertaining, the reliance on stunts and little use of
CGI made the film feel grittier and more intense, while Wally Pfister
has given us in what could be his last film as a DP some of his finest
work and that chant which is heard when Bane approaches will forever
send a chill down my spine no matter how many times I see it. TDKR
managed to surpass my expectations, every minute of it was worth
watching.Lastly I just want to send my condolences to the victims, as well as
their family and friends, of the tragic event in Colorado, may they
rest in peace.
			
This review is for IMDb only. Any other websites that host this review
will have it removed immediately.I don't normally write reviews for IMDb, but I feel like contributing
to the great community here. I publish most of my reviews on youtube if
you want to watch them here -> http://www.youtube.com/user/natdude101?
feature=mheeBatman is a character that film has been nice to. Great films from the
late 80's/early 90's, wonderful animated films and an extremely
successful reboot of the franchise in the 2000's. While he has seen his
dark days (no pun intended), everyone knows that Batman is a profitable
character. The Dark Knight Rises seems to follow it's successors having
already broke many records. But no matter how much money a movie makes,
it can still suck. Many wonder whether or not to watch film and with
this review I hope to help people make the decision to see TDKR.TDKR starts off strong. The plot opens up 8 years after the events of
the previous movie where Harvey Dent is a hero and Bruce Wayne is a
crippled shut in. The opening is a bit slow and possibly slower than
most people would expect from such a action-heavy film, but it does
pick up after the first 45 minutes. The casting for the film is
excellent. The returning cast featuring Bale, Oldman, Caine and Freeman
all make a wonderful cast. The new people also leave an impression.
Hardy and Hathaway steal the show as the villain/anti-hero and
Gordon-Levitt does a great job as the new cop on the force. I feel like
this film has more a focus on the entire ensemble rather than a
featured star (Batman in Batman Begins and The Joker in The Dark
Knight). The plot is also well written and provides an excellent ending
to the dark knight trilogy.The Cinematography is breathe-takingly beautiful. Many scenes have been
shot with an imax camera and that extra effort has helped make the film
all the more amazing. Action scenes look especially good. The special
and visual effects also look good, but the film doesn't rely on them to
work. Unlike the other super-hero movie release of July, TDKR is able
to stand on it's own without the special effects. The soundtrack is
very well-written. Composer Hans Zimmer has done an excellent job again
creating a haunting and beautiful soundtrack to accompany this film.
The sound editing and mixing is one of the few problems I have with the
film, while it's usually excellent, the beginning has a few problems as
it's very hard to understand Hardy due to his mask.The Script is very well written and brings together an excellent theme
of pain and sacrifice. Nolan has once again outdone himself with
directing this picture. Fight scenes are perfectly choreographed.
Camera angles are set perfectly. Every line is delivered with the
perfect amount of intensity and passion. The only question left is, how
in the world has this world-class director not won an academy award?Overall, TDKR is one of the best films of the year. Everything works so
well and if you'll excuse some of the minor problems in the beginning,
you'll find an excellent film that builds to one of the most satisfying
endings in all of film. I highly recommend it.
			
One of the greatest films of all time put a fantastic closing onto one
of the greatest trilogies of all time. From start to finish, it was
intoxicating. Timed in at 2 hours and 45 minutes, I felt like that time
flew by. Dark Knight Rises was a much deeper film that the previous two
in terms of emotions and back-story. I kept thinking to myself how
could they possibly top Heath Ledger's legendary Joker and the Dark
Knight. I didn't think it was possible until about 3:45 Friday morning.
I walked out of the theater blown away and in awe at what Christopher
Nolan and the cast just accomplished. Now a lot of people are bashing
it because Bane wasn't like he was in the comic or it was too long or
too predictable. To those people I say, what drugs are you on? It isn't
based on the comics at all Tom Hardy made Bane his own, and is one of
the best-played villains since the Joker. Those who keep comparing Hardy's Bane, to Heath Ledgers' Joker, I say
you can't even compare the two roles or two villains. While I thought
Hardy's Bane was fantastic and the perfect villain to closes out the
trilogy, Heath Ledger's Joker was the single greatest villain
performance ever, hands down, no questions asked. Heath Ledger is the
Joker. He put his whole life into that role becoming the sadistic,
psychopath we all know at the Joker. And sadly that role ended up being
his life and eventually led to his death. That in itself puts his role
on an untouchable pedestal. People keep lingering on this, and take it
out on Hardy and the Dark Knight Rises. The Dark Knight was an
incredible piece of work put over the top by Ledger's Joker and his
death from that role. That being said, The Dark Knight Rises is an incredible masterpiece.
This movie is one of the greatest of all time because on the phenomenal
acting on all cylinders. Anne Hathaway, Christian Bale, Morgan Freeman,
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Gary Oldman, Marion Cotillard, Michael Caine and
Tom Hardy, have to be one of the best casts ever. Hathaway as Selina
Kyle/Catwomen blew me away. When I first heard she was casted for the
role I was a little unsure. Now, she hands down is the best Catwomen
ever. She provided an unbelievable amount of sexiness for the role
without having to be half-naked. But my favorite part was the emotion
you could see in her eyes when she as Catwomen led Batman to Bane.
Christian Bale (Bruce Wayne/Batman) and Morgan Freeman (Fox) are their
normal fantastic selves, even though they didn't have near the same
amount of screen time as The Dark Knight. Tom Hardy and Marion
Cotillard were great for what they were asked to do. Anyone asked to
follow up Ledger's performance in the Dark Knight had a near impossible
task and those two were great. Gary Oldman was his good old self again.
While young blood Joseph Gordon-Levitt was the perfect man for the job
as the young, ambitious rookie detective. The man who I thought took it
over and beyond for the final installment was Michael Caine as Alfred.
In the previous two films, he was always there for Bruce Wayne/Batman,
but in this film he had to be overwhelmed with emotion and sadness. His
emotion at the end seemed true and real, as if he really lost family
and failed a friend. This movie should runaway with awards and accolades when it's
nominated. It was a truly fantastic film that blew every expectation I
had. Even though I loved The Dark Knight and more specifically Ledger's
Joker, The Dark Knight Rises as a whole is a true masterpiece. Without
Ledger's Joker the Dark Knight is an average film at best. No one else
could do what he did for that character. The Dark Knight Rises seems to
fly on all cylinders those not relying on one person to carry the film.
Even though they left it kind of up in the air at the end, it needs to
be left alone. The only way I'd accept another installment or even a
spin-off is if Christian Bale is Batman and the Nolan brothers are
running the show. Otherwise let it be, and don't tarnish a truly great
end to and incredible series.
			
The Dark knight Rises, was in some ways, the perfect ending to a great
trilogy. This $250,000,000 action filled creation of Nolan is a perfect
testimony of his sheer genius and imagination. The only possible reason
it cannot be termed as ground breaking is because the grounds were
already broken in 2008 by "The Dark knight". This movie was as spell
bounding as its predecessor. Massive in its scope and breath-taking in
its conception, the Dark Knight Rises explores the character of Bruce
Wayne a.k.a The Batman in the backdrop of a now peaceful Gotham. It is
set 7 years after the death of Harvey Dent. Bruce Wayne is shown as a
man who is broken, both physically and spiritually by the antics of the
Joker. Christopher Nolan with his portrayal of the masked crusader has
done a superb job of showing us the anguish and struggles Batman was
going through. On one hand Bruce was still broken by the death of
Rachel and on the other his Gotham city was threatened by Bane (Tom
Hardy). Apart from challenges Batman had to face ,Bruce Wayne also had
to bear the brunt of a bad investment in a clean energy project.
Subsequent events led him to bankruptcy. The movie is about these
challenges Bruce faces and how he has to find a balance in life and
rise from the darkness that surrounded him. The Portrayal of Bane was
done superbly by Tom Hardy, as an insane mercenary whose only aim was
destruction of Gotham. There is also a connection between Bane and
Bruce which is later revealed in the movie. The ever faithful Alfred
(Michael Caine) and Mr Fox (Morgan Freeman) who always had Bruce's back
do so again. Their prime task was to put forth the difficult questions
which Bruce had to answer, questions pertaining to his past and future.
And the cat women played by Anne Hathway was a character who had her
own set of moral values, but at the end of the day she plays an equally
important part in the future of Gotham city.In the most elemental sense The Dark Knight Rises is about the fight
between good and evil. What is amazing is the execution of the movie
and the flawless way Nolan explores the character of Batman. And a word
of praise should be given for the music which gives the viewer a rush
of adrenaline during some unforgettable scenes. Shot in 5 difference
countries this multimillion masterpiece is undoubtedly the crown jewel
of Nolan's Batman Trilogy.
			
After watching The Dark Knight four years ago, I immediately wondered
how Nolan could top it. Inception came two years later and showed me
that we were in for a treat with the third Batman movie. Naturally,
with a film this hotly anticipated, reviews were bound to come in thick
and fast. Being Nolan, everyone was expecting near flawless reviews,
but that didn't happen. While the ratings have been very high, it just
hasn't seemed high enough for a film we all hoped would be better than
the Dark Knight.The film begins with a magnificent mid-air set piece that will
literally leave your jaw on the ground. It is even more amazing when
you discover that CGI was not used, but rather, real stunts men. Right
at that moment, you realise that you're in for a treat.When the focus shifts to Gotham, we witness a city at peace, one where
the police literally have nothing to do. Bruce Wayne is a recluse who
never ventures from the confines of his Mansion, even when hosting a
party. But things change very quickly after he encounters a cunning cat
burglar who intrigues him.This movie had a lot to live up to in regards to villains. Heath
Ledger's role was one of the most sinister performances in a super hero
film. In Bane, however, we have a completely different kind of nemesis
for Batman. The Joker was a sociopath with no reason for his obsession
with Anarchy. He answered to no one and just wanted to see the world
burn.Bane, however, has a deeper reasoning for his desire to spread carnage
across Gotham, one you will enjoy discovering during the course of the
movie. While his performance is more about body language and
expressions than pure acting, he is mesmerising. You really feel
genuine fear for Batman when he comes up against this behemoth of a
man. It's a fascinating duel of brawn in contrast to the duel of the
mind between the Dark Knight and the Joker.The Dark Knight Rises is not your typical super hero affair. It is
rather bleak in comparison to the more upbeat alternatives. While
watching Bane carry out his diabolical plans for Gotham, it's
surprising just how far the film allows him to go. At one point, I
thought Gotham would actually get destroyed.It's easy to see that this was Nolan's biggest budget, for the action
is at times, breathtakingly relentless. The movie erupts into scenes of
carnage when approaching its conclusion; I for one was on the edge of
my seat. When the movie wrapped, I immediately realised why some have
been critical, it is quite different from the previous film, but it had
to be.The Dark Knight was to the trilogy, what The Empire Strike Back was to
Star Warsthe setting for the grandstand finishand this movie rounds
it off quite spectacularly. Emotional, thought-provoking and utterly
unforgettable, The Dark Knight Rises concludes possibly the best
super-hero trilogy of all time. Absolutely Brilliant.
			
Desi desi basara basara...desi desi basara basara. I loved the chanting
throughout the movie. This movie will blow you away. Nolan has done it
again and this time better. It couldn't be a spectacular end to an immortal saga. People say that
the third outing is always tricky as there is lot of pressure to
present a convincing plot for the audience in a way that the trilogy
culminates into one phenomenal celluloid experience. Nolan has
undoubtedly, outdone himself with his latest film which also happens to
be the last in the Batman franchise.Every character in this movie have given there best performances till
date. Hans Zimmer's magical music is still giving me goosebumps. This
is the best Superhero film i've seen. Nolan's twist can be felt in the
movie which will always keep you on the edge of your seat. Its a Must
Watch movie..not only once but many a times. Take a bow Christopher
Nolan.Desi Desi Basara basara!!!!
			
the best movie in the series!! in fact the best movie ever created!!
perfect entertainment for 2 hours and 45 Min's!! a brilliant story with brilliant execution!! Nolan has outdone
himself again!! a spectacular end to a masterpiece series !! don't give
a damn to those critics who made a fool of themselves by by giving
negative reviews....there can never be a better movie than this nor a
better ending to the series!! god bless Nolan for this masterpiece :')!! its a must watch movie for everybody!! it'll make you proud for
being a batman fan!!thank you SO much Nolan for this gift :)
			
To start with just one word - Magnificent? Awesome? Epic? Flawless?
Well in this case all of them! Nolan truly outdid himself this time,
more than what he did with The Dark Knight in 2008.After being fortunate to attend a special premier screening before the
rest of the world, for the entire duration of the movie I was just
glued to my seat without giving a dam what was happening anywhere else.
Right from the opening credits till the end, the movie was just mind
blowing. They plot is simply awesome, one of the best stories ever told, and
certainly for a comic book movie - a cool adaptation of the graphic
novels of The Dark Knight Returns and No Man's Land and of course from
the Knightfall story arc. Being a comic book fan I got blown away as
the movie continued and each time the entire place went in an uproar.
If you have read the comics one would love it even more, otherwise the
plot is so well written with so much twists, humour at well unexpected
places and great moments that anyone would be blown away. Action - now this is the other major part. As having more than an hour
of IMAX shooting, the movie truly lives up to its Action and War film
genres. Despite sitting for ~3 hour it felt the movie got over very
soon. Such is the intensity you can hope to be totally hooked into. Acting was a class apart. Tom Hardy's Bane was indeed terrifying living
up to his reputation; Gary Oldman's Gordon, Joseph Gordon-Levitt's
Blake and Michael Cain's Alfred were very well made characters,
emotional and core to the plot. Anne Hathaway made a really cool
Catwoman, her screen time was full of awesome moments. And lets not
forget the main Batman, Bale's BEST performance yet.Hans Zimmer also really outdid himself like Nolan in terms of the music
score.So the conclusion is: 10/10The most common and sort of obvious debate will be The Dark Knight vs.
The Dark Knight Rises. Well I'd say I love both the movies, but saying
one "better" than the other is not exactly right, rather I would say
The Dark Knight Rises is bigger and more grand. Hope that helps. One of
the best movies in decades literally. MUST watch.
			
it concluded one of the best trilogies of super heroes of all time (but
batman doesn't have powers), good acting specially (Michael Caine and
Gary Old-man) , photography, story and all (batman's bat ship design
--good art) I resume the trilogy points like this the first one is about fear, the
second one is about hope and the last one is about redemption or
reborn; all this in one hero PLot: Robin origins, this robin has dignity than the others in other
versions like Batman and robin, some cameos, the connection with middle
east (reality?) However I'm afraid about the reboot that precedes
Justice league
			
I was a bit skeptical about the film mostly because the majority of
prequels do awfully terrible. But I was shocked when I saw the trailers
because in the eyes of the previews, the film looked AMAZING! When I
discovered which comic books the film's plot is based on, my
anticipation grew! When I finally sat down in the theater at the
midnight premiere and finally saw the film after waiting four years, I
was shocked on how AMAZING it was put together and how big the size and
scale was. It was phenomenal to see most of the film shot in 70mm IMAX
and to see NYC as a stand in for Gotham City.The casting selection was phenomenal and Tom Hardy brings Bane to a
very menacing and realistic approach. The musical score (once again
composed by Hans Zimmer) was incredible and introduced a bit of new
themes, but still stayed true to the score from both BB & TDK.As for the film's storyline, I felt it was very well crafted together!
I liked how they have great continuity with the ending of TDK. The
storyline overall was really good, and they did an awesome job with
bringing it full circle and bringing it to a final conclusion.Great job to Christopher Nolan as well as the cast and crew for
delivering the BEST Batman trilogy ever made!
			
I was thinking of one thing when i was travailing to go and see The
Dark Knight Rises- Will it live up to my expectations? And the answer
to this is very simple- No, it went beyond my expectations. This film
is simply a masterpiece. I love everything about it, the acting is
amazing, the writing is amazing, the story is amazing, the characters
are amazing, the fights and effects are amazing, the music is amazing,
is is all amazing. I will not put spoilers in this review. Lets start
out with who the best character is in my opinion, this may sound corny
but to me it is Bruce Wayne, the story revolves around him and his
demons when it comes to the batman, the conversations he has with
Alfred are so good that it makes you feel what trauma he is going
through and how in some strange way he can't be batman or he will
die... soon. The villain Bane is incredibly menacing with an almighty
stance and a terrifying voice, and if you hear anyone saying his
motivation is unclear, do not believe them. His motivation is revealed
near the end of the film and it is truly great. The film does a great
thing by linking more things back to Batman Begins rather then The Dark
Knight, don't get me wrong i love The Dark Knight, but the
psychological aspect of Batman Begins is really good, and having the
final film in the trilogy go back to its roots is a great idea.
Catwoman is ported by Anne Hathaway brilliantly in this film, she does
a great ob from switching from scared and frightened to a bad ass who
could easily beat her wait out of her situation, Since she is running
from Bane, we do get to see the character as something new- scared, not
wimpy scared but silently scared as she knows who and what Bane is, and
she will do anything go get away from him, and there is a little spark
between Batman and Catwoman. The Story is everything people could want-
dark, intense, cool, action packed, psychological and thats to name a
few. To sum up. This film is a masterpiece, and it shows what can be
achieved with fantastic writing, directing, acting, music and setup,
this film took a long time to come out but believe me it is worth the
wait. This is my all time favourite of the Dark Knight Trilogy. And it
is one of my all time favourite films. Go and see this film people, and
witness the Rise of The Dark Knight.
			
Director Christopher Nolan's epic "The Dark Knight Rises" opens with a
breathtaking aerial display as skydivers propel into the vertical
aircraft fuselage. No CGI here. You can also feel the impact as
Christian Bale's Batman trades vicious martial arts blows with the
muscled monstrosity Bane, terrifying muzzled Tom Hardy. However, the
Dark Knight truly rises in the quiet humanity of the authentic
relationship of Bruce Wayne (Bale) and his guardian Alfred, played by
Michael Caine. Intentionally becoming the reclusive martyr for the good
of Gotham City, lonely broken Bruce confesses to Alfred, "There is
nothing for me out there." Caine is mesmerizing as he tells the story
of when Bruce was missing for 7 years that he would travel to Florence
every year hoping to glimpse Bruce at peace in his life. Everyone
deserves to find that modicum of peace in life, including the hero.
What is the karma of the hero? This pursuit resonates in Christopher
Nolan's cinematic parable. "The Dark Knight Rises" completes this amazing trilogy, and is the
distinct end of the hero's journey for Bruce Wayne. Nolan said, "Every
great story deserves a great ending." Chris Nolan has done so on a
massive scale, that is so eloquent and personal in catharsis. He
leverages the classics quoting Dickens, "It is a far, far better thing
that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better resting place
that I go to, than I have ever known." Nolan brilliantly comes full
circle in the hero mythology. I have read several critic reviews
praising "The Dark Knight Rises" that understates Christian Bale. To be
clear: Christian Bale is powerful. The amazing actor makes "The Dark
Knight Rises" satisfying and complete. In the story by Nolan, Jonathan Nolan, and David S. Goyer, 8 years has
passed since "The Dark Knight". Batman framed himself for District
Attorney Dent's murder, making himself a vigilante fugitive.
Commissioner Gordon, played with tortured gravitas by Gary Oldman,
reluctantly furthers the conspiracy for the greater good. Bale's Bruce
is a hollowed man, nearly crippled from his injuries and suffering a
broken heartthe love of his life murdered. In the Batman mythology,
Bruce created Batman as a symbol to inspire others, to be incorruptible
and immortal. The paradox was that Batman also was born out of Bruce's
story of his powerlessness as a child to prevent his parents' brutal
murder. Bale captures Bruce's anger and emptiness beneath the charming visage.
Here Nolan creates Bruce's younger reflection in charismatic and
intense Joseph Gordon-Levitt as police officer John Blake. This is the
unfamiliar Bruce Wayne, whose soul seems more ravaged than his body.
Blake believes in heroes; he believes in Batman. Bale brilliantly hints
at the fire within Bruce, waiting for a cause. He tragically inhabits a
man who fears life, more than death. Strong and compassionate Anne
Hathaway as Selina Kyle pleads with Batman, "You've given them
everything!" Bruce says, "Not everything. Not yet..." Every great hero story is defined by a great villain. That is Bane. Tom
Hardy is awesome as the nearly indestructible Bane. Hardy put on 30
pounds of muscle to play the ferocious Bane. He is sheer force. Bane is
the enigmatic bald hulk with a mask that treats the unbearable pain of
an unspeakable injury. The mask distorts his voice, sounding like Darth
Vader. At times it is incoherent; however Hardy's commanding intentions
are distinct. Bane is the paid terrorist, who was excommunicated from
the League of Shadows, the Ninja Clan that also trained Bruce. Their
mentor was Ra's Al Ghul (charismatic Liam Neeson). Nolan strokes Bane
as more anarchist than mercenary. The merciless Bane is strangely
noble. Perhaps, the difference between the hero and the villain lies in
the choices he made?Nolan's exposition is as ambitious as the action and visuals. He
viscerally paints the post 911 world on the tipping point of economic
collapse, fear, and class warfare. He also incorporates storyline with
Wayne Industries' shelved fusion project for clean sustainable energy
source that gets turned sideways. Enter Miranda Tate (beautiful and
mysterious Marion Cotillard), Wayne Board member, who has a strong
attraction for the reclusive Wayne. Anne Hathaway as sleek cat burglar Selina Kyle steals Bruce's valued
keepsake and something invaluable tied to the shadowy conspiracy that
ultimately leads to Bane. Intrigued Bruce enrolls CEO Lucius Fox (solid
Morgan Freeman) to get him back into the game. Their bond has morphed
into an unspoken caring. Hathaway is stunning. Though she is never
called Cat Woman in the movie, she looks amazing in the skin tight
leather, and kicks martial arts butt. The weird part, her mastery in
kickboxing and Aikido is never explained. Beneath the bravado, Hathaway
displays a tender soul. The hero always sees and believes the best in
people. Bale and Hathaway have that quality, and that belies Nolan's
poignant theme of redemption. "The Dark Knight Rises" is the best movie of the year. Christopher
Nolan and Christian Bale are awesome. The epic journey of the hero
comes to an end, and we are inspired. All is complete.
			
I can't praise Christopher Nolan enough. What he has done with his Dark
Knight Trilogy is simply breathtaking. I don't know what I can say
about this film that hasn't already been said, but I feel obligated to
share my praises.This film keeps you under it's spell from beginning to end. That is
hard to find in a one and a half hour film these days. This film is
almost 3 hours long. Batman's journey in this trilogy has been a tough,
dark one. I have been a major Batman fan my whole life and was as giddy
as a school girl with the many Batman universe references. The acting
was superb from everyone involved. Michael Cane deserves an Oscar nom
for his portrayal as Alfred. I could feel his emotion for Bruce with
every scene he had. Tom Hardy as Bane was terrifying. A major departure
from the last Bane we saw in a Batman film. Christian Bale will forever
be my image of the Batman. I think it would be nearly impossible to top
his version of the hero. Everyone else was great too but I must make
known my feelings for Catwoman. Anne Hathaway definitely made the
character her own. We can't compare her to Michelle Pfiffer. Pfiffer's
Catwoman was a very different one than Anne's. I was concerned when I
heard Anne was taking the role, but all my concerns flew out the window
when she walked on screen (And they should have because Anne has proved
herself many times). She gave Catwoman heart and you cared for her as
the story progressed.The only gripe that I have with the film is that a couple times, the
editing seemed weird. You'd be watching a scene and then it would cut
to another scene for someone to speak one line, then go back. I'm sure
since the movie was pushing three hours they had a difficult time
editing it. I guess I shouldn't even call that a gripe as it takes
nothing away from this masterpiece of a film. I was very curious to see
how Nolan would end this trilogy. I didn't think he'd let me down, and
let me down he did not! It was perfect!Wait, I do have a complaint... this trilogy is over. Sigh.
			
First things first. Refresh yourselves with Batman Begins as the plot
contains key elements from the first movie of Nolan's Batman reboot.
One more thing, do not dare compare it with The Dark Knight, because
that might let you tiny bit down. Otherwise, the movie is a brilliantly
crafted conclusion and leaves you with that feeling you get when you're
leaving the theater after a great movie. For a stretching 164 minutes, the pace never drops down even with the
most emotional and monotonous scenes. Just when you thought, "God, what
is happening?" the genius storyteller surprises you and all you can say
is, "Man, that was something!" And in the end it's worth watching that
long, arduous journey of a retired Batman. If anything, you feel why
isn't there more of it.Performance wise Bale has outdone himself. In previous movies, he
transformed from an eccentric billionaire into a vigilante and then
into a dark, silent and a watchful protector. Here he gives his
everything to an aging Batman who is tested to his very core by a
villain for whom he's no match. One of the scenes where he's attempting
to get out of an under ground prison just gives you goosebumps.Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman and Gary Oldman return to their
respective roles with both Alfred and Lucius trying to convince Bruce
Wayne into what they think is the best for him. The bond of Alfred and
Bruce turns a bit emotional, in fact the movie is all about that human
aspect of a superhero.Hathaway's Selina Kyle brings that missing element to the table with a
sparkling chemistry with Bale and some mysterious motives. Marion
Cotillard is Miranda Tate, an investor who tries to persuade Bruce to
make use of his wealth to better the world.Hardy's Bane is an incredible presence, right from the beginning(though
not as good as the joker). He's fierce with his hulking size, his mask
which helps him manage his pain and an amplified Darth Vader like
voice. He is the physical test which the Batman fails for the first
time in the trilogy. He literally breaks the Batman, as all the comic
lovers would have read("Break you!!").Gordon-Levitt is another new entry into the franchise in the role of a
pro Batman cop John Blake. He empathizes with Wayne as both of them are
orphans and by the climax it seems he might even reprise the role in a
spin-off.Set on the backdrop of a french-revolution-cum-Charles-Dickens
scenario, the city is on verge of an apocalypse. Every bridge to the
outside world is blown off and the rich and the privileged are tried
publicly with exile or death as their only options. A great Background
score from Hans Zimmer means you'll be on your toes all the times. As
if all this wasn't enough, the emotional climax will but sweep you off
your feet. Nolan has mastered this art of leaving the audience with an
awe and add to that some amazing cinematography, 72 minutes worth of
IMAX shots and some swash-buckling actions sequences.I say go for it, it's all you've been waiting for and more!
			
I rented this movie not knowing what to expect but WHOA was I in for a
treat!For anyone who, like myself, was waiting for a good movie that combined
horror and sci fi, it is time to rejoice because the wait has finally
ended. Writing, acting, filming and directing - all top notch. I hate
to admit it, but I actually cried at one point (when Dracula was
talking to the crippled guy). Truly an emotional roller-coaster from
start to finish. The corridors of the ship provided the perfect spooky
setting for this tale and the actors were really able to make their
fear come alive to me. And Coolio as a vampire....very nice!And believe me....as great as the bulk of the movie was...the ending
will BLOW YOU AWAY! I know this movie gets a lot of flack on this site
for some reason but I know NONE of you saw the ending coming.
Brilliant!
			
Personally, I rented Dracula 3000 after having a conversation about
terrible horror movies with a coworker. I knew what I was getting
myself into. And I LOVE the campy excellence of this movie.True, there are lines like "I want to ejaculate all over your
bazonkas." and the majority of the movie focuses on racism (even
though, as shown by the many communist flags, everyone is now 'equal').And, true, even though it's the year 3000, their space suits consist of
gas masks and outrageous clothing and they have not yet figured out the
wonder of bluetooth head sets. (And, excuse me, who in their right mind
would wear leather pants in space? Seriously!)And, true, the characters were completely 2-D. You have the overly
cocky captain. The brainless navigation leader. The wheelchair bound
professor. The perpetually stoned genius. The big, beefy black man. And
the vice captain who can't be bothered to put on clothes and keeps
trying to persuade people to get in her pants while seeming offended
when they actually try.The premise is equally ridiculous. Vampires in outer-space. I'm waiting
for the sequel to be robot vampires. I feel like that could go
somewhere. And I'm pretty sure they spent an entire production day
filming "Dracula" and the blonde's characters running around the ship
as ridiculously as possible. Because most of the footage seemed to be
them. Running around the ship as ridiculously as possible.Despite the terrible, horrible, mind-numbing quality of this movie, I
felt compelled to give it a 10/10. Because of about 30 seconds of
footage.If you're brave enough (or reckless enough) to risk brain loss and
possible death via boredom, watch this movie. Stick it out, and don't
stop it when the credits start rolling. The best part is yet to come.
:)
			
This movie had a similar effect on me as 2001. A space Odyseey, i was
sitting 10 minutes silent in front of the screen. I just couldn't
believe that what i saw was a movie. While 2001. was one of the
greatest experience that i had with cinema this was one of the most
memorable. The movie is by far the worst film i have seen. Everything
in it is as bad as it gets. Story, special effect, set design, makeup,
directing and above all acting. It all looks like a bunch of kids who
got high and went out to an abandoned factory to make a movie. I wont
even go into the story, i just can't be told it MUST be seen. I can't
believe that Darrell Roodt is still being hired as an director and
Casper van Dien as an actor after this. Oldough the try too bring out
the worst performance the can give, they just can't do that because the
supporting cast steals the show. Coolio should have gotten an Oscar for
his performance, and the brilliant Udo Kier would put Kevin Costner in
JFK to shame.The ending is the most brilliant thing someone ever
thougth of making, that is what makes the movie work. This movie is
just a MUST SEE for all people who enjoy BAD MOVIES, for the rest of
the people who have at least seen one movie in their life this movie
should be of-limit. If they see it they will never be the same. I know,
I was there!!!
			
What else can i say. I had to watch this movie 4 times in a row and
then call my doctor because i had an erection lasting more than 4
hours. this is the most beautiful piece of cinematography i have ever
had the joy of watching. I wept solid gold tear at the ending while
simultaneously understanding the meaning of life. If you have ever had
problems buying Christmas presents for friends, family, coworkers, or
homeless people your problems are solved. There isn't any gift on this
earth that can make them as happy as this film. listen, after all this i need to come clean about this film: it's the
greatest piece of cinema you or any sentient creature will ever see. if
i had one wish, it would be that everyone would watch this movie at
least once and we would never have to worry about war ever again.if everyone were to see this film world hunger would be solved. As a great man once said "I'D BUY THAT FOR A DOLLAR" I would pay a
dollar for every second of this film maybe even 2 dollars. TEN OUTA TEN
			
This is a gorgeous tale of taboo and innuendo in the grim and
mechanical world of science fiction. Dracula is fabulously portrayed in foppish Victorian manner; I was SO
glad to see this fashion endure into the next century. Very metrosexual
sophisticate! Delicate, yet manly. Candy pink lip gloss will never die!Of course, Dracula has a thing for Coolio...WHO DOESN'T? Someday, I too hope to have Coolio dancing and slinking at my feet, in
skintight, futuristic leather... calling me "Master," and asking how he
can serve me.The naughty things he said to the vinyl-clad she-male just made me
melt. (sigh...)I recommend this for anyone who has ever fantasized about space
vampires or Coolio.
			
I let start with the following: I find it very cheap to call Van
Helsing or Mina (Harker) badly developed personages. For example
Abraham, totally disregarding previous Dracula-vampire shows, where I
can laugh my buns off at something as Zombie Cop(1990). Thus this film
is simply the best ever. Top-notch horror, best of it's genre, etc.
etc. Why does this film deserve such praise? Go ahead and ask. For
example: It's nice to see the usually refined Coolio playing a
hot-headed vampire, and he is perfection in his part; as a vampire he
is simply frightening and for the first time in the History of Cinema,
Bela Lugosi is given a run for his money. Others ("Arnie", FearDotCom)
are always second fiddle, and if not, he pretends to be clever (what is
second fiddle again), ending in another catastrophe.. Not so, Coolio.
The same also applies to T3: Rise of the Machinery: the robotstige
blondine would fare better as an extra on Baywatch. Put it on HBO,
then? No, Thanks anyway. In this film nothing can be predicted, NEVER.
This movie is not for young children, either, and probably not for most
adults - but if you're a fan of the kind of "mindf**k" that films such
as "The Blair Witch Project" provide you will thoroughly enjoy this
film. Can the rest of the crew remain a safe distance from the claws of
this sanguinary space vampire?somethat inspired by Michael Jacksons
"Thriller" where a heck of "Heinos" (Germanys famous "folk singer" with
white hair and dark glasses), coming out of their graves? Those of
superior intellect will walk away knowing that this experience was not
an instructional cookbook for Blade II clones but rather the portrayal
of the same kind of quiet madness that stalks us daily in the form of
Aryan Nation activists and Anti-Semites.See it on DVD, then are you just as frightened that your DVD-speler
could damage this plastic disc sometimes... Beside many vampire
stereotypes and a hodge-podge of films such as Alien, (THE JUROR comes
to mind) seem to be on autopilot all the time.. Dracula 3000 is for
sure another feather in Coolio's cap. It's a rap! (good pun!) "Dracula
3000" is one of the greatest thriller classics of the New Millinium and
after it the vampire genre hasn't been quite the same anymore..For a film from 2004 there are regularly many filmgrains that can be
detected, which indicates that for this edit few filmcans have been
pulled open. Furthermore, happily, no considerable picture artefacts.
Concerning the sound a dolby track can be chosen, Digital 2.0 or 5.1
(448 kb/s). 5.1 The track ensures extra ambiance by sending impact
sounds to the hindmost speakers. Both tracks have been well looked
after. The subtitles stand too high in picture. That, I find personally
marring. The real Count Orlock cq. Dracula is rolling in his travelling
box at the mentioning of the lack of extras and the totally wrong
packaging. Hence, no tenth star.Rest in peace, Mr. Dracula. They know not what they do. Dracula 3000 is
actually a lovable dwarfs movie! It probably will attract the "old"
Orlok-Fans and the new young ones. As could be seen at the premiere:
Kids love him and his cast. It isn't a joke-joke-joke-movie, but
actually a nice comedy for families.
			
My only problem with this movie is that you did not get to see Jugs
naked. Granted, she's definitely been in a few adult entertainment
films in her day.The movie itself was pure brilliance. For all you suckers that bashed
this movie, you deserve to eat sh*t and die. Twice the sucking power?
There definitely IS a word to describe the masterpiece of cinema known
as Dracula 3000, it's called SCRUMTRALESCENT. Yes, I said
it...SCRUMTRALESCENT! It may not have scared me much but i certainly
peed my pants from laughter. Casper Van Diem...WHy is he not in more
movies? Kicks the crap out of Keanu. Casper your my Neo. Tiny Lister, i
enjoyed your package comment and blackness. I couldn't quite tell who
you were looking at most the movie, but thats okay...you got some.After seeing this movie i must say i stocked up on pool cues, and
pleasure bots. Though this divine visual experience lacks a plot and
climax and a reasonable budget it brought me to tears.To recap..Great movie! Anyone and Everyone should not read any other
reviews but this one and see the movie.Jimmy Umba Di Umba I salute you!
			
This is the best example I have ever seen of a movie "so bad that it is
good." There are two reasons: first, it is a really, really, awful
film. Second, it is so damn cheap, and the script so bad, that it turns
out hilarious. What I can't figure out is how they managed to cast such
prominent people in this total stink-bomb of a film.I mean, Coolio and Erika Eleniak do not have any Oscars, I grant you,
but this film was so cheap it looks like a college film project.Plot: in the far future, Captain Von Helsing and his crew of
interstellar scrap collectors run across the drifting derelict Demeter,
a cargo ship, in the Carpathean System. Its only cargo is coffins!
Well, the crew gets trapped aboard Demeter, and they are all get turned
into blood-thirsty vampires wearing red "crazy eyes." Count Dracula is
about, and he is still dressed like a 19th Century Rumanian noble.Why did I like this movie? Well, have you ever heard of a director
named Ed Wood, and his film "Plan Nine From Outer Space?" Plan Nine was
so awful and so cheaply made, that it has become a cult favorite.
People cannot believe how bad it is. D3k is kind of the same way. The
costumes and sets are so cheap, it boggles the mind. At one point Tiny
Lister enters a ship in a full breathing mask (composed of a WWII-era
gas mask and a length of 1 cm polyvinyl tubing), but his "space suit"
is an undershirt. The interstellar cargo vessel is set in an old, 1940s
era factory.What gets me is that they managed to cast real actors in this film. It
looks like they did it as an amusement. I can't imagine anyone expected
to bring in any royalties from this thing.Ex-rapper Coolio is totally hilarious. He is a marijuana-obsessed
cosmonaut, who gets bitten by the vampire while boldly searching the
ship for "the Chronic." He then becomes a gibbering Renfield character,
leaping around on his haunches, looking completely ridiculous.Udo Kier plays the dead captain of the Demeter, giving the best
performance in the entire film (unsurprisingly). I have no idea why he
wasn't cast as Dracula, as he is one of the world's scariest-looking
actors. Tiny Lister (who played the President in "The Fifth Element"
and was in "Austin Powers") plays the big dumb thug with a good heart.
Erika Eleniak (formerly of Baywatch, ET, and Under Siege) has gotten a
little broad in the beam for the ingnue roles, and plays the
supposedly-sexy first mate who isn't. Casper Van Dien (the hero of
Starship Troopers... oh how the mighty have fallen) plays the least
successful vampire hunter in the Van Helsing line. Then there are a few
German actors I have never heard of.So: if you want to rent a really, really awful movie to laugh at for 90
minutes, this is your film! No other film of which I know can fulfill
this role so perfectly! Marvel at the cheap costumes! Lie agog at the
dumb script! Hyperventillate with laughter as Coolio hisses and shows
off his fake teeth!
			
If you are one of those that just don't like bad b-flicks, then you are
just going to hate this move, so don't bother seeing this one. If you
are like me however, this is one movie that you will not easily forget,
and you will have a wonderful time. Its not just that it is bad, it is
like they have put an effort in making it beyond bad. It has a nonsense
of a script, ridiculous scenery and a pure direct-to-video cast, and
poor, poor FX. where to start, where to start... lets start with the
room we see Coolio the first time. the walls are covered in
bubble-wrap!! yes. how futuristic. They are all wearing headsets, but
when they need to get hold of another person, they have to run across
the whole ship to find them, or just shout. guess they forgot
batteries. And when they are running through the corridors in the
"space-ship" (looks like a old cargo-liner), it's the same corridor
over and over again. I will try not to repeat the same stuff as others
will likely have put in their reviews, but some things just have to be
said. Like the control-room that looks like an abandoned factory, with
a old fashioned control panel from the eighties. You just don't see
switches like that anymore. it's rather cute. and of course there's the
coffins. the crew keeps breaking them apart, even Dracula himself blows
the lids every time he gets out of one of them (which are a lot during
this movie, he has got a real sleeping disorder this fellow), and the
coffins keep getting put back together the next shot. Continuity in
this film are non-existing. except maybe the actors clothes, but I
guess they had to bring their own in this one, no budget and all. The
least frightening in this film is Dracula himself. Only thing scary is
that he's still wearing a cape with too much starch in it. other then
that, he looks like a door-to-door salesman. There is a whole lot more
I could write about this one, like hilarious illogical lines, even more
cheesy scenery, awful acting and an ending that will leave you rolling
in your seat with laughter, or wondering if they just smoked the last
bit of the movie. one last thing, stay in your seat through the
credits, you will love the little bit afterwards. guess who's the
pleasure-bot? I'm giving this ratings all the way, for movies like this
don't come round too often. I loved it.
			
This film, changed me in more than one way, it helped me to progress,
spiritually, who else thought the Dialogue was so complex yet so
beautiful, it truly helped to transform emotions to words you know, I
was really feel-in that sh-et. Coolio is surely one of the most
talented music/movie Artists out there, I mean, did you see how well he
mastered the muscles on his face? and what the hell is so bad about
ejaculating over Bozanka's when you come back from the dead? its all
good...AND TO ALL YOU HATERS OUT THERE ........ don't cut your urethra's with
paper, use the Dracula 3000 CD. Bazonk.P.S. I have been to the year 3000, not much has changed but they live
under water, and your great great great grand-daughter, is pretty fine.
			
Just look at the cast and read the synopsis and then think of how silly
those elements can be and you know you're in for a good time. It seems
pretty clear they ran out of money or for some other reason never
really shot the ending. Yes, I know films are shot out of sequence but
the ending would have involved lots of special effects and perhaps they
just gave up.A silly inept film. The Rapper gives the best performance, but that's
been the case in other movies. Probably one of the worst Dracula movies
but that would be a stiff race to decide. But this is entertaining
badness, fast paced, ridiculous, with the occasional out of left field
surprise to keep it going. The director began his career with some
rather serious films but he's either lost all sense of what to do or
some other tragedy has overtaken him.Fans of bad movies check it out. This is one of those films that makes
the distributor Lion's Gate seem like Troama--a company that prides
itself on badness and entertains as such. Unfortunately most of Lion's
Gate bad output is just unwatchable bad, but this one is a gem.
			
So Udo Kier earned like nine bucks and free food for this so that is a
victory in and of itself. More importantly this movie tells a very interesting tale about a group
of salvage guys coming across the broken down Demeter. I should warn
you, i'm gunna bounce around through this review real quick so buckle
up. First thing's first. Coolio plays a guy named 187. 187 likes drugs.
187 finds a bunch of caskets on board and... now i don't know anything
about the future but maybe they smuggle drugs in caskets. Not gunna say
that was the craziest thing in this movie. Later on the vampire gets
out of his mist filled coffin and then the real hilarity begins. First,
although this movie has the word Dracula in it he is actually not in
this movie. I have a theory though. Out of the blue you see the salvage
crew's ship leave without them. My theory is that Dracula was on board
with his retarded brother Orlock. Dracula told Orlock he'll be right
back. Dracula got the hell out of this movie before he could be seen
leaving Orlock to play the vampire for the six or so minutes he is in
the movie. The best part of this film, and for those of you that have
seen this you know what i'm gunna say, is after 187 gets sired,
embraced whatever. He has this huge monologue about ejaculating on
various parts of erika Elaniak's body and... other super cool stuff.
Coolio, seriously you are the best thing EVER. Some other stuff happens in this movie too. Like Casper Van Dean gets
some work. Orlock screams a lot and loses his arm and then we kinda
lose track of him FOR THE REST OF THE MOVIE. And thank god really. We
find out Erika's character is a police bot. As the movie comes to a
close we find out that the ship is on a course to ram into the sun. The
police bot and one other surviving character are doomed. Rather then
avoid certain death Erika's police bot reveals she's also a whore bot
and they decide to screw each other and die. Before they die in the sun
they die for no reason, yep that's right... their ship blows up for no
real reason. This movie got the amazing rating for one reason, Coolio. My god, if
they gave academy awards to black rappers then he'd be the first to get
one. The only reason this didn't get a perfect ten is because there was
not a drop of nudity. Now i know what your thinking, how can you judge
a film by whether ladies show their goods or not. Well easy. A movie
like this pretty much requires it. Its part of the process. Gore, gore,
monsters, nudity, gore, end of movie final shock at the end. Its the
formula. This had some gore, the monster was awesome because he sucked
so hard he actually did us the favor of staying off camera. That was
considerate of him and i respect that. Nudity, not a drop even though
there was a length conversation about... well see the above statement
and as for the shock/twist... i certainly didn't see the end coming.
That counts. I hope Hollywood doesn't think Coolio gave this film his all and has
nothing left. He deserves more work. Well, until Dracula 4000, i'm out.
			
This is Horror and Sci Fi all rolled into one big futuristic sandwich,
I believe this movie will one day be known as one of the classics of
the early 21st Century, Though I must admit though, the cinematography
could have been better, but still it's a great idea for a film, and a
great film nonetheless. It's one of those movies that start off pretty
boring, but as you continue to watch, it grips you and you just cant
take your eyes off the screen! what it lacks in character it makes up
for in imagination, I'm sure in years to come more movies will be
bringing classic horror characters into some future spaceship - what
I'd like to see though is a "Blade" in space to fight off these
vampires in the year 3000. 8 out of 10 - excellent movie, great
imagination!!
			
Some folks really downgraded this movie and the two main stars, Casper
Van Dien and Elelnia Eliniak by stating their careers were over because
of this movie. Come on folks these two are professional actors and know
how to act. This movie was not as horrible as some would have us
believe nor did their careers end. Just because one did not like the
movie is no reason to slam dunk the actors. The movie was actually
quite good because of the two main stars It's quite conceivable for a
character named Van Helsing not to know at one time in earths ancient
culture he had a relative who was a vampire killer. As far as the script it was okay, the cinematography was good as far as
one can be from being inside a spacecraft. The vampires exhibited great
strength and stealth. They were tall dark and handsome or beautiful and
tempting. In the end all the vampires were slain at the expense of most
of the crew. To see which vampire remains and which crew members remain
and how the movie ends which the movie. I subscribe to Netflix and have
it streamed to my iPad2. I'm sure it's out on DVD. Get it and enjoy
			
This movie was not as good as I had hoped it would be. I like Erika
Eleniak and she looks great (must be body building). She was the reason
I watched it. It had none of what one would expect of a vampire movie.
There was no suspense, no action, and the premise made no sense.Maybe if Dracula, came from a planet that was dying and he and a few
vamps showed away on the ship to search for a planet like maybe Earth
to re generate their kind. Just one vamp and a crew member turned into
his slave was not enough for the rest of them to fear. More vamps would
have been better. Also, a larger crew would have been nice. Not a
hundred but maybe more than five people.I would have liked to have seen more action and suspense and maybe
romance. We did get it in the end however with Aurora.I don't blame the actors as much I blame who ever wrote the script.The end with Aurora and the remaining male crew member was OK.I would give this movie a C.
			
Oh come on! This movie was... This movie is...Oh god really words escape me. But why the 7 Star Score then? I'll tell
you why! I do not condone drinking on a public forum but I have to say,
a little vodka, a nice cosy collection of good friends that share your
humour and this movie can make your entire evening.This movie is the salt of the earth that is the movie franchise. While
you wouldn't stuff your face with salt, adding a bit of it to any dish
enhances the whole dining experience. This is the case with this movie!A few good movie, laughter and story telling and then popping in this
movie will make your evening into a SUCCESS, the story telling, the
props, the plot, the whole idea is so ridiculously weak that the
audience will lie on the couch in agony and pain from laughter. Me and
my friends can actually speak the lines by now and the end is the top
of bad story telling like you wouldn't believe it.All in all, if your movie evening turned into an improv standup of who
can let the characters speak the most ridiculous lines, if the
ex-class-joker lies on your couch nick naming the people in the good
movies by their respective most obvious physical attribute (in our case
it was House of Flying Daggers calling the woman "that guy with the
very defined chest muscles"), throw in this movie and your evening will
be unforgettable.
			
Yes, I'm giving this a 7 dammit. Oh, it sucks, it's hopelessly silly
and unbelievable, but it's actually got pretty good characters. Each
one has a distinct personality, and the crew as a whole actually has a
lot of chemistry together, and darn it, it's a hoot to watch.The plot involves an interstellar salvage crew who comes across an
enormous ship, the Demeter, and finds it harboring a dark secret - a
vampire! Not just any vampire, but good ol' Dracula himself. We really
don't see much of him at all, he's more or less the dark shadow at the
end of the hallway that everybody runs from.Anyhow, on to those characters. You've got Casper Van Diem as the
captain. Sort of a good anti-hero, he spends the movie looking like
he's trying not to laugh (too much). Then there's Erika Eleniak,
playing the part she was born to play, the blond bimbo in the
skin-tight tank top and leather pants. One of the best bimbos in recent
memory. And Tiny Lister, playing the big, tough dumb guy. Another bit
of casting brilliance! He wisecracks his way through the movie, along
with his buddy, Coolio. Coolio plays the totally drugged up idiot (more
casting brilliance!) who is bitten by Dracula and goes on his own
comical vampire rampage. Finishing things up, there's Alexandra
Kamp-Groeneveld as the intern, trying to do a serious job and
constantly getting picked on by her crew-mates, and Grant Swanby as the
intelligent guy in the wheelchair (they call him wheelie-boy), also
constantly picked on by his crew-mates.Now, this movie may be bad, but in comparison to a lot of other stuff
coming out these days, it's actually better than average. I mean, come
on, the characters in this movie are head-and-shoulders above most of
what is out there. No interchangeable, unlikable loudmouths here, but
actual honest to goodness people.Overall, I just love this silly little thing. It's the year 3,000 and
there's a VCR sitting there on top of a TV. Nobody knows what a
crucifix is (you should hear them discuss it, it's hilarious), but they
make references to Wonder Woman. They want to kill Dracula by moving
the ship close to a star (to let lots of light in), but there don't
appear to be any windows on the ship. And to hear Coolio the vampire
and his breathtakingly goofy speech he gives to Eleniak about her
"gazombas", oh dear god, this is awesome. To heck with Plan 9 From
Outer Space and Manos: Hands of Fate. This is the movie everyone should
point to when it comes to the pinnacle of "so bad it's good" film
making.
			
A salvage ship on a routine mission discovers a transporter vessel that
had been reported missing 100 years earlier. When the salvage crew
boards the vessel, they discover many many many long black coffins with
sand in them. In the blackness of space where the sun never rises the
ancient curse that this mysterious cargo carries begins to eliminate
the crew one by one. So we have a underrated sci fi horror film right
here starring Casper Van Dien, Erika Eleniak, Coolio, Tiny Lister, and
Udo Kier. Lets see what can i say the Cgi is bad very bad, the acting
is OK and the story is well...... I read it to you what do you think? I
noticed how many people gave this movie such low rating and I think
they expect to much out of this movie i mean you have to remember its a
Sci Fi movie a cheap movie not some big budget feature. Now my likes
about this movie, The turns this movie takes you get you hero movies
where the main character is the big guy who saves everyone well not
here im not going to spoil anything though just expect the unexpected.
But i bet your wondering how Dracula got loose on a Ship thats been
missing for a hundred years right? coolio finds the coffins hoping for
something to smoke or thats worth a lot of cash, but cuts himself
prying open a coffin and the blood gets in the sand thus awaking
Dracula. Coolios character is funny and crazy and way over the top but
i like him. This movie is funny when needed it won't scare you but i
think you will be entertained cause yes there's some action and things
take off pretty quick not much more i can really tell you check it out
yourself but keep what i told you in mind.
			
In the year 3000, the deep space salvage ship Mother III locates the
vanished starship Demeter in the Carpathian System. Captain Abraham Van
Helsing (Casper Van Dien) and his crew composed of the blonde assistant
Aurora Ash (Erika Eleniak); the crippled navigator Arthur "The
Professor" Holmwood (Grant Swanby), who believes that he is a genius;
the strong and dumb Humvee (Tommy Tiny Lister); the intern Mina Murry
(Alexandra Kamp); and the drug addicted 187 (Coolio), decide to claim
the possession of Demeter. While exploring the spacecraft, they see a
tape of fifty years ago of Captain Varna (Udo Kier) telling that he was
locked in his cabin since his crew was acting weird after getting a
cargo of coffins in Transylvania station. When 187 decides to search in
the coffins for some possible hidden dope, he cuts his hand and his
blood awakes Count Orlock, a.k.a. Count Dracula (Langley Kirkwood).
When Aurora discloses who Dracula is, the survivors try to find a way
to destroy the vampire."Dracula 3000" is silly, flawed, cheesy, has poor special effects and
bad lines, but it is very funny. Casper Van Dien has a very reasonable
performance in the role of a captain of a spaceship with a crew of
morons; Coolio is simply hilarious and is the best character, specially
when he is transformed in a vampire; Langley Kirkwood is miscast, his
Dracula is very weak, and I laughed when he has a severed arm; Erika
Eleniak is still a very beautiful woman with an attractive body; Tommy
Tiny Lister, Grant Swanby and Alexandra Kamp completes the cast of this
low budget movie with many funny dialogs and moments. I am not sure
whether director and writer Darrell Roodt is descendant of Ed Wood, but
in the end, I liked this little film. My vote is six.Title (Brazil): "Drcula 3000 - Escurido Infinita" ("Dracula 3000 -
Infinite Darkness")
			
Excuse the blah in the title, I cannot end a title with a preposition
even if the title is not a sentence. On the contrary do not simply
ignore the blah. The blah is a metaphor. An ending finishes a story.
While the preposition "for" is where the conversational meaning ends
was added to the title to make it proper. The ending of Dracula 2000
was such a horrible way to end a film. I loved it so much. The ending
is like a shotgun wedding for me, it was rushed, I felt the rush, and
for some reason it ended with a happy marriage. Overall the movie was
mostly horrible and would deserve 3 stars but the experience after the
movie dropped made it one of my favorite bad movies up there with "The
Room" and its ending. The ending left me giddy, rushing up and down the
stairs for about a half of an hour, it was a wonderful feeling and that
is why that this review is one of the higher rated ones.
			
Indeed, writer & director Darrell Roodt's ultra-low-budget chiller
"Dracula 3000" doesn't qualify as a masterpiece either Gothic or
cinematic. Nevertheless, the premise promises more than it can muster
with its futuristic adaptation of Bram Stoker's classic novel. Roodt
and "White Lion" co-scenarist Ivan Milborrow never let things get too
deep and some may object to the ending. Meaning, Roodt and company
couldn't have made a legitimate sequel because everybody dies in the
long run. Basically, what they have done is transferred Dracula into
deep space and appropriated the setup from Ridley Scott's unforgettable
creature feature "Alien." Mind you, movies about Dracula set in deep
space are few and far between so "Dracula 3000" possesses some marginal
distinction. One huge problem with this movie is that Dracula doesn't
cut much of a figure. Roodt is no Bela Lugosi, Christopher Lee, or Gary
Oldman. Worse, he doesn't show up until 42 minutes after the film
unfolds. Naturally, he is fleeing from a dying world, and he has loaded
his multitude of coffins aboard the freighter. In this respect,
"Dracula 3000" is like the novel because the Count took more coffins
than "Nosferatu" and any other Dracula incarnation to his destination.
Specifically, Roodt and company borrow only the basics from Stoker's
novel. Dr. Seward doesn't put in an appearance, and a surprise awaits
us about Van Helsing's descendant. As the skipper of the salvage ship
"Mother III," Captain Abraham Van Helsing (Casper Van Diem of "Starship
Troopers"), a distant relative of the original Van Helsing, learns
about a derelict cargo ship "Demeter" that has been missing for 50
years. The interesting question here is why does it drift for half of a
century. Even with the skipper dead on all the other ships, the vessel
reached its destination. Dracula readers will remember that Dracula
sailed to England aboard the Demeter, and the skipper died, bound to
the wheel of the ship. I thought Roodt did an adequate job at
preserving parts of the novel in the action. In this version, the
Demeter's captain has left a video log of events. These clips are
interspersed throughout the film and sometimes they seem almost
haphazardly inserted into the action. Initially, Van Helsing worries
that his five man crew will not be up to the task of salvaging this
vast spaceship. Confined to a wheelchair, Professor Arthur "The
Professor" Holmwood (Grant Swanby of "Starship Troopers 3: Marauder"),
acts as their science officer, while two African-Americans perform the
heavy lifting. Humvee (Tommy 'Tiny' Lister of "Friday") and a man
simply designated 187 (Coolio of "Pain & Gain"), who grew up together
in the same neighborhood, provide the comic relief. Fleshing out the
cast are former Playboy bunny Erika Eleniak, cult European actor Udo
Kier, Alexandra Kamp, and Langley Kirkwood portrays Dracula. Kirkwood
looks sinister, but he doesn't surpass either Bela Lugosi or
Christopher Lee. He is dressed appropriately and makes atmospheric
entries and exits. The ending is tragic with our heroes sacrificing
themselves so that they can vanquish Dracula. The banter between
Cooliodoing a hilarious stoner actand grouchy Tiny Lister is amusing.
Lister;s dialogue is rather profane but funny. The film would be
considerably more tame without his presence. Coolio's death scene is a
must see, particularly after he entices Van Helsing to shoot him
repeatedly in the chest. Coolio milks his role for maximum effect. He
looks cool with his fangs. "Dracula 3000" seems to have more than its
share of detractors. The concept that God is no longer believed is
different, too. The performances are okay, and "The Professor" uses
some standard British rough language. Somebody could remake "Dracula
3000," beef up its production values, and cast some big names, and it
might pass muster. Eleniak looks good in tight-fitting black.
			
Every second comment about this movie from IMDb users is in CAPITAL
LETTERS and pushing that it's not a sequel to Dracula 2000.Dracula 2000... and it's proper sequels... had Wes Craven's name all
over the poster and DVD jacket. Any self-proclaimed "lovers" of B-films
should have put it together that this is not a sequel. "Dracula 2000",
despite the name, was not a futuristic film. This clearly is.Everyone please stop commenting that it's not the sequel to Dracula
2000. It's been said once, that's enough. Anyone who has the deductive
reasoning of a perpetually astonished, rookie investigator from a bad,
70's cop film deserves to lose five bucks on renting this with the
expectations of another Wes Craven opus.And Coolio never sucks... ever. That's a rule. But I'll agree to any
negative comments on Casper Van Dien. I knew what I was renting and I
enjoyed this trash.
			
Don't get me wrong I think Dracula in space is an interesting concept.
The acting was pretty good. But they wasted there talent. This movie is
badly written. It had as an awful ending. Like a lot of the Dracula
movies a lot of Dracula sequels are some of my favorite movies. But
this one is awful. Do not wast your time. Do not wast your money do not
see this movie. I could have been good. But is was not. I need more
lines and I am running out of things to say. This movie pooh pooh. Pooh
pooh, pooh pooh, pooh pooh. This is a pretty bad movie. Do not see this
movie. It is so not scary. Bad movie bad movie bad movie bad movie bad
movie.
			
My guess is that the producers of this low-budget space/horror film
wanted a serious movie but the director had his heart set on a parody.
So...this is what we get. Set in an abandoned spaceship 1000 years in
the future and peopled with characters and props right out of the 90's.
The set is some industrial complex, maybe an oil tanker, whatever. They
use is AS IS so the controls consist racks of old TV equipment. One
location is obviously the employees lunchroom and sports an old TV and
VCR as well as a water cooler with plastic demijohn. Tiny Lister and
Coolio get the best lines, arguing throughout the story. The dialog is
packed with terms that are pretty dated even now ("A-OK, Daddy-O") but
then maybe the 30th century is very retro? When the captain declares
the ships cargo is a load of coffins from "The Transylvania Station"
you know this is all a put-on. Its a bit of Alien, part JasonX,
shameless rip-off of all the best sci-fi and horror titles. At one
point Casper VanDien even tells his pilot to "make it so" with a
straight face. This film would have been better if they had just let
everyone run with the satire but they keep attempting to make the story
serious....maybe the backers were on the set that day. Anyway, not a
bad boredom killer if you aren't too picky. FX are as good as the sets
are bad.
			
This is a pretty bad movie, but I've seen much much worse. Basically,
they took the segment of the Dracula novel that involved the Count
coming to England aboard a cargo ship and updated it to outer space.
However, after using that as a starting point they ran out of steam and
things got stupid quickly. It was an interesting premise, but it ended
up being a very weak effort overall. There are some good parts to the
movie, notably Coolio's performance as a druggie crew member. However,
every time they had a chance to do something interesting, they dropped
the ball. Seriously. In general, you can tell what a sloppy effort was made by looking at
Casper Van Diem. His beard/stubble varies wildly scene to scene, and at
one point he gets a cut on his face that wasn't in the previous scene.
Lack of continuity is the least of this movie's sins. After wasting a lot of opportunities, the movie finally ends... badly.
It left quite a sour taste because even up to that point the movie
could have come through as just 'poor' but the ending made it really be
a piece of junk. If you enjoy watching bad movies and heckling them,
this would be a decent candidate. Bad, but not enough to cause 'deep
hurting.'
			
WOW. That's all I can really say about this.Who let this crap be made? Out of all the actors who disappointed me in
this movie, I think my biggest disappointment came from Tiny Lister.
It's like, come on man, you were the president in 5th Element for
Pete's sake. Did you agree to take this role as long as you got to nail
the hot white chick? I hope you tricked that baywatch wench into some
actual sexy time, and told her it was crucial for realness for the
role. Or something. Maybe they just bought you some McDonalds
breakfast. Whatever.I'm thinking about suing SciFi for making me watch this. Don't they
have someone preview this crap before they air it? It made me miss 5
minutes of Dog the Bounty Hunter.I'm going to go watch some porn, at least they have better acting...and
plots...and writing...and directing...
			
Yeah, Dracula 3000 is a schlocky mess, but I'm not quite sure it
deserves to be in the IMDb bottom 100 films of all time. The premise, a
sci-fi twist on the Bram Stoker novel, at least has a little
originality going for it, and there are plenty of (unintentional)
laughs along the way at the very least. This is bottom of the barrel
stuff for sure, but I'd rather watch trash like this instead of
something utterly dull and mind-numbing.The producers have assembled a B-movie cast for what is essential
Dracula on a spaceship. Everything in the film has a futuristic spin
APART from Dracula himself, who's just a wooden actor in old-fashioned
dress with zero presence. There's plenty of action and bloodshed thrown
into the mix here, all of it done on an exceptionally low budget, but
the film is let down by an awful jokey script which dishes out awful
line after awful line.Casper Van Dien (STARSHIP TROOPERS) headlines things as the ship's
captain, who also just happens to be a descendant of the original
Abraham Van Helsing. Udo Kier gets a kooky cameo via some video
flashbacks. An ageing Erika Eleniak (UNDER SIEGE) hides an unusual
secret, while Tommy 'Tiny' Lister is good value as the hulking hero.
Worst of the group is Coolio, who delivers a performance so cheesy and
stupid that you'll be praying for him to get off the screen.
Unfortunately the director seems to love him...
			
Picking up a strange haul, the team aboard a derelict space ship learns
they've inadvertently released the vampire Count Dracula onto their
crew and must try to stop the deadly creature before he takes over the
entire ship.This wasn't as bad as its reputation through it does have a few
problems. The biggest issue with this one is the rather cheap and
cheesy feel throughout here which makes for the most troubling aspects
of this. From the absolutely ridiculous equipment throughout the ship
to their tactics and behavior, there's little to this that really gives
off any sense of serious ambitions in this. Almost all aspects within
this also showcase this feature, from the simple story and goofy action
to the dialog and vampire-battle that are a part of this as this one
tends to land on the goofy and cheesy quite often. That storyline
factor does come into play here by being blatant about ripping off
other sources from the novel as well as several other films out there
so not only does this reek of being familiar with the back-story but
also familiar with other films that utilize this particular setting.
That does bring up the rather few flaws here in this one manages to
bring up some nice imagery about traditional vampire lore into outer
space with the use of the caped Gothic-styled vampire and his dress,
the use of wooden stakes and finally the use of the coffins within the
cargo bay as a sort of connection here to the past. Likewise, some of
the action isn't' all that bad as the brawl with the vampire henchman
as well as the shootout in the main hold are somewhat decent enough.
Nothing, though, compares to the finale which is one of the most
atrocious, ham-fisted, poorly conceived and laughable conclusions which
not only undermines the whole film as well as feels entirely improvised
but also seems ludicrous in concept as if it was tacked on simply to
get an ending without doing anything about it. That also damages this
along with the other flaws to really knock this down.Rated R: Graphic Language, Violence and intense drug use.
			
Unintentionally satirical? That's what I thought when I saw this movie.
Let me explain: it's the year 3000 and a motley salvage crew believes
they have hit pay dirt with this mother lode. Then they find out about
their unwanted visitor. A huge space craft that the estimate is worth a
lot of money. The dialogue was at times painfully crude. The acting is
often cringe worthily funny. There is a plot twist or two, but, uh.but
even that does not help thicken the pap thin plot. Their is eye candy
for the guys and comic relief for all. The actor chosen to play Dracula
was hilarious (as was his outfit, which looked like a Halloween
costume). My first time seeing an almost slap stick version of Dracula
with gore. Three stars
			
There is no God, and this movie proves it. To summarize, someone read
the original Stoker book, got stones six ways to Thursday, and watched
a marathon of Red Dwarf. This movie was the result.Admittedly, I can't give it the worst possible rating, because when I
saw it with a few friends (we'd rented it simply because it looked like
it would be fun to heckle), a number of scenes left us rolling on the
floor laughing. Coolio with a pool cue sticking out of his chest, the
scenes of "Dracula" running through the ship's corridors looking like
an actor looking for the right stage, and the point where the crew cuts
off the vampire's hand with a ~door~. So, yes, this movie sucked harder
than a gaggle of vampires with vacuum cleaners hovering near a black
hole. But if you're willing to let yourself laugh at it, it can be a
hilarious comedy.
			
From the start, I had a feeling this was going to be a bad movie. The
concept is just weird, but I have a thing for vampire movies, and
Casper's just a extra bonus. The movie never actually got any better,
but it did keep me quite entertained. There is some very nice humor
thrown in, and the concept is original at least. There a few space-age
twists and turns that do keep you surprised. While I wouldn't buy this,
I might tivo to watch it again if I happened across it. Mostly because
Coolio has the funniest lines I've ever heard. Don't watch it if you're
looking for an amazing movie, but if you just want mindless
entertainment, and some laughs, go ahead.
			
I have a high tolerance for bad movies. I was actually enjoying this
movie about an hour into it, they had just established the vampire
mythos for this particular film and were about to get to the fun part.
Then I looked at the clock, 23 mins left. Crap, that means that the fun
part sucks. I mean they spent an hour estabalishing the vampire goodies
and then no follow through.Coolio was the best part about this movie. He was amusing and funny as
a human, but as a vampire he kicked ass. Tiny Lister was also pretty
good, considering his lack of acting ability. And I waited for Eleniak
to get naked and well she never did.And the ended is the most messed up ending ever. It comes out of
nowhere, either the film makers ran out of ideas or money or both.I might watch it once more in the future just for the fun coolio
scenes.
			
Wow, there's a lot of venom directed at this movie, and a lot of it is
deserved, but it's not the WORST movie of all time. (That's probably
"Zoolander".)Anyway, if you're high on something, really drunk, or just in the mood
for a "B-minus-minus" movie that you can make fun of, this may be your
cup of tea.As an idea, this is actually rather intriguing. Dracula in space? Kind
of outlandish...but think what you can do with the idea. It's eternal
night in outer space, so Dracula can be up and around 24/7. You're not
gonna catch THIS vampire asleep in his coffin between sunrise and
sunset.Yet this movie does nothing with this interesting twist. As others said, the first part of the movie makes you think you're
watching an updating of the Bram Stoker novel. Two of the main
characters are named Van Helsing and Mina, the ship is the Demeter, and
they're in the Carpathian galaxy. You later find that Van Helsing is a
descendant of the original, and he just happens to be on a ship in the
30th century with Dracula. Suuuuuuuuuuure.(And hilariously, one of the characters ACTUALLY refers to the
Transylvanian Station -- which, were this a "Mystery Science Theater
3000" episode, would surely prompt one of the robots to say, "Ja, ja,
track twenty-nine. Oh, can I give you a shine?")Oh yeah, and to add to the originality, this "spooky ghost ship" movie
has another character whose last name is Ash. Sound familiar?There's paper-thin character development and science fictional
anachronisms. For example, early on we learn that these characters are
so far into the future that religion almost doesn't exist anymore, nor
does anyone even remember legends like vampires. And yet, one of the
characters tools around in a MANUAL wheelchair, and Coolio and Tom
Lister talk in 20th century black slang. But what really makes the movie ridiculous is the ending. The villain
suddenly becomes an afterthought, two characters quit running from him
so they can go tear off a piece and...well, let's just say the grand
finale is totally unexpected...because IT MAKES NO DAMN SENSE.Like I said, it you want a movie with which to do your own version of
MST3K, and your mind is in approximately the same mode required for
viewing the "Great Vegetable Rebellion" episode of LOST IN SPACE, then
you may find this crapfest entertaining. Still, even movies that are so
bad they're campy fun have at least SOME sense of internal logic.
"Dracula 3000" is really pushing it, though.
			
I have no interest in yet another vampire movie. So why did I pick
"Dracula 3000"? Well, it's made its way onto the infamous IMDb Bottom
100 list--the worst rated films of all-time. And, I have a perverse
love of bad films...on occasion. So, unlike most folks who tried
watching this film, I HOPED that it would be terrible! So is the film
terrible in a fun way or just plain terrible?Well, the answer surprised me. Yes, it IS a bad film but it really
isn't that bad. In fact, at times it almost seems on the verge of being
good...but doesn't quite hit the mark. It isn't that the plot idea is
that bad but it's because the writing of the characters IS. Many of
them are just broad caricatures--such as the big dumb black guy, the
stoner black guy (wow, the writer sure seems to have it out for black
guys), the hot second in the command, etc.. However, one of these folks
really confuses me...the 'brainy guy'. He's in a wheelchair...and the
31st century is about to begin and they have intergalactic space
travel!!! Huh?! Overall, I'd say that I have no idea how it made the Bottom 100 list.
Making the Bottom 1000 (if they had it) would make sense, but I have
seen at least 300-400 films worse than this clichd and occasionally
silly film. Not 100% bad....just 97%.
			
A space ship cruising through the galaxy encounters a mysterious cargo
ship apparently adrift in space. The crew investigates, hoping to lay
claim to its cargo and acquire the ship. However, once aboard the
ominous vessel, their own ship mysteriously disengages, leaving them to
fend for themselves and battle none other then Count Dracula or Orloff
as this creature calls himself.Not a bad start. I mean it follows any number of typical sci-fi/horror
plots. The genres have been around enough that even the most original
story will inevitably invoke comparison to some other film. But, when
you start with a fairly typical horror convention, the legend of
Dracula and vampires in general, and combine it with a fairly typical
sci-fi convention, a crew happening upon something and becoming
marooned to battle whatever they're forced to confront, the filmmakers
better have some clever up their sleeve to imprint their own mark on
the familiar genre staples.Director Darrell Roodt, who also wrote Dracula 3000 with Ivan
Milborrow, is primarily responsible for this utter failure. So, no,
Roodt and Milborrow have nothing up their sleeves but their arms.This film begins ominously enough, with a very poorly delivered voice
over by Caspar Van Dien, essentially providing enough exposition to
explain who the crew on his ship are. I should also point out that Van
Dien's character is named Van Helsing. And, oh so very cleverly, this
Orloff character is from planet Transylvania in the Carpathian System.
No kidding. I mean, come on guys, we get it. And, again, don't be goofy
and use such names unless you got something special in store.So, after Van Helsing's introduction of the crew, we have, essentially,
a film about this crew trapped in a space ship with a vampire lurking
about.I'm a very forgiving viewer when it comes to low budget films.
Occasionally, they can be brilliant, see Raimi's first two Evil Dead
films. Dracula 3000 had a decent budget, enough for some decent special
effects and for the salaries of 3rd stringers like, Van Dien, Erika
Eleniak, Coolio, etc. However, unlike, the EVIL DEAD flicks, there is
no talent behind the camera. In front of the camera, the talent is
marginal, but I'm going to give the actors some benefit of the doubt.
It really seems like they don't know what to do. The best actor of the
bunch, Alexandra Kamp-Groenveld, gets killed off quickly and the
ever-enjoyable Udo Kier is reduced to being an exposition vehicle for
the viewer as the deceased captain we hear and see via a video journal.
Grant Swandby is also okay as the Professor, but it's hard to take
seriously a scientist in the year 3000 who wears glasses and rides a
wheel chair. And, yes, it's a WHEEL chair as in there is nothing
futuristic about it. As for the rest of the actors, well.I'm sure
Coolio really tried to be scary after getting turned into a vampire,
but, well, I don't think irritating qualifies as scary in most people's
book. Tiny Lister and Erika Eleniak don't really provide much either.
Lister is never really more then the IL' big brawny black stereotype.
Eleniak actually appears unhappy throughout the film and never tries
very hard. Eleniak is a pretty girl, even in her mid thirties, but
looks a little worn out and uninterested for the movie's duration.This brings us to Count Dracula/Orloff played by Langley Kirkwood. To
be honest, I can't recall who exactly the vampire is supposed to be. He
introduces himself as Orloff but at some point he acknowledges himself
as Count Dracula as well. Go figure. In any case, you will be
absolutely astounded by just how lame this vampire is. Have you ever
scene those cheesy horror show hosts local networks would have on their
creature feature time slots? Yes, it's that bad. Langley Kirkwood, the
actor playing Orlock, must have found it almost impossible to
concentrate in such a ridiculous outfit. I'm sure he's still getting
hassled by his friends.There isn't much to the plot. The vampire is the last of it's kind and
wants to go to Earth, for some reason, and also, there is some lip
service about wanting to defeat Caspar Van Dien's character, Van
Helsing. Most of the crew get turned into vampires, including Van
Helsing, and the crew use conventional machine guns and pistols to try
and defeat them before they figure out the old stake in the heart
routine. Yeah, that's right, bullets, and yes, the year 3000. Keeping
in that baffling vein, one of the main areas the crew hole themselves
up in while battling the vampires, or vampire, since there is really
never more then one threatening them, is filled with old Soviet posters
and insignia and such. What the? There are also references to
God/religion being antiquated systems. But these references only
confused me. Did the Soviet Union make a comeback? Is there some point
Roodt and Milborrow want to make with this? It never really goes
anywhere, seems dumb and the posters, etc. just look cheap.On the positive side, the film is competently shot and edited. The
cinematography is nothing spectacular, but it's clearly done by
professionals and, I had no problem with the special effects. The ships
look like ships in outer space. Although, as I write this, I recall how
god awful the corpse of the captain looks when the crew discover him.
What were they thinking? Why didn't someone say something? See how
difficult it is to say something positive about this film without
falling back on the negatives? I guess, ultimately, that's the thing.
Whatever positives you try and grant this sci-fi/horror debacle, you
become overwhelmed by it's lack of quality.Poor Udo Kier.
			
Dracula 3000 is supposed to be set in the year 3000. Hmmm, OK.
Obviously clothes and hairstyles haven't changed much. There is also a
crusty old VCR in the ship that was lost in 2950. OK er VCR's are
pretty much half extinct now. The guns in it were unimpressive for the
year 3000 and the paralysed guy had a really crap wheelchair, not even
a motorised one. C'mon, by 3000 i would have thought they would have
had hover wheelchairs or the medical technology to make paralysed
people walk.Apart from the props and set not matching the date it also borrows a
bit from 'Event Horizon'. Everything was pretty much going fine, i
really can almost forgive the out of place things until Dracula finally
appears and adds a giant iceberg sized lump of cheese to the
proceedings.The story LOL is about haha Dracula being picked up by a cargo ship
*snigger* from a planet of vampires called 'Transylvania' which he is
the last vampire of lmao because the planet is dying. This vampire
planet is situated in a galaxy called the Carpathian Galaxy HAHAHAHA
which this movie is set in. Through the captain's journals we find out
that his crew are being turned into vampires (by Dracula i guess). 50
years later Captain Van Helsing and his crew of morons try and salvage
the ship.This movie sucks, it really does. Coolio was OK until he gets turned
into a vampire and then his acting goes way way way over the top.
Dracula was unconvincing and near the end where Van Helsing and Dracula
are fighting is not only pathetic but a total cop out. Also, the plan
to fly the ship around the sun and fry Dracula to a crisp would have
been a good idea if only the ship they were on had more than one window
but the characters overlook that small fact. Also, check out the
coffins exploding for no good reason. I won't even mention the pathetic
poorly executed ending and its abrupt nature. NO Director, that's a BAD
Director!!!Why the heck were big names starring in this amateur pile of s**t!? Why
are they trying to commit career suicide? Casper Van Dien's acting in
this is the same as his acting in every other movie he's been in. I
think the dude should stop acting every character like it's the same
one. The only redeeming feature this movie has is Tiny Lister. The man
simply rocks but even he wasn't enough to save this movie. 2/10
			
The characters might seem progressive - black, white, male, female,
disabled, ablebodied - if they weren't stereotyped to the point of
almost being offensive.Naturally there's foreshadowing (about as subtle as a punch to the
face) and no one follows through on anything remotely related to logic
or critical thinking.Plot: A crew of 6 people (the captain being named Van Helsing) flies on
a salvage ship to a long-lost cargo ship (which had been flying from
"Transylvania station" to the "Carpathian galaxy") in attempt to claim
its contents before the government gets there. --SPOILERS BELOW--As they explore the cargo ship, their own ship is somehow disconnected
and flies off. Two of the crew find a bunch of coffins filled with
sand, and they open some. The guy known as 187 cuts himself doing so,
and bleeds on some of the sand. Of course it's a vampire, and
reanimates offscreen; it bites 187 and disappears.The crew rushes to 187 at the sound of screams and all proceed to act
like idiots (for example, they look at his newly-broken leg and ask
what's wrong). Eventually he turns into a vampire and does absolutely
nothing which makes any sense.We see the vampire who bit 187 and it's assumed that this is Dracula
himself, although someone calls him Count Orlock, and apparently some
people know vampires exist. Orlock is allegedly the last of his kind,
despite all the other coffins around. Personally I'm curious to know
how he's been doing all this stuff (like disconnecting Van Helsing's
ship, etc, unless he didn't do it... but that makes even less sense) if
he was dust/sand in a coffin, and this is never explained.187 is done in by a pool stick (a wooden stake in space, how
convenient) and the second-in-command is revealed to be a robot because
somehow that makes sense to the writers.Then nothing interesting happens. All the characters are terrible and
unlikeable, and I find myself wishing the ship explodes and kills them
all. There are plot holes and continuity errors so large you could
pilot a 747 through them.By the last 20 minutes I'm convinced this was made as a comedy instead
of a serious sci-fi film. When the end of the movie comes, it's so
sudden and unexpected I'm not sure what to feel except relief that this
awful thing is over. My wish has been granted.--END OF SPOILERS--I'm not sure what to rate this film. Is it horrible? Is it supposed to
be a parody of vampire movies? Am I supposed to enjoy this ironically,
like The Room? Watching Dracula 3000 simply leaves me confused.
			
I love vampire movies, and I love sci-fi movies. So when I saw this at
the rental store, I thought "Why not?" After watching this all I
thought was "Why?" This movie was a complete waste of time- poor
acting, and a horrible script. The movie takes place in space, where
these prospectors come across another ship floating dead in space. Soon
after they discover the "cargo" which is mostly sand filled coffins are
actually what? freeze-dried vampires from the "Planet Transylvania?"
Can we get more ridiculous? Yes we can! Among the powdered vamps (just
add blood) is Orlock (I assume this is "Dracula") whom, even though he
supposedly comes from "Planet Transylvania" and this is the year 3000
for some reason he still is wearing the classic Bella Lugosi-style
outfit. Against him is Capt. Abraham Van Helsing (name sound familiar?)
yep a descendant of the legendary Prof. Van Helsing from the original
Dracula story. After character 187 gets bitten and goes vampire and
throws a few verbally sexual comments at the beautiful, but no-nonsense
Aurora Ash (who is actually a robot- fitting because I'm sure there are
"artificial parts" there) it's decided the best way to destroy the
vampires is to fly the ship into a star (which halfway through this I
was ready to throw this movie into a fire myself, but it was a rental)
during which time Aurora decides to go back to her original programming
as a pleasure bot and give the long suffering Humvee a final hoorah and
"go out with a bang" Which the movie ends as though the writer just
gave up and said "The ship blows up" rather than continue with this
career- destroying script. Now, let's take a look at the actors and
their performancesCasper Van Dien .... Capt. Abraham Van Helsing- Not a totally bad
performance, but the character is pretty forgettable Erika Eleniak .... Aurora Ash- her performance was much like a
Penthouse Actress- you can tell she was not cast for her acting
ability, but for 2 really great credits on her "resume'" Coolio .... 187- Many Hip-Hop artists crossover to become fine actors
(Will Smith, LL Cool J) but it doesn't look like Coolio is going to be
joining those ranks based on his performance here, despite his
character being right up his alley- a strung out, horny nutcase. Way
too corny to be taken seriously Alexandra Kamp-Groeneveld .... Mina Murry- Probably the most
forgettable of characters, not a bad performance, but she was killed
early on (she was the lucky one) Grant Swanby .... Arthur "The Professor" Holmwood- what's a B-movie
sci-fi flick without an annoying wise-cracking geek? he fit the bill
here- I cheered when his character finally bought the farm Langley Kirkwood .... Orlock- Totally forgettable performance- The main
villain, but the only thing scary about him was his lines Tommy 'Tiny' Lister .... Humvee- ZEUS!!! Plays a real strong, real dumb
guy- perfect role for Lister, and he did it well. Not my favorite
actor, but the only believable character in the whole movie.Udo Kier .... Capt. Varna- Probably the biggest name in this movie, and
pretty much all you see of him is his face on a video monitor droning
on in his captain's log as boring as a bad social studies teacher. It's
good that his character is almost non-existent, hopefully his career
will survive All in all, don't waste your time with this one- aside
from the decent deep space special effects, there is no redeeming
qualities in this movie. Leave it on the shelf and move on.
			
Love nearly all Dracula movies, but this one is a major disappointment.
It starts off pretty well, but goes downhill rapidly, with an very poor
and lame cop out of an ending, seems like they half completed the
picture. The best thing about the movie, is the few stakes through the
hearts, but even these are not gory enough. The beginning of the film
is much in the mould of "Event Horizon", but with a much less special
effects, but things rapidly go down hill after it is realised that
Dracula is on board If you want to see a proper Dracula movie, stick to
Hammers original Dracula, starring the true Prince of Darkness
Chriastopher Lee. In summing up, this is a low budget take on Dracula,
and only for fans of Dracula or B movies
			
Over the years, many horror icons have ventured to outer space. Jason
Vorhees, Pinhead, the Leprechaun, and the Critters have all had their
chance to terrorize space goers. Now it's Dracula's turn to wreak havoc
in deep space. Casper Van Dien plays Van Helsing, the captain of a
salvage crew. Also aboard is his hottie right hand (Erika Eleniak),
giant leg-breaker (Tiny 'Zeus' Lister), and drugged up '187' (Coolio).
They discover a space ship called 'The Demeter'. Upon investigation,
they uncover such odd things as a room full of crucifixes and a cargo
bay full of coffins. In between scenes, Udo Kier pops up via video
screen and rambles on about an epidemic. That's the basis of the plot
and sadly, that's as interesting as it gets. Every actor here is wasted
on a pathetic script, save for Coolio, who hams it up in every scene
he's in. The guy who plays Dracula is a total bore and is about as
frightening as Count Chocula. The only surprise in the film is the
ending, which simply comes out of nowhere. The best thing about this
film is the cover art of the video box, which thankfully, invokes the
spirit of H.R. Giger. I give this film 2/10.
			
Wow....what a waste...casting Erika Eleniak and not having her expose
her breasts. Tom Lister...are you gay. The only captivating part was
when Erika challenged Tom Lister to untie her and check every square
inch of her body to check for vampire bites. Now I knew there was no
nudity, but I thought maybe there was a mistake and moved to the edge
of my seat. Tom...to hell with the movie, that's when you improv. The
script was bad, the sound was bad, special effects were horrible. As
far as the acting...not really horrible, except for Grant Swanby, as
the Professor and Tom Lister, Jr as "Humvee". Casper Van Dien wasn't
too awful bad...I just wonder how he would do with a well written
script. Erika's acting...come on...does she really have to act.
Coolio...for god sake, did anyone expect him to act. As for Udo
Kier...he talked in front of a camera with no human interaction...what
could be easier. A very difficult movie to sit though and the
ending...wow...I almost cheered for the fact it was over and laughed at
how stupid the ending was. This movie was proof positive that some
people make a movie just to say, "I made a movie"
			
The tale they made was quiet nice, but the way they created the movie
sucked really hard. Something like this: 1) It was meant to make the
first vampire ever on earth and sky (atleast in here) the most fastest
vampire ever, what they do with the camera was this. see him walk, shut
down the camera's and start when the character was at the end of the
tunnel.It looked so bad. and when some actions where happening and I.E. the
professor got scared (again) it was like.. "owh Bollox" and the camera
came fast close to his face..This whole movie looks so fake that even the girls for I.E. 5 years old
wouldn't get any nightmares!But I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because of the story they created,
this movie deserves some better special effects and better actors!
			
I normally like Casper in his movies, a real credit to STARSHIP
TROOPERS. But the box cover on this video SSOOOOO mi-sleds the renters.
At my local video, people rent it expecting a (PERHAPS) Borg like
vampire, and instead they get a bad re-make of Lon Chaney. It had great
potential, and fell very flat. Ireally think I could have written a
better story line and screen play. Why is it in EVERY science fiction
movie, they (the cast) constantly refers to a solar system as a galaxy?
Didn't any of these screenwriters or authors stay awake in science
class? It is a pet pevee of mine, but a solar system is a single star
with planets, a galaxy is a WHOLE bunch of solar systems. It is like
referring to a can of coke as a gross of six packs. Makes it sound even
dumber.
			
When you watch this movie the distinct feeling will creep into you,
that this movie in fact was meant to be porn, but they liked the
"story"and I use the term loosely so much they made it into a real
movie, without porn. I won't spoil the end, but watch it and tell me
that was not written to be porn... And the vampire is in the spaceship
why again?? Actually almost interesting, that bad. Hence the 2 instead
of the all preferred 1... If you are interested in movies and screen
writing, it might serve as a please don't kinda a thing. The lighting
is quite all right, although it made me sick, I'm sure that was
intended by the people who made it. I think that people who are
sensitive to that sort of thing mustn't watch this, but that is my
idea. This "movie" really messes with the Vamipre genre, it is very
bad, although the idea was kinda nice: a vampire in space: no way to
get sunlight.. They did not follow up on that, although it does play
some part in the movie. But watch it as if it is porn (18+ scenes are
deleted of course) and you'll get a few laughs... enjoy :s
			
The Terminator is one of those films that no matter if you've seen it
or not, you've heard of it, heck you know at least one or two lines
without seeing it! This is the movie that blasted then new comer's
Arnold Schwartzeneggerr's career, made James Cameron a name in
Hollywood, and gave new meaning to a possible dark future that gave us
nightmares. I remember the first time I saw this movie, I was just 8
years old and my dad of course walks in saying to cover my eyes at
every "bad" scene with violence or nudity, needless to say about 70% of
the movie he covered my eyes. Finally I got to see it with my mom and I
was in love, this wasn't just an action movie, though it is one of the
best, it had a story. To think this was all based upon just a quick
nightmare that James Cameron had, he didn't have much money, but he had
a good script, a great crew on his side to make one of cinema's
greatest movies of all time.Two men appear in Los Angeles in separate locations, manifesting in
sudden, blinding flash-storms of electricity. One is heavily muscular;
the other man, slim and wiry. The mysterious muscular man obtains
weapons and begins hunting down all women named "Sarah Connor", using a
phone book to track his targets. He successfully kills the first two of
the three listed women. When he attempts to kill the last Sarah Connor,
he is stopped by the other man, Kyle Reese who has been sent back in
time to protect her. While hiding in a parking garage, Reese explains
that the man hunting Sarah is actually a cyborg assassin called a
"Terminator", built by Skynet, an artificial intelligence network
created by Cyberdyne Systems. In the near future, Reese explains,
Skynet gained self-awareness, initiated a global takeover of military
hardware, and launched a nuclear war against humanity. Skynet ordered
that a scant number of humans were to be kept alive in order to be used
as slave labor. John Connor, Sarah's son, rallied the few remaining
humans and led a resistance movement against the machines. After a
grinding campaign, the human resistance was on the verge of victory; in
a last-ditch effort, Skynet sent the Terminator back in time to kill
Sarah before John was born, preventing the resistance from ever being
founded and allowing the machines to win by default. Reese volunteered
to follow the Terminator back in time to protect Sarah; after his use
of the time transportation equipment, it was to be destroyed by the
resistance in order to prevent further Terminators from going back in
time. The Terminator feels no pain, has no emotions, and will stop at
nothing to accomplish its mission.The Terminator is personally one of my favorite movies of all time, I
think because this movie really is something special. Yeah, the effects
are very 80's, but for the time and even to this day, I think the
special effects are much better than the CGI crud we get in today's
cinema. This has everything: action, romance, horror, sci-fi, and even
some dark humor. The reason why Arnold's "I'll be back" is so famous is
not just because of his accent, but because you knew that something bad
was coming. Kyle Reese's "Come with me if you want to live" is classic
as well. If you haven't seen The Terminator, I highly recommend this
movie, it's an incredible one that is sure to deliver entertainment to
the fullest. This is one of the greatest movies of all time and I'm
sure that you will not be disappointed, if you are, get a CAT scan.10/10
			
Rarely has a film so frightened an audience as "The Terminator." After
its release in 1984, the extremely low-budget sci-fi actioner broke box
office records, and gave audiences something more to fear. Through the
years, there have been stories of nature's beasts, of creatures from
another world, and so on and so forth. "Jaws" was terrifying because it
seemed so possible. And if "Jaws" is terrifying, "The Terminator" is
horrific. The realization of this hit-man machine dawned on everyone
watching the film. In a time of exceeding technology, how long will it
be before man is overtaken by the very things he created? And that is
what is particularly scary about a film like "The Terminator." In "The Terminator," Arnold plays a cyborg, Cyberdyne system model 101,
a T800, whatever that means. He has been sent back in time to
assassinate the soon-to-be-mother of the future world leader, John
Connor (who battles the machines in the future and leads an uprising).
If Connor is killed, then there will be no one to oppose the machines
of the future, and they will triumph. This would be pretty bad. So the
future John Connor has sent a protector back in time, to help save his
mother. Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) tells Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton)
about the machine that is trying to kill her. "It can't be bargained
with, it can't feel pain or mercy, and it will stop at absolutely
nothing until you are dead!" Talk about a bad day.The Terminator hunts them down time after time, including the famous
police station scene, where Arnie says, "I'll be back," and returns
moments later, crashing through the wall in a car. He then takes on a
whole squad of cops, but don't worry, Sarah and Reese escape slightly
unscathed.There are countless classic scenes in "The Terminator." You will see
them spoofed your entire life. From the image of the Terminator, to the
lines they speak, to the scenes they act out. Everything is spoofed.
And the film is worthy of its fame.On the special edition "T2" DVD (the second one), there is an on-set
documentary for the making of the "Terminator 2" 3-D ride at Universal
Studios. As the camera moves around, it shows Cameron detailing what he
wants in this scene. Some guy suggests something else, and Cameron gets
a tone. "No, no, that won't work. You do it like this - we come off
here, he walks around..." etc. The point is, he's a perfectionist, and
a demanding director. Some directors are a bit too easy, and don't
really care where their films are going. But James Cameron seems to
have a clear vision of what he wants, and he goes around making sure it
gets done exactly the way he wants it to be done. And it shows in his
work. It's hard to find any mistakes in a James Cameron film. And it's
even harder to find plot holes.Some people say "Terminator 2 - Judgment Day" is better than the
original. It's hard to choose, because the two films are very
different. I view "The Terminator" as more of a deep,
intellectually-consuming, dark thriller. I view "Judgment Day" as an
action film, with a more or less recycled plot. (The plot is still
good, but it's still the same, too.) It's hard to choose a favorite
because they are so different. On "T2" the budget is ten times larger,
probably even more than that. But if you want a horror/thriller, "The
Terminator" is better for you. If you want special-effects and a really
fun time, see "T2." They're both excellent films."The Terminator" is a great movie. It is one of my favorites; it is
terrifying, horrifying, and 100 % entertaining. And unlike a lot of
other cheap actioners out there, "The Terminator" has some thought put
into its plot, and that is what separates it from the rest of its kind.
			
The Terminator is one of the best action movies of all time in my
opinion. It doesn't set a single foot wrong and it also kicked off a
wonderful saga. Without this, there would be no Terminator 2. Think
about that. As such, this movie is fondly remembered by many people and
it has been the subject of many quotes and spoofs over the years. Why
doesn't it set a foot wrong? It is thrilling, almost always
entertaining and filled with insane explosions, which more or less
makes a good action movie. But 'The Terminator' stands head and
shoulders above the rest of it's genre, because of it's well
thought-out plot, splendid acting and an eerily memorable music score
which gives you a reason to watch the credits at the end.Now to analysing why the plot is so well-thought out. Well, for one
thing, the concept of preventing or setting in stone the future by
going back in time was one which wasn't really explored in those days.
By exploring it, the Terminator was offering something different,
something which has inspired films such as Back to the Future (read the
plot synopsis for that film, there are a few similarities). The notion
of the final battle of a future war being fought in 'our present', not
in the future, between one member of opposing sides, in this case a man
and a machine, is also an intriguing one and sets the stage for an
exciting battle royale.I'll run down the plot while I'm here. Sarah Connor, a young woman in
her 20's, is the protagonist of the film and our two from the future,
Kyle Reese and the Terminator, revolve around her. Reese, who is a
battle-hardened soldier who has led a hard life in the wasteland which
is the future, must protect Sarah, while the Terminator, an unstoppable
cyborg, must kill her, in order to kill her unborn son, the leader of
the future resistance.All of this leads to some thrilling action scenes and insane
explosions, topped off by music scores which add to the tension and
excitement. The movie purrs into action quickly, but really kicks off
at a disco, where Reese and the Terminator have a shootout, resulting
in a city-wide drive-by chase involving the police which doesn't really
let up until Reese and Sarah are arrested. During the lull in the chase
scene, Reese tells Sarah about himself, the Terminator and their
general predicament, which is fairly realistic. The next action scene is the infamous police station massacre which
everyone seems to talk about whenever they discuss this movie. I can
understand why, too. The Terminator pretty much kills every cop in his
path with the greatest of ease, either with the AK-47, his shotgun, or
both. He also ends up cutting the power and setting the station on
fire, again adding to the tension and excitement. The last action scene which, like the one in T2, is a chase which leads
to a final showdown in a building. It is a slight letdown, but it is
still an intense scene. I will refrain from spoiling the ending, as
this is too good a movie to be spoiled.All of the acting fits the bill perfectly. As in T2, there is not a
single bad performance to be found. Michael Biehn delivers a remarkably
intense performance as Kyle Reese, acting like a typical human would in
his situation. He displays his range of emotions at the right times,
from passionate to worried to unyielding. It is a wonder that his only
other major movie is 'Aliens' and that he is starring in stuff like
'Clockstoppers' these days. Linda Hamilton again does well as Sarah
Connor, displaying an innocent woman who shows over the course of the
film why she is John Connor's mother, displaying previously unheralded
steel at the crunch. The support cast isn't too bad either (Dr.
Silberman makes his first appearance). But again, the best performance
in the film belongs to the bad guy, in this case, Arnold
Schwarzenegger. He acts like a killing machine should; incredibly cold,
sterile, soulless and unyielding. His facial expression never changes
throughout the film and his physical appearance makes him slightly more
imposing and intimidating than the Liquid Terminator. He also commences
his famous one-liners which have been the subject of many a spoof,
including (no, especially) "I'll be back." This is undoubtedly his best
performance, even though it is not his only good one.I will compliment all involved on making a movie which still manages to
look good despite having a low budget. I've seen pretty bad-looking
movies with fairly high budgets (read: Scooby-Doo), but never
good-looking movies with low budgets.In the end, The Terminator is a masterful action movie which laid the
groundwork for the equally brilliant Terminator 2. If you asked me
whether I preferred The Terminator or T2, I would say T2 because I am
more familiar with it, otherwise, these two would be on a level
footing. If you haven't seen this movie and are an action movie fan,
then see it immediately. You won't be disappointed. Trust me.5/5 stars
			
Terminator is an extremely low budget movie. In fact, just about
everything used in it didn't cost much at all, but it is a very
effective movie. Back in the '70's and 80's, movies could be very low
budget, but still be great(think of John Carpenter's Halloween).The Terminator is a story about how nuclear war causes the end to
mankind and the end result could be the start of an even greater
tragedy than the war its self. The entire message of The Terminator is
an anti nuclear war message.Many people think that a few parts in the beginning of the movie are
just some random things thrown in. I can understand why, but these
seemingly random scenes actually do have a lot to do with the story.Arnold does a great job as the cyborg who is programmed to kill without
mercy or remorse. For those who don't know, this is the movie where the
line "I'll be back" was spoken. The other actors do a good job in this.
Linda Hamilton made a great choice doing this movie and she really
improved her career through it(the movie she made before this was the
horrible Children Of The Corn).This is better than Terminator 2(which is still great by the way),
because this movie has more of a story and is more involved. I would
recommend watching this movie at any time, it is very well paced and
never gets boring, and if you have the time, watch T2 right after this.
			
This is one of the great movies of the 80s in MY collection that I
think about all the time.This is the one that started it all! Arnold is excellent in it! Linda
Hamilton was great! Michael Biehn was very good as the good guy! Paul
Winfield was good! Lance Hendrickson played a different character! In
their short roles Bill Paxton and Brian Thompson were cool! Look for
Dick Miller! The acting by the cast is very good! The action scenes are
very exciting with lots of gun fire and the special effects are
awesome! The music is great! Out of the three Terminator films it is
hard to decide which is the best but this one is damn good! In fact its
one of the best movies ever! I strongly recommend anyone who loves
Arnold and the other cast members I mentioned and especially if you
love action, sci-fi, or even horror movies to not rent but buy this
classic! I recommend The Terminator!Movie Nuttball's NOTES:There is one scene that I really like in the Terminator! It is when
Sarah Connor is at the dance club. What I love about it is the song and
the excellent slow motion camera. Its when Sarah drops something, she
goes to pick it up and while she is bending over The Terminator comes
walking through the dance floor! Its a classic moment!Bill Paxton has been a part of three huge franchises! Being The
Terminator as The Punk Leader, Aliens as Pvt. W. Hudson, and Predator 2
as Jerry Lambert! Lance Hendrickson has had a similar way of being in
epics like Paxton being in The Terminator as Detective Vukovich, in
Aliens as Bishop, Alien 3 as Bishop II, and as Charles Weyland in the
upcoming 2004 movie Alien vs. Predator! Hendrickson, believe it or not
was the original choice to play The Terminator! It is so amazing about
this!By Paxton and Hendrickson being in these films and that Alien Vs.
Predator is finally going to invade the theaters in 2004 could it be
that this has happened for a reason? The reason possibly being this: In
the great Dark Horse comic books there are many editions of Alien Vs.
Predator and a edition of Alien vs. Predator vs. The Terminator! What I
am saying is could this mean that Alien vs. Predator vs. The Terminator
will be made into a huge motion picture or a Alien vs. The Terminator
or even a Predator vs. The Terminator movie in the future? Its just a
thought but what if? I am sure some writers and/or directors have
talked about these subjects! I am also sure big fans of these films and
of The Terminator would love to watch these icons battle it out!
			
Spoilers Ahead:A low budget masterpiece that catapulted James Cameron to the awful
filmmaker he is today. It is without flaw; starts quickly, the film
only stops for a love scene, its short length is a positive. Notice how
Cameron is aware of Arnie's acting ability; he speaks very little
dialogue for a reason. The film is over thirty years old, when I saw it
nobody was there. The second time, a week later, the theater was
packed. Word spread quickly, it is very relentless and the Terminator
is thankfully devoid of all the castration that was to be the second
film. Here it is absolute cold reason, single minded destruction. Its
indifference to all collateral life around it, missing in the second
version, it what makes it different. The terminator views us as
annoying bugs and it swats us whenever it gets the chance. The coldness
Arnie evinces, when the bouncer tries to grab him, he crushes the kid's
hand so effortlessly. Arnie's performance was his very best. Acting
without dialogue is much harder; he uses his eyes and body language to
convey a cold, ruthless, heartless killing machine.The terminator overlay menus are great and add to the effect. I love
when the landlord asks him if there is a dead cat in there? Watch the
response he chooses. The pacing with the action set pieces are the star
of the movie. Linda Hamilton was always an average actress; she is
under control here where in the second movie he loses control of her
and she goes into her whole military misandrist Sarah with the world's
smallest muscles. Oooooh! my, those are scary! Michael Biehn is
excellent as Kyle; he works to salvage his scenes with Sarah. This is a
much harder, crueler terminator. He kills Ginger and her boyfriend
quite graphically. Cameron really conveys the coldness which was later
softened in the sequels. Yet, it is necessary to delineate the non
human quality of the machine. Arnie uses scanning movements with his
head which frankly were far superior to Bridge's overrated STARMAN
performance. It is difficult to portray a machine yet Arnie does it very well. I
love where he takes the cop talking on the radio, says nothing, grabs
him and bounces his forehead off the door jam. This is the way to show
a cold killing machine. The indestructibility of the terminator is done
well with believable damage to the machine not stopping it from
continuing to pursue its purpose. It is the only terminator worth
owning. I own the third one; hey, it was on sale. I refuse to own
Terminator 2: Sarah's Revenge on Men. It is so utterly hokey and
overdone with this terminator being completely castrated and turned
into Mr. Dorko. This is the only James Cameron movie I own. I am sorry
the man is so overrated. What a path downward from this masterpiece to
ATAVIST. It is quite a ride. I have seen it 50 or 60 times. I still put it in
every few months; what a masterpiece this tiny budgeted film is. It
shows you that you do not need a fortune to make a great movie. 10
			
The Terminator simply has to be my number 1 favourite movie of all
time. When the first time I saw the film I fell in love with it about
15 years ago. The truly original idea of the story-line is amazing
about a cyborg is sent from the future on a deadly mission. He has to
kill Sarah Connor, a young woman whose life will have a great
significance in years to come. Sarah has only one protector - Kyle
Reese - also sent from the future. The Terminator uses his exceptional
intelligence and strength to find Sarah. The movie was emotionally &
psychologically thrilling and made so dark & sinister that give the
tensive mood for the film. A well made for 80's film and I was
surprised when I heard that it made with a budget of $6.4 million
because it looks more expensive e.g. the nuclear war in Los Angeles
2029. I loved every second of it and the best scenes are:1. When the terminator killed Ginger & her boyfriend.2. Shootout at the nightclub (A classic scene in film history).3. Self surgery on his wrist & eye.4. Shootout at the police station.5. When the terminator was driving the lorry.6. When he unexpectedly rose from the fire as an endoskeleton after
that it was a nail biting experience to the end.The line "I'll be back" is simply the best quote for any film because
the audience never expected his position of coming back. Although it is
on the IMDb top 250 but it should have been No 1 top place because I
have never seen a better movie than this. I've seen it about 100 times
and I'm still not fed up. The Terminator gave me the passion about
films and my verdict is 1000, 000/10. It's nearly about 25 years old
and people still watch it. The 80's was the best decade for movies e.g.
An American Werewolf in London, Gremlins, A Nightmare in Elm Street &
Predator, the list is endless. Anyway no matter whatever happens there
will never be a better film than The Terminator.
			
I don't know if The Terminator is the best sci-fi/action film ever made
by anyone, but if it's not...then I don't know what is.I have seen this movie several dozen times since the age of 4, and it
just gets better every time. It does have a special place in my heart,
so I'll try and be as objective as possible in my review.The plot is not as complicated as it seems. A man from the future is
sent to 1984 Los Angeles to protect the mother of the unborn man who
will lead the human race in resistance to the machines, who have also
sent back a "terminator" to kill this woman, named Sarah Conner.What makes this movie so much fun to watch is the fact that it starts
going from frame one and doesn't stop until the very end. We first see
the terminator come back, kill some punks (Bill Paxon is one of them!)
rob a gun store, and proceed to kill everyone in the phone book who has
the name Sarah Conner. In the meantime, the man is sent back, chased by
the police, steals a shotgun and some homeless guy's clothes, and then
looks for Sarah Conner. And when we first see Sarah, she is a fumbling
waitress...not "the mother of the future".When the terminator, the man (named Kyle Reese), and Sarah Conner all
come together, we are treated to one of the paramount action scenes of
all time. All three people in the same location and the slow-motion and
cheesy 80's music starts up. At this point, anyone who is watching the
movie for the first time has no idea who's on who's side. Then the
terminator targets Sarah and Kyle interrupts the slow motion with
gunfire. After that is a short but effective shoot-out (Uzi 9mm
absolutely MUST be used in every 80's action movie), then a vehicle
chase while Kyle lays down the exposition.The thing that makes this movie so effective is the antagonist...the
terminator. He is shot several times, thrown through a window, hit by a
car...and he keeps on going. And I'm sure everyone (even some who have
not see the movie) knows the famous line "I'll be back", which is said
just before the terminator "visits the police station", if you know
what I mean. At this point, Sarah and Kyle are at the police station,
so they're safe, right? "There's thirty cops in this building", so they
must be safe. Wrong. Five minutes later, everyone is dead and the
building is burning to the ground...and the terminator keeps on going.James Cameron's directing is outstanding, especially considering the
$6,400,000 budget and the primitive yet effective special effects,
which deserve special mention. The effects in this movie are, in parts,
better than anything that can be done by today's cgi. Sure, there's
many parts which are out-dated as hell, but there's still certain
effects that look real enough to believe. The gas truck exploding at
the end was a miniature actually exploding, not some fake cgi crap done
on a computer. The metal terminator skeleton at the end is real, not a
cgi effect (but the stop-motion scenes look AWFUL).Considering the budget in relation to what was accomplished in this
film, it's truly a remarkable effort that could probably not have been
pulled off by anybody other than James Cameron. Add a script that is
commonly used as a teaching tool for upcoming screenwriters and you
have a spectacular film.The only bad thing about this movie is that after watching it today, it
makes you sad that nobody working today can make anything as good.
			
This quintessential marker of the decade may be modest in terms of its
budget. But it's certainly epic in terms of its ideas. A piece of
action-packed "tech stuff" on the surface, "The Terminator" comes a
very long way from simply being a stylish noiresque chase movie with
some time travel elements thrown in to spice it up. Because, first and
foremost, this stuff is thoroughly rich in meaning. In essence, it's a
superbly told tale of a lone warrior on a doomed mission who is given
only a fleeting moment to share with the only one of his life. While
desperately trying to protect her and everything human in human beings
from forces so overwhelmingly destructive that they seem to be on par
with the will of the gods in Greek tragedies. And the powerful
background, permeated with a sense of impending fate, against which
this drama is unfolding, apart from helping to deliver a serious and
convincing message, somewhat unexpectedly turns it into one of the most
poignant and poetic love stories  where love conquers time and space
and the moment becomes eternal. So this picture should be named among
very few actually substantial and emotional fables produced by the
department of mainstream entertainment  as it sets off on an infinite
journey far beyond the confines of a genre  and beyond the infinite.
			
The 1984 classic, an astounding production. One of Cameron's early
works, and yet one of his best. The ultimate thing that puts this film
on a whole another level above so many other flops is the awesome blend
of realism and atmosphere. When I first saw it as a kid, it just felt
so real to me. And now, ten years later,t that feeling hasn't left me.
Using his camera in a way only he can do, Cameron instills a sense of
dread in every scene, something good old Arnold did quite well.Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton also did extraordinarily so, just
putting the right amount of emotional touches to their performances.
Its an involving film throughout that never fails to hit hard, even in
light of some terrible and CGI loaded sequels. And who could forget the
score, which only added to the already excellent tension. My favorite
scene? No doubt, in a disturbing way, the scene where the T-101 is
repairing itself, and the lighting is just so perfect gives off a
feeling of absolute fear. Or perhaps the scene in the club where Reese
first engages the Terminator, either way ingenious and unforgettable
moments in film history.A classic in every way.
			
A great science-fiction film with a compelling story. James Cameron
does a good job interweaving a science-fiction narrative with other
elements. The movie is considered an independent film with a low
budget, but it feels much more than that. The animation for the time is
actually done quite well, especially for being a low budgeted film.
Linda Hamilton does a great job in the film. She doesn't over act her
lines and the end of the film I felt she really outshone in the factory
and leaving John her message. Michael Biehn also does a great
performance and Arnold Schwarzenegger does a good job, he may of had
very few lines but his physical acting is very well done.
Schwarzenegger did a good job at portraying a cyborg with use of
movements. The dream sequences in the film that go back and forth
between the future and the present is amazing, gives it more of a
chilling sense knowing that their future is full of hardship and
turmoil. Overall this film is amazing and for being 30 years old, is
still going to stand the test of time.
			
Raise your hand if you've seen The Terminator.Okay.So, people of Earth, how many of you recall the last time you caught
Arnold's breakout performance?Who were you with? Were you conveyed by carriage or dirigible?Put your hand down if you can't remember.I only ask because revisiting's worthwhile.This was my first time watching the movie, so my Dad and I
instant-streamed T1 via Netflix. And it's glorious, lemme tell ya.Soon as Arnold starts killing innocent people, my Dad says, "I don't
remember him being the bad guy."We realize he's never seen the first installment before. He only thinks
he remembers. And I bet that's the case for many folks not raising
their hand.It's been thirty years since release, but it holds up like you wouldn't
believe.Seriously. The Terminator's a smart movie.Every character is watertight. Prominent or minor the acting's often
what retains the captivation in between gunplay and chase scenes.The cops are Traxler and Vukovich, played by Paul Winfield and Lance
Henriksen (a.k.a. Bishop from Aliens), and have a humorous dynamic.
Sarah's roommate, Bess Motta as Ginger, is the sexy bouncy type, and
her boyfriend's a well-meaning dummy. Kyle Reese (played by Michael
Biehn) is withdrawn and serious.How about Linda Hamilton as Sarah Connor? She's such an ass-kicking
delight, her likeness is still utilized twenty-four years later in
Fox's Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. The show ran for two
seasons and stars the pinnacle of underrated actresses, Lena Headey.Talk about a crowning accolade for Hamilton's performance.As a standalone, the story is very good and there's almost no need for
a sequel. Although the ending lends itself to continuation, it's not
necessary.The movie's greatest weakness is the same mistake made by other science
fiction films like Escape from New York and Event Horizon; meaning a
drastic underestimation in regards to the timeframe. The scenes that
take place in the future are supposed to be set in 2029. I don't think
laser ammunition, synthetic skin cells and advanced artificial
intelligence are around the corner.Oh. And there's time travel.But this is a silly topic of discussion, because the plot's
'self-contained'; the rules allotted to the story's universe are
adequate enough. An artificial intelligence develops in 1997 that
learns at an exponential rate, making allowances for the suspension of
disbelief.The irony is, the film unfolds a lot like a horror movie.For now, all I'll say is that The Terminator is a classic must-see film
in the same manner The Great Gatsby's a must-read novel.Those without a hand in the air should stop reading here, because the
rest of the review will contain spoiler-heavy analysis.Nuance abounds in this movie, and it's illustrative of the intelligence
packed into every detail. Much of what occurs resonates thematically
with the overall narrative.For example, the recording on the girls' answering machine states,
"machines need love to," which obviously foreshadows Sarah's eventual
encounter with the Terminator. It's also ironically commenting on the
relationship between man and machine, and the eventual fate of
humanity.Another detail akin to this is the name of the club where the
Terminator finally locates Sarah. The name is Tech-Noir; which is a
touch of self-referential humor. The filmmaking resonates with noir
themes, and the subject matter's heavily rooted in science fiction.It's self-contained because of the limits established by the timeframe.
In 1984, a Terminator would indeed have to look through the phone book
for every 'Sarah Connor' and kill them off to ensure its mission's
accomplished. It also establishes conceivable distance between the
protagonist and the pursuing threat.The audience can accept humanity's resistance to obliteration against
seemingly insurmountable odds when considering ideas like utilizing
dogs to detect terminators.As for the special effects, most hold up quite nicely. And there
shouldn't be any problem for a sophisticated viewer, given the context
in which it's made. There is obvious use of green screen on set, and
some devolved CGI, but for the most part everything's on the up-and-up.Okay, let's dive in.Timeline A is the history Reese returns from, which includes all events
up until 2029. Timeline B is the realm in which the film unfolds, Earth
in 1984.Presumably, the John Connor of Timeline A didn't descend from Kyle
Reese and Sarah Connor, right? A terminator didn't arrive in Timeframe
A's 1984 to attempt the same assassination?I'm assuming Timeframe A becomes separate from reality and Timeframe B
will continue to unfold into an altered future.There appears to be no residual effects from the changing of history
yet. No chaos or collapse; which is nice.I wonder if the sequel will cover the issue of reconnecting the loop;
specifically, when history B reaches 2029, even if there's no such
thing as terminators, will Reese have to travel back in time to
impregnate Sarah again?Anyway, the reason I say it unfolds like a horror movie is the
impending doom that's constant throughout. Sarah encounters terrifying
scrapes with death around every turn. Consider the odds constantly
stacked against her.After escaping the police station and literally everyone dies, Reese
blasts the membrane off the Terminator's metal skeleton and dies to
blow its legs off.Yet its torso continues to crawl after Sarah and is only crushed by the
pneumatic press as his fingers claw at her face.The protagonist's terror is stretched to the utter limit, time and time
again.For those of you still holding an arm in the air, feel free to lower it
now.If nothing else you burnt some calories today, and learned two things
about yourself.1. You're easily manipulated. And 2. You have exquisite taste in movie
reviews.
			
I have no defense. I stand guilty as charged. I must be insane.The Terminator, for so many, many, many reasons should never be
anybody's number one movie of all time. Better "films" exist. Certainly
better actors. Better photography and special effects existed at the
time. Much classier direction could be found in abundance, I kid not.It was the film of the moment, and the moment was a very complex one. A
moment when two thirds of the world were holding their breath for World
War III to begin. The schools and mass media were educating children as
young as twelve that nuclear war was probable, and what those terrified
young people needed to do should "the four minute warning" (in the
U.K.) be given by T.V., radio and War War II relic Klaxon Horns. Yes,
my generation grew up with this. When humans with itchy trigger fingers
were barely being controlled by others with nerves of steel and the
courage to state that Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD) was not a
viable solution. However, while they could not reach "the big red
buttons", the military of the two superpowers of "The Cold War" were
using computers and technology to enhance their reasoning and their
ability to respond.Films like "The Forbin Project" and "War Games" almost projected the
unidentified third man into the public psyche, but these films were
either too cult/boring or too Hollywood Happy Ending to hit the mark.The Terminator ended all doubts. If we did not kill each other, the
machines we built to "defend" us were the unidentified enemy and, if
given enough power and freedom, they would resolve to eliminate all
humans in order to survive our MAD ambitions.This alone would have made this a worthy 8/10 movie, but the twist that
was added by the fully comprehensible Time Travel Paradox slotted in to
the life story of the main character, "Sarah Connor", is what maintains
this film as number one for me.Spoiler Alert: If you have not seen it, read no further. Come back and
read the rest of this review after seeing the movie (yes, really,
through to the end {the movie, not this review!} ) to see if you agree.The first time I saw the movie, I was perhaps 17, but the Time Travel
Paradox had been hit upon by a number of books and one film in
particular, "The Time Machine". But the consequences of changing the
past that could affect the present such that you might never be born in
order to travel back in time to make those changes, thus time always
self corrects, etc, etc was not made so startlingly clear until ...
"What should I tell you about your father?"The line just hung in the air.It marked, (and still marks), the viewer deeply with a question that
seems impossible to answer.If Sarah Connor did not tell her son, "John Connor", that his already
dead father had not yet been born, but that they will meet when John is
a grown man and a leader of a group of guerrilla warriors fighting
against artificially intelligent machines that will be set on the
absolute extermination of the human race, and that he must convince and
prepare that man, his father, "Kyle Reese", to travel back through time
(through a time travel device that will be created by the genocidal
machines specifically to send a robot soldier, "The Terminator", back
to the recent past to kill John Connor's mother, Sarah, before John is
born) to save his mother and ... to become his father.From here, the viewer is left with an endless list of questions that
can keep the mind imagining consequences of action, or inaction, on the
parts of any of these three protagonists, Sarah, Kyle and John ... plus
the damned Terminator and the SkyNet computer network.Best movie of all time? Thirty years on, and the number of questions
continues to increase. No other film, science fiction or otherwise, has
created so many thoughts that related directly to my life (particularly
during the Cold War), to my work (during thirty years in the I.T.
industry) and to the future I see for the human race ... and as hard as
we have fought to avoid it, the more we seem to be creating it."There is a storm coming"
			
I don't know how it gets any better. I have watched this film many
times and still love it, still feel the tension in the situation, the
terror.Its just about perfect. the acting is great, michael biehn especially.
The bad guy is bad, there's no mercy in there. Like many Cameron films,
the dialogue brings out real characters, and the relationship between
the Sarah and kyle feels genuine. The way the film unfolds is
constantly gripping. The soundtrack really emphasises the desperate
struggle.And most of all the whole movie does justice to the plot, and the plot
is absolutely watertight. Like the best science fiction films, it
leaves you thinking about it, it leaves you agog at the possibility of
it, and it doesn't have any holes - the downfall of Terminator 2 in my
opinion, which doesn't make any sense from a plot point of view given
Terminator.10 out of 10 - the effects may date but they don't make a movie.
Brilliant.
			
$100million or more may have been spent to make the much celebrated
sequel, but this, the original, stays longest in my mind, and I suspect
a good many other people's too.For all the hype about T2, that film simply does not have the narrative
drive which is on show here. Fusing the concept of time travel with the
theme of assassination, James Cameron's picture has echoes of such
classics as Day of the Jackal; the extra twist here of course is that
the Terminator would appear to be indestructible. It's as though Steve
Austin (TV's Bionic Man) had transformed into Mr Hyde.By creating a tightly written thriller, with an almost claustrophobic
sense of tension to it, Cameron proved right at the start of his career
he does not need a mega budget to make a great film. Indeed, it's
significant to note that the two finest pictures of Cameron's career,
critically at least, The Terminator and Aliens, are also the two films
with the smallest budgets.T2, Titanic and Avatar have reaped over $4 billion, but hand on heart,
can anyone honestly claim those pictures, in regard to writing,
direction, and a compelling storyline come anywhere close to the
tension and sense of drama which he manages to evoke here in less than
a couple of hours? I seriously doubt it.
			

The Terminator, created after another one of James Cameron's reaccuring
dreams (Abyss was another one.)  A true beginning in sci-fi movies.  As
Schwarzenegger said to his friend when he was picked to play the part as the
Terminator, "they want me to play as some robot from the future in this
weird sci-fi movie." His friend said, "take it."
Schwarzenegger is perfect as the Terminator, merciless, no fear, no love, no
pity, no remorse, no emotions.  None could have pulled it off as well as he
did.  Even his eyes showed no emotion with still showing true
evil.
Michael Beign is just the opposite.  A man sent from the future to stop this
machine.  He plays his part as perfect as Schwarzenegger plays his.  A
perfect cast of characters for an all star movie!
Plenty of action, story line, plot, character interaction, love story, and
romance.  Everything is tied into this movie that possibly could be, making
it a 3 star movie.  Only drawback is it's a little dragged out at parts and
gets slightly boring from time to time but it's so minor that one would have
to think about it to care.
A truly awesome movie.
			
Terminator (1) is a sci-fi/action/noir movie with a straightforward
storytelling about time travel, indestructible killer machine, and
everything that was 80s all about.Cool Pop/rock Disco musics, 80s fashion, the electronic dark soundtrack
reflecting the overshadowing story prior scenes which take place mostly
in night-time, blue/red neon lights and lasers, love scene between two
desperate yet heroic characters (but not in a cheese way, no sir).
Everything is just perfectly lined up, telling a very dark story which
holds its apocalyptic atmosphere throughout the movie from start to the
end. You just smell the 80's all over the film, leaving you in such
territory of feelings that today's movies cannot give, they just can't.
The time travel concept suddenly becomes one with the movie's antic
factor, as this period of our history presented here is no more, even
if people are desperately trying to bring us back in time with their
nostalgia today, no effort is enough to give us the real feelings as
this movie does."Burnin' on the third degree"; "You can't do that to me"; only the
choice of music gives the right view to Cameron's sense of
conceptualism, reflecting the cool and innocent Sarah suddenly grabbed
by an unfortunate, overshadowing sorrow, as the Terminator comes to
terminate her for actions that haven't even occurred from her view.
Then "Pictures of you, from another time and place" puts Kyle Reese
into this concept as he held the one and only photo of the woman of
importance, Sarah Connor. Besides all this the seemingly unavoidable
dark future paints the sonic foundation to the whole soundtrack, its
futuristic, robotic, and deadly, but most importantly; overshadowing.The story elegantly emerges prior the scenes, built around the dark
tension the movie is based on, giving the right informations at the
right time in a really fast yet healthy phase. The acting is also spot on, especially Linda Hamilton's natural talent
manifests itself in any kind of scene, let it be action, drama, horror.
This also applies to Michael Biehn, even though there are some almost
"not that good" acting from his part, however these are rare moments.
And of course there is Arnie, with his muscles and plain face, that are
quite enough for a part like THE TERMINATOR itself.With these elements above Cameron managed to create something so
perfectly pure, that it just puts his latter movies look so below
class. The Terminator 2: Judgement Day that came after this maintained
the quality the Terminator 1 embraced, yet it couldn't remotely bring
the same tension and atmosphere that the original movie had, however
anything else was brought to the next level by which the movie
Terminator 2 - from technical point of view - is still up to date.
Terminator (1) relatively has some effects which can be considered out
of date, however this immediately drops out of equation as we bring up
the artistic quality of its, that couldn't and cannot be outdone by any
kind of Cameron's latter productions. And that is the kind of quality
that I hold most dearly. Terminator 1 is easily the best in the series, that can be watched more
times than any of the sequels. 9.5/10
			
Fantastic film! my favourite film of the 80s along with Robert Zemeckis
Back to the future. One of Arnold's first films as a professional
Actor, and his most memorable role. With James Cameron directing, this
is definitely my favourite film of his by far. Most people think that
Terminator 2 is even better than this one. But for me, this beats it
every time. I love Terminator 2, but i thought that it dragged out a
lot longer than this film. This film was the perfect amount of time for
a film to be running without getting boring. And leaves tension all the
way. I used to be inspired by The Terminator when i was younger, and
I'm pretty sure it was my favourite film at one point. Arnold
Schwarzeneggar does such an amazing job as the Terminator, it's
unbelievable. I know James Cameron tried to make him look cooler as the
guardian in Terminator 2, but in this film to me is as cool as you can
get. With supporting acts of Linda Hamilton (Sarah Conner) and Michael
Biehn (Kyle Reese) the whole film is a complete blow-out!
Schwarzeneggar was perfect for the role of The Terminator, with the
size that he is, the one thing i didn't like with Terminator 2, is that
he was the half the size he was in the first one. I know it was 7 years
after the first one, and he had stopped bodybuilding, but still i think
he should have been the same size as in the first one for playing a
Terminator. With Terminator 2, it had a clever concept, and is probably
the most well though out Terminator movie of them all, with Robert
Patric playing a new style of Terminator. I think the first one if
slightly better because it was Cameron's original idea for a film, and
plus i think if you are playing a Terminator you need to be a
considerably big and intimidating size like Arnold was.
			
The Terminator is one of the most awesome science fiction movies ever
to be made. The year is 2029 and a mercenary cyborg called the
Terminator is sent back to 1984 to kill the mother of the human
resistance leader and savior, John Connor. The Terminators plan is
being held back by a man named Kyle Reese who is there to protect her
and the rest is bloody history. the movie is a intense action flick
with decent action, a good story, and the most iconic scene in movie
history, the police shoot out. i highly recommend this movie for anyone
who wants a good flick from the 80's and to see when movies actually
has effort put into them, there are a few exceptions here and there.
			
It's so crazy to think that James Cameron "peaked" back in 1984 with
"The Terminator". Of course the man has gone on to constantly top his
achievements with stunning special effects, and the two highest
grossing pictures of all time. But can you actually believe that
Cameron had sold the rights for one dollar, and it has gone on to
become one of the most popular movie franchises ever made?! A cyborg (Arnold Schwarzenegger) from weapons program SKYNET, is sent
back in time from the year 2029 to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton), the mother of mankind's future saviour. Kyle Reese (Michael
Biehn), a soldier from the future is also sent back in time to save
her. "The Terminator" in a nutshell, is spectacular. From the
"Tech-Noir" style, the casting and immortal theme composed by Brad
Fiedel. I can't begin to say how much this left an impression on me at
10 years old, albeit my parents sat me through the sequel first in
order to see if I could handle this one. Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn have a wonderful kind of chemistry,
that doesn't fall into familiar mediocrity or the most absurd levels of
an unexpected romance. But of course the whole movie is Arnold
Schwarzenegger's playground, and boy does it look like fun to be in his
shoes. What's left to say is that Cameron's shots remain ever present
in my head, and Stan Winston's practical effects are still capable of
making my friends stomach churn.Final Verdict: An icon of Science-fiction is born, and one of the best
movies you can't wait to be old enough to watch (Luckily I managed to
skip a couple years). 10/10.
			
*Possible Spoilers*The fact that James Cameron's low budget 1984 breakthrough film, The
Terminator is an undisputed classic of 80's cinema and cinema in
general is just that, undisputed. It is however, one of a handful of
first films that may be bettered by its sequel, in this case Cameron's
1991 epic, big budget follow up, Terminator 2: Judgement Day. For me
the second film had always been my favourite of the two (I try to
ignore the rest) but on re- watching the original recently I have a
renewed love of the film. It's grittiness and dark tone, devoid of
humour is very refreshing in this sanitised PG-13 age of Hollywood that
we now live in. Arnold Schwarzenegger is unrelentingly menacing as the titular killer
cyborg from the future and it's a stunningly well paced film. It's very
much a product of the 80's with its garish fashion and big hair but
that's in no way a bad thing as it's setting is very much an integral
part of the plot. T2 is grander, more epic and still near flawless but
I fear it suffers from too much exposure if there can be such a thing.
It's been on TV a million times and released more times on various home
video formats than almost any other film and is maybe a little too much
in the public lexicon to be viewed outside of itself and it's own
reputation. The original has a lower budget feel that gives it an
almost indie quality that has done it no such harm. Set over the course
of two days and nights there is a greater sense of intimacy with the
first film and a dark tone that's very film noir (or should that be
Tech Noir?). Schwarzenegger, in only his second major role, has only a handful of
lines but commands the screen with a presence that sets him apart as
one of cinemas truly frightening villains. When you consider that both
OJ Simpson and Lance Henriksen had been considered for the role prior
to the Austrian Oak it's lucky that Cameron made such an inspired
casting decision and it would be interesting to peer into an alternate
universe and see what the other two actors would have brought to the
role. Linda Hamilton shines as Sarah Connor, the T-800's timid, shell-shocked
target and by film's end it's great to see her transition into
something that more closely resembles (at least mentally) T2's ripped
killing machine mom. Michael Biehn also gives a superb, understated
performance as the battle-weary human soldier sent back to protect
Sarah. The sense of impending doom he conveys whilst never straying
from his mission adds immensely to the film's pre-post-apocalyptic
theme. There are many great plot devices and technical flourishes that I could
mention such as the idea that Kyle is the father of the man that sent
him back to the past in the first place, a mind bending temporal
causality loop that gives food for thought and debate. On the technical front the cinematography, iconic score and soundtrack
and tight editing are all first rate. One particular scene
representative of these aspects so finely melded by Cameron's deft hand
is the scene where Sarah and the Terminator first meet. As the cyborg
walks through the Tech Noir nightclub and approaches the table where
Sarah sits waiting for the arrival of the LAPD, the film shifts into a
dreamlike slow motion as Sarah knocks a bottle onto the floor, bends
down to pick it up just long enough for the T-800 to miss her as he
passes. The 80's rock music is now muffled by the dilation of time as
the score comes in, Sarah gets up and sees not the cyborg but Kyle
staring at her from across the bar oblivious to the fact that her
hunter has now doubled back and is about to see her. Just as the slo-mo
tension reaches a climax Kyle sees what Sarah hasn't as she lifts her
gaze to the machine as he pulls out a gun, Kyle does the same and we
kick back into real-time and all hell breaks loose. This level of
tension is maintained for the film's duration and marks it as one of
cinema's most efficient thrillers. We've since seen what Cameron can do with huge budgets and established
effects houses and there's no denying that he's more than made his mark
on the movie world. However, one can't help but think that ever since
he declared himself King of the World, his films, quality wise at
least, have diminished. I still lean towards T2 as the more personally
fulfilling entertainment spectacle of the two films but back in 1984
with very real limitations made worse by on-set woes, problems with
studio heads and the lack of any prior reputation, Cameron made best of
what he had and that estimated $6.4 million budget was stretched
further than anyone could have imagined. He ended up giving us a
classic film of such quality that it made sure that the audience, like
the Terminator himself, would indeed be back.
			
Schwarzenegger stars as the T-800, a ruthless, dominate cyborg sent
from the future to kill Sarah Connor (as played by Linda Hamilton). The
reason for this is she will give birth to a boy called 'John Connor'
who, in years from now, will lead humanity into war against cyborgs in
battles that only the future knows of. These intelligent and highly
advanced machines are set to destroy what is left of the human race
itself. Another man, from the future, is sent back to 1984 as well to
help and protect Sarah from the Terminator, making sure that no matter
what, she doesn't die and gives birth to John. This man sent back from
the future, is Kyle Reese (played by Michael Biehn). Kyle is John
Connor's father. The Terminator arrives from the future. He walks up to
a group of Punks. He demands their clothes. One of the Punks pulls out
a Knife and stabs the T-800, but that's not going to do much at all.
Reese appears. He gets hold of a jacket and a Shotgun. He cuts a part
of it off so he's able to stash it in his jacket. A guy appears in
Sarah's friends house. We see that the girl is going through to her
kitchen to make her boyfriend something to eat now that he's sleeping .
Then, the T-800 arrives. He comes in through the window to where the
guy is sleeping. Throughout various scenes in the film, much before
this scene, we see the T-800 going through different people on who he
thinks is the real Sarah Connor. He goes to this location (Sarah's
friends house) but at this point she's gone. T- 800 goes to grab the
guy whilst he's in his sleep but the guy awakes and at this moment the
T-800 punches a hole (I think) through the pillow, but what I do know
is that the pillow's feathers goes everywhere. They have a little
scuffle and the guy unleashes some verbal comments before attempting to
put this cyborg down. Unfortunately for him, he gets battered and
beaten up by the T- 800. This happens while the guys girlfriend is
making him something to eat with her headphones in. She arrives in the
hallway to accompany her boyfriend with a meal, but meats the T-800,
just a few seconds after seeing her dead boyfriend getting thrown
through the bedroom door. The T-800 kills the friend of Sarah's. Sarah
goes to a nightclub as she thinks someone is following her. It's Kyle
Reese. She arrives at a disco/bar called "Tech noir". The Terminator
arrives at the scene. He walks in without paying. A guy goes to stop
him, but the result is him getting his hand CRUSHED! Kyle Reese is in the bar too!Only moments later...he spots her! He pulls out his gun and goes to
shoot her. Kyle Reese, at this point, turns around and whoops out his
Shotgun. He fires and lays some clicks into the T- 800. The T-800 fires
a few shots and they hit the person running behind Sarah. She collapses
and dies instantly, before falling on top of Sarah. Sarah struggles to
get up, as the Terminator walks towards her. Kyle manages to appear
again firing at the T-800 sending him through a glass window. He says
to Sarah- "Come with me if you want to live". The T- 800 rises from the
glass without any harm. He chases them when they're running to escape.
In one scene of the film, Sarah is held in a jail station. She gets
some rest in a little room for a little while. The T-800 arrives at the
scene. He asks to see Sarah and gets refused. He says "I'll be back"-
the FAMOUS Schwarzenegger quote used in various films he's starred in.
He then drives the car through the jail station and kills one of the
officers while he's writing at a desk. He then goes on the hunt for
Sarah and while doing so, kills many officers with his weapons. Kyle
comes in and finds Sarah. Later, Sarah and Kyle have sex at a motel. The T-800 goes on the hunt
for them. Kyle and Sarah are getting chased with by the Terminator
while they're in the car and he's on his bike. He crashes and gets run
over by a MASSIVE truck. Then gets up, demands a guy to get out the
truck and starts driving. Sarah grabs Kyle from the ground and does her
best to get him up and moving by saying "On your feet, Soldier. On your
feet!". They're running at their best while the T-800 drives this huge
truck down and attempts to kill them both. He fails at that as Kyle
puts a pipebomb in an exhaust pipe, thus blowing the truck up with the
T-800 in it. In a huge fire, all the skin burns off of the Terminator
and Kyle turns round, only to be amazed that he's not yet destroyed.
They both run into a huge mechanical factory. The Terminator chases
them. They manage to get behind a huge, metal door before it catches
them. But that doesn't stop it, as it barges through. Kyle tries
everything in his absolute might to defeat the cyborg, and he even
tries whacking it about with a steel pole. The Terminator knocks it out
of his hand. He gets knocked about by the Terminator. Kyle lets off
another pipebomb. This blows up the Terminator. Sarah goes over to the
body, only to sadly and deeply realise, he's dead. The Terminator sits
up, although having no legs, is still programmed to be moving
functionally well. It gets crushed due to a huge hydraulic press that
it goes through to get Sarah. The epilogue sees a pregnant Sarah
driving through Mexico. She collects the photo that John gives to Reese
in the future, from a young boy who at this point, takes the photo.
			
I've heard a lot about "The Terminator",about it being one of the
greatest action films ever made,all the iconic lines like "I will be
back",but I never really had a chance to see it,until now.And I must
say,it did not disappoint.The plot is very creative and although it might seem confusing at first
with all the time travel and stuff,the story is quite easy to follow
and it sucks you in pretty quickly.You will not feel bored a single
minute while watching this movie.The action scenes are awesome and ,in
my opinion,choosing Arnold Schwarzenegger for the role of the
terminator was ingenious,as emoting isn't exactly his strong suite,but
that's exactly what is needed for such a role.What really surprised me,was how low the budget for this film was-only
6.4 million!When you look at the movie,it seems that far more cash was
thrown in to it.I especially liked the stop-motion terminator near the
end,it was done extremely well.Overall,"The Terminator" is a movie worthy of it's reputation,I
strongly recommend it.
			
Who can turn down a James Cameron film like this? The Terminator (1984)
is a classic on every level. The story was brilliantly written. The
cast that was chosen for each role was done perfectly. The special
effects, although very outdated by today's standards, still entertains
and inspires the next generation of sci-fi filmmakers. And the music
was an extreme role player throughout.The whole story itself is an enormous step in a new direction. At the
time, no one was truly thinking about the possible downside to
artificial intelligence. But who could have thought that machines could
become smarter than humans and decide to take over? Well James Cameron
did. The plot is so in depth with detail that it's hard not to become
involved in the plot as well.Arnold Schwarzenegger being the choice of the Terminator was the best
choice the casting department could have ever done. Not only is he good
but he can be quite terrifying too. Linda Hamilton as Sarah Connor was
accurate because although she's scared quite often throughout the
running time, she later becomes a much stronger individual. And Michael
Biehn as Kyle Reese was a good choice too because he definitely acts
and looks like a run down soldier looking to find a way to change the
future that he came from.Stan Winston and his team of specialists provide the special effects
and boy do they look great. With a mix of using puppetry and
stop-motion animation, the entire look of the terminator is very
interesting to watch. Not to mention that this thing can take a
beating, either by its enemies or by itself! And the music by Brad
Fiedel adds the final touch to the film. Fiedel makes the music have a
sci-fi tone and whenever the terminator is on screen, there's a certain
theme to it that gives it a very ominous feel. It's very creepy, but
effective! It's surprising that director Cameron came to such glory
from this movie after he directed such a sub-par film known as Piranha
Part II: The Spawning (1981)!This is the film that launched director James Cameron into show biz.
With all the elements picked out perfectly, The Terminator is bound to
strike the right chord.
			

Terminator is my favorite movie. I love the characters, the script, and the
actors. I know it's an old movie, but...what the hell! I never get tired of
seeing it! (call me obsessive). So what else can I say? I recommend it to
all those sci-fi lovers (like me).
			
This movie blew me away when I first saw it in the theater in 1984. It
was futuristic and intense with a good action movie cast and, of
course, Arnold. Look for Lance Henrickson, Paul Winfield and even Bill
Paxton in an early role as punk #1.It's a sci fi classic now, and it set the bar the countless movies that
came after it. If you line this movie up with Halloween, The Warriors,
The Thing, Alien and a few others from the late '70s to the mid '80s,
you have what amounts to a latter day golden age of science
fiction/action/horror films.If you're a fan, you've seen this movie countless times. If you haven't
seen it, see it now. It's definitely better than the sequels.
			
Awesome! Arnold Schwarzenegger was perfect, Linda Hamilton and Michael
Biehn were great too! The movie is spectacular in every way, I hope you
check it out, you will not be disappointed. Really, you won't it's
amazing, the acting was great, the action was great, great special
effects, great story, and perfect movie! You'll love it, guarantee. The
whole thing is just straight up awesome, every bit of it. There's some
really cool scenes, like at the police station shoot out, that was
awesome. It's an amazing movie, in every way, you will love it, if you
haven't seen it, you need to. It's great, perfect in every tiny little
way!
			
Based on the writings of science fiction author Harlan Ellison, James
Cameron's dark vision of the future was a launching pad for several
careers in Hollywood. Arnold Schwarzenegger was at the height of his
career and appearance in 1984, so his size and musculature made him the
perfect choice to play the killing machine from the future. Linda
Hamilton became a star after a somewhat lackluster career by portraying
Sarah Connor, a role she reprises in T2: Judgment Day. Micheal Biehn, a
heretofore minor character actor, gained overnight popularity as Kyle
Reese and went on to film other action films, including Navy Seals and
Aliens. Even Lance Henriksen can claim a large amount of his success on
his role as Det. Hal Vukovich, and both Bill Paxton and Brian Thompson
were seen early in their careers thanks to their brief but memorable
roles as the punks who first confront the Terminator.While the special effects were not what we would expect to see now, for
1984 they were exceptional. The mechanical movements of Arnold were
timed and precise, and the skeletal movements of the Terminator at the
end of the film are matched with his character. There are some
disparities in the plot, but those are the normal disparities that come
with any time travel story. The action, once we get past the initial
introduction of characters, is fast. Even when the action slows, the
plot moves forward with a consistency rarely seen in action films, and
the on-going development of the characters is well written and acted.
Its popularity is apparent, since it has spawned no less that three
sequels which manage to cover every question, including how John Conner
got the scars across his face. Rated R for sex, language, and violence,
older teens will probably not find the solitary scene between Sarah and
Kyle too embarrassing, and the younger kids should be in bed.
Definitely a collectible for any good collector.
			
So I am watching this movie right now on AMC and it took me back to
when I originally saw it. I was in college in 1984 and I went to see
this film with a good friend of mine. It grabbed my attention from the
opening credits and would not let me go!I had seen Arnold in a few movies so he was familiar. His performance
was perfect. The adorable Linda Hamilton is terrific as the scared
"mother of the future". The story is creepy because 26 years after it
opened the concept of a machine man is believable. When this movie
ended I walked out of the theater exhausted. Very few movies have had
that effect on me. I have watched this film maybe 30 times and never gotten bored. Highly
recommended for viewing.
			
When it came out many people saw this film as a bad, low-budget B-move,
and laughed at it. These people couldn't have felt very smart
afterwords...The Terminator can be looked on two different ways: either it's a
average sci-fi action film about a killer robot that goes on a killing
spree, or it may be one of the best and deepest sci-fi movie ever made.
I see it as the last one. Sure the action is great and Arnold as the
terminator is just bad-ass. But I feel that it contains a message(or
warning) that maybe technology moves at a speed that may cause it to
harm us in the end. When you think about it, when this movie came out,
many of the things in the movie seemed impossible. But now only 30
years later we are closing in on "The Terminator" future. In this age
technology are used to make weapons more and more advanced, and we are
already using robots on the battlefield(for example the predator
drone).This makes me think, where will it stop (if ever), and will we in the
end have made such powerful weapons that it exposes a threat to
mankind... something to think about.I'll be back
			
Yes , Terminator, the big and bad cyborg , Arnold is great, i am a fan
of this guy for so many years. I think Terminator is one of his best
moments. This film is really violent,not violent in the sense of
reality , but in film, in a car crash we see the body in there, hit the
wall, smash his head in the car, of course is a robber Terminator
there, but creates a impact see scenes like that. The scene were he is
after Linda Hamilton in the Police Department, there is the inspiration
for the future FPS games. The part of the apartment "Fuck you asshole "
was great, he nows exactly what to say in the situation. 10 TO 10 ,
awesome.
			
Good action movies like this are rare. They just don't make them like
they used to. But this is one for the ages. You can not create another
storyline like this one and get even 1/10 the results.The Terminator is a classic and most likely will be even after the
"future" portrayed in the film. James Cameron has done a great job of
creating one of the best movies of all times.First off, there's a perfect cast. Every part seems to have been
specially designed for the actor. The Terminator could not have been
played by anyone other than Arnold. If the Terminator is played by
anyone BESIDES Arnold, then it is not being played correctly. Arnold
plays him so coldly but very cool as well (if THAT makes any sense).
Michael Biehn plays the fearless, mentally unstable hero, Kyle Reese
better than anyone else could have. Linda Hamilton shows her famous
"heroine" performance here as the young, not-yet-tough Sarah Connor.Combine great performances with a perfect story and you have one of the
best movies ever made. This movie can seem like a slasher at times, but
it is far above any slasher.This is one movie that everyone should see at least once. 10/10. If you
haven't seen this movie, you either don't have the money to see it or
you just don't like good movies. (Comment rating going to hell for that
one)
			
This isn't really about The Terminator as much as its star. Not Arnold
"The Governor" Schwarzenegger, but Michael Biehn. If there is an actor
who is less appreciated for his work, then i don't know as much about
cinema as I thought. He is, in my opinion, one of the greatest actors
of all time, but he hits a peak in James Cameron's 1984 film "The
Terminator". From the moment when he first steals that tramp's pants to
his heroic death, he acts with a degree of intensity and skill that is
rarely seen in film today. True, the rest of the cast are fantastic,
and the script and direction are basically perfect, but for me the
highlight of this film will always be Michael Biehn. I do think that
The Terminator is one of my favourite films, and one i never tire of
watching. its f***ing amazing!
			
"The Terminator" was such a big hit when it got to theaters in 1984.
ALthough the film's budget was somewhat low, the film managed to earn a
lot of respect and attention from fans of the science fiction genre.The movie's storyline is very imaginative. It features a story of
time-travel mixed with action elements, and a dose of romance. The
special effects were pretty good for its time. The action scenes were
very fierce, which can leave the viewers on the edge of their seats.
And the romantic chemistry between Michael Biehn's & Linda Hamilton's
characters was very believable, and it makes the viewer want to know
more about their characters.Most of the film was shot at night, which gives the atmosphere in the
movie a more darker feeling. It also helped the film-makers' greatly
because the budget was very low.And finally, the Terminator itself is arguably Arnold Schwarzenegger's
best role. He fits the role of the musclebound cyborg perfectly.
Furthermore, he was very believable as a half-man-half-machine "bounty
hunter". Plus, he was really scary.Overall, The Terminator is an excellent sci-fi film with a great
storyline and great actors & actresses. It is a true Sci-Fi classic
that spawned a great sequel and was referenced in many later films. If
you haven't seen the movie yet, I highly recommend that you do so.
			
When James Cameron finally got the Terminator made, the studio refused
to advertise it as a "science fiction film", which puzzled Cameron.
When he asked why, they said it didn't count as science fiction because
it wasn't set in outer space like Star Trek and Star Wars. Jim shot
back that it was science fiction because it dealt with time travel and
cyborgs. This was significant for science fiction film making because,
as much fun as those out of this world galaxies are, science fiction
can still be compelling when set on Earth. The film also made a star
out of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Well, technically "Conan the Barbarian"
did that, but "Terminator" helped him break out of costume films and
get into the shoot 'em ups.Arnold plays the title character, a robot in human skin sent back to
1984 LA to kill Sarah Connor (a 28 year old Linda Hamilton with her
hair dyed dirty blond), a good natured but lonely, somewhat
scatter-brained, hapless waitress who has no idea of just how important
she really is: she's the mother of John Connor, the man who will save
what's left of the human race in the year 2019 when the machines have
almost succeeded in taking over the world. Sarah's only hope is Kyle
Reese (Michael Biehn, who later starred in James Cameron's "Aliens" and
"The Abyss"), a soldier sent back from the future to protect her from
the Terminator. Chaos and mayhem ensue, along with a high body count
and the unexpected love story between Sarah & Kyle, the latter who
turns out to be John Connor's father. Oh the irony of Kyle's response
to Sarah's question about John's father: "John never said much about
him... I know he dies before the war."Yes, some of the special effects are dated (namely the puppet head used
for the scene where the Terminator cuts out its damaged eye and a few
of the stop motion effects) and it's set in its era and it kind of runs
out of steam towards the end, but the rest of the film is great: it's
dark, it's eerie, it's seamy, it's atmospheric, it's violent, it's got
pretty much everything. Arnold dominates pretty much every scene he's
in. Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton are sympathetic protagonists.Personally, I like this one better than the sequels, possibly because
there's no Edward Furlong in it. The big difference between the films
is that the original was more of a thriller, an extended chase scene,
whereas the sequels were more about style and special effects and blow
you away action sequences. But it's all good in the end. This is also a
great examination of what could happen should technology get out of
hand, ala "Blade Runner".The DVD has two options of sound effects, the old mono system and a
newer, more sophisticated one. I highly advise you not to listen to the
newer sound system because it makes everything in the film sound really
fake. The DVD also has deleted scenes, mostly notably a scene where
Reese suffers an emotional break down over being displaced in time, an
angle that never surfaced in the film but would have been very
interesting to bring up."I'll be back."
			
In 1984 Los Angeles, a cyborg assassin known as a Terminator arrives
from 2029 and steals guns and clothes. Shortly afterwards, Kyle Reese,
a human soldier, also arrives. He steals clothes from a homeless man
and evades the police. The Terminator begins systematically killing
women named Sarah Connor, whose addresses he finds in the telephone
directory. He tracks the third Sarah Connor to a nightclub, but Kyle
rescues her. The two steal a car and escape with the Terminator
pursuing them in a police car.As they hide in a parking lot, Kyle explains to Sarah that an
artificial intelligence defense network, known as Skynet, will become
self-aware in the near future and initiate a nuclear holocaust. Sarah's
future son John will rally the survivors and lead a resistance movement
against Skynet and its army of machines. With the Resistance on the
verge of victory, Skynet sent a Terminator back in time to kill Sarah
before John is born, to prevent the formation of the Resistance. The
Terminator is an efficient killing machine with a powerful metal
endoskeleton and an external layer of living tissue that makes him
appear human.
			
Widely regarded as something of a classic in the realms of science
fiction and action films, I think that this film is an underrated
horror film and may be in fact one of the most frightening films I have
ever seen, due to the fact that I had a fascination for it as a child.
Director James Cameron, better known to modern audiences for his
bloated epic TITANIC, truly succeeded in creating a classic film, one
which I would watch many times over his later, waterlogged dreck. THE
TERMINATOR was a hugely popular hit and created a new movie monster,
the big, silent, hulking figure of Arnold Schwarzenegger in what I
believe to be his best role as an unstoppable killer. The fact that the
monster is human - and thus able to hide amid fellow humans - is
relatively original (depends on who you speak to, but acknowledgement
definitely goes to Harlan Ellison) and his sheer indestructibility is
really awe-inspiring.All of the different factors work in this film. The score is
unforgettable, a thumping, deadly beat which turns up whenever the
Terminator is on screen, and it sends chills down your spine (much like
the music for THE OMEN). The film portrays Los Angeles as a dark,
dirty, bleak city to live in and the film reflects this. It has a
gritty feeling much like the earlier classic The Texas Chain Saw
Massacre and the little touches, such as the Terminator's infra red
vision, are chilling.The actors in this film all give brilliant portrayals and are totally
realistic, many of them have since gone on to greater things.
Schwarzenegger emerged as an action movie star after this film put him
on the map and has since become phenomenally successful, with a string
of hits in his belt. Biehn has also kept in the movie business but
hasn't found many hits like this one, apart from Cameron's 1986 smash,
ALIENS. Hamilton has also gone on to bigger-budgeted things like
DANTE'S PEAK and her portrayal of Connor as an unsuspecting woman
caught up in the violence is a performance which brings real depth to
the character. She turned this around in the sequel where Connor became
a lean, lithe killer out for survival. Paul Winfield is great as the
hard but kind cop, and Lance Henricksen, who was originally considered
for the role of the Terminator, makes the best of his small role. Earl
Boen is also memorable as the laconic psychiatrist. Roger Corman
regular Dick Miller puts in a welcome cameo appearance as the ill-fated
gun store owner, while Bill Paxton and Brian Thompson appear in early
roles in their careers.This film is also surprisingly gory for a mainstream movie. One scene,
in which the Terminator rips out his own eye, parallels the
ultra-violence popular in Fulci movies. People are repeatedly and
violently shot and mutilated. To keep things moving along there is a
ton of action in the film, with hundreds of bullets flying everywhere
and numerous car chases. The only spot where things let up is near the
end where Reese and Sarah hide out in first a tunnel and then a motel.
This section of the film tends to veer into mild tedium and is the only
part where Cameron could have done better.The film has many classic, totally brilliant moments. One of these is
the Tech Noir scene, which builds up suspense carefully before
exploding into violent carnage. It's a nightmarish and completely
effective moment, with the music slowing down, people dancing in slow
motion. Another scene is the one where the police station is
single-handedly destroyed by the Terminator, this shows how unstoppable
he is and is again very violent and effective. The final future 'dream'
sequence in which the dying, diseased survivors are killed by another
machine is also brutally effective and very moving. Other memorable
moments are the scene where the metal Terminator rises from the flames,
which is almost Biblical, and the entire fight in the factory, which is
basic human vs. machine action, where the Terminator keeps coming back
time after time before being finally crushed to death.Cameron returned with a successful sequel in 1991, TERMINATOR 2:
JUDGMENT DAY. The film contained then state of the art CGI effects in
the "morphing" T-100 terminator, and signalled the return of
Schwarzenegger and Hamilton (and also Reese in the Director's Cut).
Although the film contained a lot of action and violence, it was not as
effective and horrifying as it was basically a string of action scenes
one after the other, and more designed to show off special effects work
instead of telling a story. However the sequel is still hugely
enjoyable and well worth seeing if you liked this one.Overall, THE TERMINATOR is a true classic in the realms of killer robot
movies, the best one ever made in my opinion. It also clearly shows how
science fiction and horror can be mingled together to form a pleasing
whole. An excellent film for those of us who like action as well as
horror, it's got everything you could ever want: time travel, gun
battles, car chases, fights, gore, explosions, fire, melodrama,
romance, an excellent score, and true gut wrenching horror. Excellently
fantastic!
			
There used to be a time I thought the sequel blew this movie completely
out of the water, because it's bigger and more epic in scale and the
action is a lot stronger, but this is one of those films where it gets
stronger with every re-watch. There's always something I pick up on
every time I see it.The Terminator is an unrelenting experience to say the least and the
whole premise of this where an almost indestructible machine only has
one thing in mind, to kill you, and will stop at absolutely nothing to
do it, is terrifying. It is such a simple premise, yet the way James
Cameron writes and directs these characters makes this film almost
perfect in my eyes.Linda Hamilton as Sarah Conner is a much more grounded and vulnerable
character in this film compared to the badass she would become in the
sequel. In fact, she was completely unrecognisable to me once the
second film roles on, yet it never feels far- fetched she would become
this way because of how good the character development is in this film.
You see her gradually become the soldier she is truly destined to be
and all of it feels real. Plus, you've gotta love that mullet :)Michael Biehn as Kyle Reece is terrific in this film and again he also
feels like a grounded character. In fact straight away it's impossible
not to see the vulnerability of the character when you see all the
marks and scars all over his body as he comes through the time portal.
He is completely outmatched by The Terminator he is assigned to protect
Sarah from so he has to out smart it. You see that life as a soldier in
a post-apocalyptic world where man fights machines, is the only thing
he has ever known in his life, and there's a lot of great flashback
scenes that really emphasise that point so effectively. Linda Hamilton
and Michael Biehn share great chemistry together as well, I really did
buy the fact they loved each other despite the fact they only know each
other for a day.Of course, how could I not mention Arnie as The Terminator. He's
another one of those badass villains that has very little dialogue, but
you you feel the intensity amp up every time he's on screen. To say he
is a presence would be an understatement, he is friggin' scary as a
villain because all he cares about is killing Sarah Conner... that's
it, that is the only thing he was sent to do and he stops at absolutely
nothing to do it. It is just so intense, when you see a scene where
Kyle shoots him multiple times, and all it does is buy some time. And
it just returns to the deadly game of cat and mouse.There are only brief fleeting moments where the film allows you to
breathe. There is not a single scene in the film where I felt like it
was filler or just there to kill time, it is a tightly edited
masterpiece of cinema that just never lets up. It doesn't dumb itself
down so that its more accessible to the audience either, there's a good
45 minutes or so where you don't know why this thing is targeting
Sarah, or why she is so important and it doesn't matter because the
film allows the atmosphere to take over. When she does find out why
she's being targeted, it never feels tacked on, forced or drawn out
with exposition.I would not change a single thing about the story or the characters in
this film. There are one or two effects in this such as the 'eye' scene
are dated by today's standards, but given the films budget was only $6
million, significantly smaller than the blockbuster sequel, there's
bound to be a few dated scenes here or there, but it doesn't hurt the
experience. There's still something about that final scene with the
stop motion exoskeleton that just has my skin crawling. It is such an
intense final act, that had me gripped right to the end! It is a
filmmaking achievement and one of my favourite films of all time :)
			
This is a truly phenomenal film. It was a huge leap for Sci-Fi, Horror,
Action and Thriller films. It is NOT overtaken by any of its sequels,
despite what many say.The plot follows a cyborg assassin- disguised as a human- known as a
Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) that travels back in time from 2029
to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton). Sent to protect Sarah-
also from 2029- is Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn). Sarah is targeted
because Skynet (a highly advanced artificial intelligence) knows that
her unborn son will lead the fight against them. With the virtually
unstoppable Terminator in hot pursuit, she and Kyle attempt to escape.**SKIP PARAGRAPH TO AVOID SPOILERS** This film is actually very
upsetting. Reese's death is one of the most upsetting death scenes in
any film in my opinion. It is accompanied by a sad-sounding version of
the films theme song. Truly harrowing. **SPOILERS END HERE**This film is a cult phenomenon and is also widely considered as of the
best Sci-Fi films of all time. It also had an incredibly low-budget (as
seen by some of the CGI and very obvious rubber masks). But this
doesn't stop it from being amazing in any way.It also sky-rocketed
Arnold Schwarzenegger's acting career into what it is todayWell done James Cameron, you made one of the greatest films of all
time.This definitely gets 10/10 or 5 stars.
			
The movie that spawned countless sequels, The Terminator tells the
story of Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton); a waitress whose future son
John will lead the humans in a war against the machines. John sends
Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) to the past from 2029 to save Sarah from the
Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) who has been sent by the machines to
ensure that John Connor is never born. The Terminator is a classic
movie full of exciting action, an interesting plot and the spawning of
many iconic movie characters. Perhaps Schwarzenegger's most iconic and
perfect role, he shines as the almost unbeatable Terminator, perhaps
due to having almost no dialogue. The movie features non-stop action
and only really drags when Cameron slows the pacing down to include
some romance scenes which don't play out that well in my opinion, but
are nevertheless vital to the plot. Linda Hamilton is the real standout
and she can be used as a prime example when idiots say there are no
powerful female characters in movies; yes, I am talking to you Paul
Feig. With The Terminator, James Cameron struck gold and used that gold
to make more gold.
			
Very good movie with good actors who have all done great careers. I
loved this film that mixes past, future , technology. I recommend this
movie ! Suspense film, full of twists and more. Action movie very well
directed by James Cameron. I give it a good score to this film as it
deserves to be seen by all great lovers of action and science fiction
movies. Film that mixes well with the action moving story between two
strangers. The Terminator is for me one of the biggest movie theater in
this genre, this is a movie that you can watch several times always
taking them as much fun. For those who have not seen it yet , watch it,
you will not be disappointed , I guarantee you .
			
Very rarely do you ever see an actor who fits a role so perfectly, it
becomes almost impossible to imagine anyone else playing it, a few well
known examples would be Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch, Kurt Russell as
Herb Brooks and Morgan Freeman as Nelson Mandela, well I would put
Arnold Schwarzenegger as the Terminator right up there, he just fits
the role perfectly. His very presence, his movements and his deadpan
emotionless mannerisms were in a word, perfect for the character. When
he appears you just know somethings going to happen, the depiction of
the Terminator's sheer relentlessness and ruthlessness in the pursuit
of his mission are borderline frightening. Linda Hamilton as Sarah
Connor turns in a brilliant performance as an ordinary person trying to
get by, whose life has suddenly been turned upside down by being thrown
into what can only be described as a nightmare situation, likewise
Michael Biehn as the war weary soldier still bearing the scars of a
troubled if not traumatic past so much so he barely knows what
happiness is. The action scenes are probably some of the best I've
seen, particularly the final confrontation when you think, "what more
do they have to do to beat this thing?!". Some of the lines of the
dialogue and one line in particular, have since become legend and the
most well known in cinematic history. The story is compelling and even
thought provoking as to where humanity could end up in the future, even
the soundtrack adds to the ominous tension which you feel while
watching, especially the title track which like Arnie has become so
synonymous with The Terminator that most people would be able to
identify immediate which movie its in. This movie will go down as an
all time classic definitive action movie, and its a must see for all
action movie lovers. I'll finish by describing the ending, the movie's
ending is spot on as there isn't the happy ending that most action
movies tend to have which can feel like an anti-climax. Oh no this
movie ends on an ominous note as Sarah Connor knows the future is far
from bright paving the way for the Terminator's return, or as the man
himself said, "I'll be back."
			
Hi. After 30 years and having seen many attempts to recreate the glory
of this movie, I now realise how quintessentially sublime and genius
this movie is. It not only deserves a full 10 out of 10 but must remain
the benchmark of how a movie must excel for the era it released in. I
was in school when I saw this and this movie changed me. Similarly
movies like Jaws did the same. Very rarely do we come across movies of
the calibre of Jaws or The Terminator. I am writing this in 2015, about
31 years after the movie after I realised how culturally and socially
significant this movie turned out to be. You may not feel the impact
fully if you watch this movie today, but the impact of the story is
still present. Anyone keen on watching modern interpretations and
sequels MUST watch this first! Thanks for reading.
			
Greetings from Lithuania."Terminator" (1984) is a true classic, and one of the most important
movies ever created. By "important" I mean that it started lots of
things, which later became very common in cinema itself.There isn't anything new that I could write about this picture that was
wasn't said hundred times before. Everything in this movie works and
clicks on all cylinders. Made only for couple of bucks (in terms of
today's sci-fi / "actionier" budget, even considering B movies) it
stuck in people memories forever. How did maestro J. Cameron achieve
that?Here are the main reasons in my opinion: Original and high concept
story; Very good and believable acting by all involved; Great script;
Cool action scenes; Terrific pacing; and of course all cudos to all
technical stuff, effects, cinematography and so on. The idea was always
the driving force behind movie, which is now safe to call masterpiece.
J. Cameron proofed his genius with his first movie (first movie I mean
"Terminator", not flying fish stuff J).Overall, as you have already saw this picture many times, there is
nothing new to say. It's a true classic in every meaning of this word.
Even now, 30 years after its release, this small budget B movie sci fi
flick from 80's is still managing to attract audiences. If you could
check some torrent sites, you would always see this film as one of the
most down loadable, whenever you check it, no matter what season is,
what movies there are  it's always among the most popular. It's simply
just for one reason  a true movie entertainment is timeless and
ageless.
			
Science Fiction comes a long way through aliens and flying saucers.
Then, when Star Wars came out in 1977, the science fiction grew to a
new level. Also, the special effects were mind-blowing during that
time. But now, a science fiction movie about a robot from the future
emerges. The robot is called The Terminator. The Terminator is a dark
and action-packed picture about a killing machine sent back through
time to kill a woman who hold the key of the future. The Terminator is
played by Arnold Schwarznegger, and he has a frightening performance as
the metal cyborg assassin. The woman who holds the key to the future is
played by Linda Hamilton. She is the victim of the killer cyborg as she
is chased around Los Angeles. But, someone else also came back from the
future. A solider named Kyle Reese and he is played by Micheal Biehn.
The Terminator has great cinematography and develops a personality for
the Terminator. In one scene after being shot in the eye, he pulls his
damaged eyeball out of his eye socket and reveals the red vision that
he sees. After that, he picks up a pair of glasses. The Terminator is a
menacing villain that is unbeatable and destructive. All in all, this
movie is a good and great one. There are good performances and great
cinematography.  4 stars
			
"The Terminator" is one of the most popular movies that was made back
in the mid-80s, and it has been well-remembered by critics and
audiences alike. Everyone has seen this movies and knows it quite well
as much as its famous sequel "Terminator 2: Judgment Day." I don't know
if I had anything new to say about this movie because everyone already
knows well about "The Terminator" and why its so darn good about it.
This movie was directed by James Cameron who would go on to make the
second "Terminator" movie along with the second "Alien" movie, "The
Abyss," "True Lies," "Titanic," and now "Avatar." I know that Cameron
considered this movie to be his first film because his previous film
"Piranha II: The Spawning," was going to be but some random people of
the movie took over and wasn't like the way the Cameron envision it. So
he just ignores that movie and considers "The Terminator" as his first
film because he had more control than he had with the second "Piranha"
movie. The movie stars Arnold Schwarzenegger as the Terminator, which
it was his first time to play a villain and he really does a
fascinating job to not only he embodied the character, but making it
such a memorable role. He is the Terminator. Michael Biehn was also
great as Kyle Reese along side with Linda Hamilton as John Connor's
mother Sarah. The movie really does go at a really good pace, and it
does keep you on the edge of your seat. The music by Brad Fiedel is one
of the greatest scores that has ever been heard in this kind of movie
with the use of synthesizer, and featuring the famous "Terminator
Theme." The special effects in this movie are really good in this
movie, especially with the design of the Terminator by the great Stan
Winston. The effects are no "Terminator 2," but they are still really
good before there was any CGI as what most filmmakers are using by
today's special effects. The story is really well told and very
effective as the premise goes along without any subplots or any of that
mumble jumble. All it is that one is really trying to protect Sarah
Connor, while the other to terminate and that is all you need for a
story like this. "The Terminator" is a classic movie of the 80s that
mixes with action, horror, and science fiction. If you haven't seen
this movie, check it out! I give this movie a 10 out of 10.
			
While people, specially directors, admire Hitchcock's thrillers, what
we have here is pretty much an action thriller packed with more
emotional firepower than any Hitchcock film. Its a classic film and
obligatory for anyone who loves films to see.It is also a very 80's film: much like Back to the Future in terms of
its 1980's feeling, though it is a very different film, one is a comedy
while this one is a horror/action/thriller.The basic premise is also one of the best in the history of cinema: a
time travel paradox is actually build up in the film in such a way that
the ending fits the beginning perfectly. Proving that James Cameron is
indeed a very smart director.
			
The "Terminator" was one of the best action films of all time, with the
exception of it's sequel, and executed with a bunch of no name actors
and a shoestring budget...not to mention a director with almost no
experience, it's an amazing feat to say the least. It's been 28 years
since it's release, and while some special effects have aged
inevitably, the effect of the movie itself has not.Linda Hamilton, Arnold (I'm not even going to try and spell that last
name), and especially, the cult following worthy Michael Biehn for his
characters alone, all give good performances. The film has a few very
minor flaws, but is not reflective onto the enjoyment or quality
factor. The action and the story are all paced nicely, has excellent
direction, the characters have are well developed, and the overall
content is quite impressive. The movie is fairly simple, but is
extremely effective. Terminator has been deemed a classic and
respectfully so. I'm sure it will provide a great movie experience for
myself and others for many years to come. The idea of a machine sent to
kill you that is all but unstoppable, without any remorse or
hesitation, is very chilling and is one of the film's main reasons for
such success. I don't need to say any more, you've seen it. Needless to
say, this film started many careers of those involved. Classic.An absolute must for any action or sci-fi fan's collection.
			
Cyborg - part human and part machine. Living tissue over metal
inter-skeleton. Virtually indestructible. Unlimited memory capacity.
And stronger than anything on earth.These are the specs of the Terminator - a cyborg sent from the future
to the past - Year: 1984 ,Location: Los Angeles.Mission: to kill Sarah Connor, mother of John Connor: a leader of a
resistance movement in the future and a main threat to Skynet.Skynet: an artificially intelligent system, a defense computer network
built by the developed by the defense firm Cyberdyne Systems for the
United States armed forces, which became self-aware and revolted
against its creators. Under John Connor, the human resistance turned the tide on the machines
and eventually destroyed Skynet's defense grid. In a last ditch effort,
Skynet sent a cyborg, called a "Terminator", back in time to 1984 to
kill Connor's mother Sarah before she would give birth to John.Protector for Sarah against the terminator: John Connor sent back his
own operative, a young man named Kyle Reese, to save Sarah. Question is which one will reach Sarah first: The Terminator or Kyle?Schwarzenegger (who plays the cyborg) was not as excited by the film;
during an interview on the set of Conan the Barbarian, an interviewer
asked him about a pair of shoes he had (which were for The Terminator).
Schwarzenegger responded, "Oh some sh*t movie I'm doing, take a couple
weeks."In preparation for the role, Schwarzenegger spent three months training
with weapons to be able to use them and feel comfortable around them.For the role of Reese, various other suggestions were made for the role
including rock musician Sting. Cameron chose Michael Biehn for the
role. Biehn was originally skeptical about the part, feeling that the
movie was silly. After meeting with Cameron, Biehn stated his "feelings
about the project changed". Hurd stated that "almost everyone else who
came in from the audition was so tough that you just never believed
that there was gonna be this human connection between (Sarah Connor and
Kyle Reese). They have very little time to fall in love. A lot of
people came in and just could not pull it off."On its opening week, The Terminator played at 1,005 theaters and
grossed $4,020,663 making it number one in the box office. The film
remained at number one in its second week. It lost its number one spot
in the third week to Oh, God! You Devil.After writer Harlan Ellison saw the film, he stated that he "loved the
movie, was just blown away by it". Ellison believed that the screenplay
for the film was based on the episodes "Soldier" and "Demon with a
Glass Hand" which he wrote for the television series The Outer Limits.
Orion gave Ellison an undisclosed amount of money and gave him an
acknowledgement credit in later prints of the film. Cameron was against
Orion's decision and was told that that if he did not agree with the
settlement, they would have Cameron pay for any damages if Orion lost
Ellison's suit. Cameron replied that he "had no choice but to agree
with the settlement. Of course there was a gag order as well, so I
couldn't tell this story, but now I frankly don't care. It's the truth.
Harlan Ellison is a parasite who can kiss my *ss."Films similar to The Terminator: D.A.R.Y.L. (1985), The Vindicator
(1986),Assassin (TV 1986), Robocop (1987),Programmed to Kill (1987), Cy
Warrior (1989), Eve Of Destruction (1991), Steel and Lace
(1991),Nemesis (1992), Shadowchaser (1992), Cyborg Cop (1993),
Bicentennial Man (1999). Whew! Not easy to compile a good list! I have seen all the above films
except Steel and Lace. I recommend Assassin, Eve Of Destruction,
Programmed To Kill, Cy Warrior among the rare films. Email me Vivekmaru45@yahoo.com for more movies lists.Thanks for reading.
			
They just don't make movies like this anymore. Terminator, and Alien,
sound to the modern ear as some silly summer blockbuster movies, with
all the sequels, prequels, cross-overs and whatnot which have
downplayed their image. But what many people ignore is that the first
two movies of these franchises were pure 80s (approx.) sci-fi gold, and
better ; acknowledged masterpieces in general. Even today, The
Terminator is original, exciting, scary and pretty damn hardcore from
the first scene when the robot encounters the punks, to the succession
of cruel massacres perpetrated by the insensitive killing-machine
Terminator throughout the movie.It is hard to express just how perfect The Terminator is in terms of
plot and character development, and chilling atmosphere, which keeps
the spectator clinging to his seat all the way. The opening sequences
of the movie ; a brief explanation of the apocalyptic future war, the
filthy appearances of the two main antagonists (Terminator and Kyle
Reese), contrasted with the simple 80s jolly life of Sarah Connor
before hell breaks lose, is a lesson in movie making on how to
forcefully grasp the audience's attention and involvement. And when you
think you can start relaxing, the booming action starts again even
stronger, and greater, until the final act which leaves you gasping for
air. This crescendo in suspense and horror is found in a later Cameron
film, Aliens, which blatantly bears the director's signature style seen
in The Terminator.The special effects were pretty ground-breaking and innovative at the
time (something which can apparently be said for almost every Cameron
movie since), but what really pulls it off is the incredibly bleak and
dirty atmosphere, and of course the great cast. I couldn't possibly
imagine other actors than Schwarzenegger, Biehn and Hamilton for the
lead roles. All the secondary characters are also fantastic. The
Terminator carries a distinct 80s feel to it which I like a lot. I
wasn't born when this movie was released, and was brought up mostly on
90s movies, but I must say that the 80s feeling of The Terminator adds
to its "charm" (if I dare say so). Nonetheless, it has survived the
test of time exceptionally well, it doesn't pass as outdated at all -
the climax is still genuinely frightening.The fact that Cameron, at the time a newcomer, managed to direct this
sci-fi masterpiece, and went on to direct sequels to both Alien and his
Terminator which practically equaled if not surpassed the originals in
quality, marked Cameron as one of the best new directors of his
generation.The Terminator is a perfect 10.
			
There are actors,and then there are great movie stars like Arnold
Schwarzenegger. He is without question the best action movie
star,because every time his presence is on screen, he
is,well,Arnold.There is a different Arnold in this film,and this is
what I like about it.He,for once,is playing an awesome villain,and to
perfection,I might add.He makes for one of the best screen villains
ever in cinematic history.It's a pity that his "good guy" image won't
allow him to play the bad seed more often,but that's Hollywood, I
guess.Aside from the thrilling sequel,this is perhaps Arnold's best
work.Was the above review useful to you? Yes No (Report this)
			
A big strange man comes to the earth from somewhere. We all think he is
crazy, because he doesn't wear any clothes. He is very strong and
crazy, so people can't fight against him. Some women are killed by him,
and one lady is being target of him even she does nothing. However, he
targets on her for a reason.This story is very thrilling, but has some emotional parts. I like the
way to show that the strange man is very strong. He is in good shape,
and also doesn't smile at all. Arnold Schwarzenegger played the part of
the strong man. He makes the man more thrilling by his appearance.
However, the content is a little bit complicated for me, especially,
the relationships among people. You might enjoy this movie more if you
got information before you watch it. Anyway, I was very excited and
thought the actor is very important for all movies.
			
Arnold Schwarzenegger portrays the ruthless, bad-ass killing machine,
the title character, a cyborg known as The Terminator: he's been sent
back in time to hunt down and kill Sarah Connor.......most of you know that anyway.What I really wanna say is: Terminator is one of the best films of the
1980s and one of the best films of all time. Its impact on science
fiction films is brilliant, and to date it's Arnold Schwarzenegger's
most known movie role."I'll Be Back."The Terminator has great effects for its time and stars Arnold
Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton and Michael Beihn as the three main
characters (Terminator, Sarah Connor, and Kyle Reese.) I really like
Michael Beihn's acting in this movie and I think he plays a great role
in the movie. Linda Hamilton does a good job playing Sarah Connor.
Schwarzenegger is brilliant as The Terminator, and more particularly
makes a great bad guy.One of the best films ever made.
			
The Terminator is a 1984 American science fiction action horror classic
film from the 80's directed by James Cameron, written by Cameron and
the film's producer Gale Anne Hurd, and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger,
Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton. It is the first installment in the
Terminator franchise.This movie started all. It is a film that started The Terminator film
franchise and spawned four sequels including one TV Show series:
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles TV Series (2008). The
Terminator is the one and only original film it's a film that actually
made Arnold Schwarzenegger in to a superstar today.Arnold
Schwarzenegger stars as the most fierce and relentless killing machine
ever to threaten to survival of mankind! He is a Terminator who kills
every living soul that stands in his way he is unstoppable. "It can't
be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with It doesn't feel pity, or
remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are
dead." Arnold Schwarzenegger acted The Terminator Amazingly PERFECT!
Linda Hamilton is the only Sarah Connor she acted her character
perfectly but in T2: Judgment Day she acted her character genius and
she was very convincing and real. Sarah Connor is her best performance
ever in the both Terminator films . Linda kicks Emilia Clarke's ugly
ass back and forth. I love this film to death it also has horror in it
and the film becomes really scary when you see the future in 2029 and
the terminator in the present 1984 that is in our time unstoppable and
will do anything to kill Sarah Connor a waitress in Los Angeles that
will prevent giving her a birth to her son a child, that he will become
the resistance leader in the future against the machines. Michael Biehn
is the only Kyle Reese. He is sent back in to the past 1984 to protect
Sarah Connor he acted perfectly as Kyle Reese, the character was
written on his skin. He is the only Kyle Reese for me. Those three
actors are perfect together. The movie is also scary and dark unlike T2 who has heart, sometimes is
just too scary but still A good Action Sci-Fi Flick. Cyborg at the end
of the movie scared the hell out of me when I was 6 I kept screaming
until my mom turned off the TV. The Terminator (1984) was the only
movie that I payed more money for getting the Blu-ray disc than the
other movies of Schwarzenegger cost me. A human-looking indestructible cyborg is sent from 2029 to 1984 to
assassinate a waitress, whose unborn son will lead humanity in a war
against the machines, while a soldier from that war is sent to protect
her at all costs.I also love music theme by Brad Fiedel I love that is the future shown
in the film , action sequences and explosions are awesome. Cgi is also
great, special effects are awesome. The plot is genius and the cast is
wonderful. Though not expected to be a critical or commercial success,
The Terminator topped the American box office for two weeks and
massively helped launch the film career of Cameron and consolidate that
of Schwarzenegger. The film received critical acclaim, with many
praising its pacing and action scenes, and Schwarzenegger's role. Its
success led to a franchise, consisting of films, a television series,
comic books, and novels. The first sequel, Terminator 2: Judgment Day,
was released in 1991. I also love the song Burnin' in the Third Degree
Performed by Tryanglz and I forgot to mention I love the chemistry
between Kyle and Sarah I thought the actors did a perfect job acting
and playing together. The Action shooting sequences in the dance club
are extremely Awesome. The Terminator crashes a car through the front
door of the police station is the best scene in the film. It marches
through the precinct, ruthlessly shooting every officer in its path.
The Terminator gets to a circuit panel and after ripping out a main
circuit cable, shoves the live wire into the fuse box creating an
electrical surge that blows out all lights in the building, leaving the
policemen at a disadvantage. The battle on Police station was awesome.
The car chases are FANTASTIC! Kyle hits in the eye The Terminator and
he crashes in to the wall with the stolen police car, but he still
lives and he escaped the crime scene. The truck explosions is awesome
and the fight with Sarah in the Factory is amazing, how she crushes The
Terminator, I love this film. The Terminator and Terminator 2: Judgment Day are the best films ever
made in the history. I love those two films to death!!! The Terminator
is my second favorite film in the series. Movies like this one today
don't exist anymore. Where did we come? With all the new reboots and
remakes!? What is happening with movies today? 10/10 Score: A+ Starring: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton,
Michael Biehn, Lance Henriksen, Bill Paxton Director/Writer: James
Cameron Rated: R Running Time: 1 Hr. 47 Mins. Budget: $6.4 Million Box
Office: $78,371,200
			
The Original 1984 Film is a Masterpiece. With a great cast, an awesome
plot, a great director and awesome dialogue and Gore 'The Terminator'
is one of the best movies of 1984 and there's a reason why the film
still has a 100% on Rotten Tomatoes because it Rocks also Arnold
Schwarzenegger as the T-800 is one of the best castings ever for a
movie. Also the film has a great Score and a theme that still is
popular after 30 years i think people should give more credit to the
Original than the sequel just because the effects aren't Amazing that
doesn't mean that the film isn't Good. Cameron or no Cameron this films
were always amazing because Arnold Schwarzenegger makes them amazing
and watchable. A perfect 10 out of 10 for me.
			
Have not always been a big fan of action films, after seeing my fair
share poorly made, dull and predictable, sloppily written and badly
acted ones that delivers just as little on the action (the worst of
Steven Seagal being prime examples. The Terminator however is like Die
Hard, a thrilling well-made film that succeeds as an action film and a
film in general, and treats its audience and genre with respect. It is
also one of director James Cameron's best films along with Terminator 2
and Aliens.The Terminator looks great still, sure the special effects have not
held up as well as the rest of the film but they are not that bad. The
film is beautifully and slickly photographed and the sets and lighting
are so imaginative and wonderfully nightmarish that one really does get
sucked and immersed into its world., and filled with sharp details.
Cameron's direction is superb, some of the best of his whole career.
The music score is hauntingly eerie and its synthesised sound doesn't
date the film at all, instead adding hugely to the atmosphere. The
script (including the famous 'I'll be back') is snappy and smart with
plenty of wittily written lines, the story is incredibly engrossing and
exciting to the maximum with plenty of suspense and fun.Action fans are guaranteed too to be thrilled by the action here, being
both dynamic and thrilling, the climax really does jangle the nerves.
Michael Biehn and especially Linda Hamilton shine in their roles, and
Arnold Schwarzenegger has never been more perfectly cast as his most
iconic character to date. All in all, a brilliant film and one of the
greats of the action genre. 10/10 Bethany Cox
			
I have a soft spot in my heart for this film, as it's one that I would
watch over and over and over again on VHS with my Dad when I was a kid. Back then the fun of the movie was all in the basic gist of the action
scenes and the scariness of Schwarzenegger as the Terminator. Now that
I'm all grown up, I appreciate this movie for its being so very
well-crafted. For a lot of folks, it's the film's sequel, "T2:
Judgement Day" that is the memorable blockbuster movie, and I loved T2
when it came out myself. But I really think that the original is the
better film overall. It's the perfect blend of sci-fi and horror--many
of the scenes could work well with an 80's slasher movie. And yet the film is more than just sci-fi, and certainly more than just
horror. It's an engaging tale that makes us care about the
characters--even John Connor, who hasn't even been born yet. Linda
Hamilton's portrayal of Sarah Connor is fantastic, and the on-screen
chemistry between Sarah and Kyle adds to the depth of the film.The thing that I think I like most about this movie is its simplicity.
Perhaps by 1984 standards "The Terminator" may have been groundbreaking
in terms of effects, and I'm sure that the robotic Terminator was a
convention that not many people had seen done in such a way at that
time. Still, the effects are archaic by today's standards, adding a
simplistic feel to the movie. But more important is the fact that the script and the storytelling of
the film work in just the right way. This isn't a movie that tries to
do too much, even though its narrative would have invited that. The
film gives you just enough information about the future world from
which its villain has come. The restraint used to make an otherwise
very complicated tale into one that is accessible to the audience is
what makes this movie so clever. Its pacing, its dialogue, and its
script all are simple--and yet they come together into a robust tale
that draws you in and makes for a completely enjoyable experience.That said, it's not often that I give a film 10/10 stars, but I feel
obliged to for "The Terminator". It tells its story in a way that feels
perfect, and in so doing leaves us with much to appreciate. It's a
truly excellent film.
			
First of all, the background music is a killer, absolutely mind-blowing
and amazingly fitting to the film.As I wrote in my review for 'Aliens' (1986), I am quite reluctant to
watch old films, however it was that film that convinced me that James
Cameron is a man whose films transcend all such barriers and his works
are meant for any era and are ever green. This has only added more to
my belief and I am awe of this one as well. The best bit for me in the
film has to be the ending scenes where the terminator had to be killed
three times, of which the best was when he shows up for the third and
the last time without legs. Assured that they can't get it wrong twice
I thought him to be dead, as I shouted a loud "Oh' my God!" when he
attacks them for the third time. His death was intelligently shown as a
crushing from which he could never have recovered.Personally though I had bit of a funny experience as, having watched
'Terminator 2: Judgment Day' (1991) I was influenced into thinking that
here too Arnold Schwarzenegger would be the hero but scene after scene
my expectations of a hero weren't being met and it was when he attacks
Sarah Connor for the first time and the other guy saves her, it's that
where I got things right. Hahaha!All in all, the terminator film concept itself is one the most unique
and worthy of appreciation. Clearly a work of a hugely capable and
creative mind.And once again, the background music is a beauty! I can listen to it
again and again and never get bored. It has that touch of inspiring you
and make you feel like that the war is real, or even better, that you
are a part of it all.
			
The modern classics of science fiction have been able to infuse crowd-
pleasing action scenes with truly thought-provoking and clever
concepts. From the chillingly violent social commentary of Paul
Verhoeven's Robocop to the stylish and brainy conceits of Ridley
Scott's Blade Runner, few genres are able to balance the scales so
well, yet depressingly so seldom. One such classic was unleashed in
1984 under the title The Terminator. It stars well-known action star
Arnold Schwarzenegger and is directed by then-unknown James Cameron,
and would soon become a world-wide sensation.Sarah Connor is having a bad day. She's late for work, has tons of
awful customers to contend with, and has just learned that two women
have been murdered; women with the exact same name as her. If I told
you that the murderer was a massive cyborg who was sent back through
time to assassinate the eventual mother of humanity's last hero, you'd
probably think I was describing something less than brilliant. You'd be
wrong. The stunningly clever framework that Cameron provides (he also
wrote the script) is only one of the many delightful aspects of The
Terminator.Sarah has a hero. Also sent from the future, Kyle Reese appears to
thwart the Terminator's attempts and protect Sarah at all costs.
Through a seemingly unending series of chases, Reese explains the truth
to Sarah, and the two of them promptly set off to... avoid the
homicidal robot at all costs. Throw in some unfortunate hooligans who
unwisely mock the hulking beast, an oversexed roommate, a disco full of
mid-'80s dancers and a barracks full of the most unlucky cops ever
caught on film, and you have the ingredients for one dark and violent
thrill ride.As the Terminator, Schwarzenegger (Commando) shines. With very few
lines of dialogue to worry about, Schwarzenegger can concentrate on
that cold dark stare and a truly menacing presence. Though he's played
a hero more times than I can count, Arnold delivers his most
entertaining performance ever as the unstoppable beast. Linda Hamilton
(Children of the Corn) is strong as Sarah, starting out rather ditzy
and weak before displaying some real guts later on. As Reese, Michael
Biehn (Aliens) hits the right "action-hero" buttons, and while he
falters a bit in the movie's more tender moments, that's okay, because
Biehn's a cool actor... and the "tender moments" last about three
minutes in total.With one of the more clever sci-fi screenplays of the last part of the
20th century, and some truly exciting action sequences, Terminatorevery
bit as good as you might have heard. While many feel that the sequel is
the better film, I'd contend that Terminator 2 was merely more
expensive. If you're building yourself a digital sci-fi collection,
this movie should definitely be on your Top Ten list.
			
In the early 1980s, James Cameron came up with the idea of the film and
when his agent told him it was a bad idea, Cameron fired him.
Originally, the film was to include two Terminators, one of which would
have been a liquid type (later used in T2). He later changed it to just
one. He sold the rights to Gale Anne Hurd for $1. Literally. Anyway, in
1984, the film was released to rave reviews. By that, I mean it has an
8.1 on IMDb and a 100% on Rotten Tomatoes. If that's not rave, I don't
know what is. So, let's see if the critics are right or if they're just
nutcases.The Terminator follows unassuming Sarah Connor as her life is turned
upside down by a man claiming he's from the future to protect her, and
a man who is part cyborg whom is trying to kill her to prevent a future
war from ever beginning.To be honest, until today, I had never seen any of the Terminator
films. I had heard many praise them and had heard a lot of good things
about them but had never seen them. Now that I've seen one, I can
definitely say that all the things people have said about the
Terminator films being good are true.The acting is pretty well done from everyone. Arnold Schwarzenegger has
that robotic feel to him already so he obviously does a great job as
The Terminator, saying some truly hilarious lines like the scene where
he says "Fuck you, asshole." Just brilliant. Michael Biehn does a great
job as a man coming from the future to protect Sarah Connor at the
advice of her future son, John Connor. Don't expect me to explain that
one to you, go watch the movie. Linda Hamilton does a great job as well
portraying the woman trying to come to grips with what a man from the
future is telling her, believe me, I know how weird this sounds, haha.
Paul Winfield and Lance Henriksen do good in their somewhat-limited
roles as the detectives assigned to Sarah's case.The music by Brad Fiedel is awesome. The music over the opening credits
is really cool, and although it's expanded upon a lot more in future
sequels, the original ain't bad either. The cool thing about the score
is that it's not just the big action sounding score, it has some
emotional music in it too. Always nice to have diversity. The visual
effects are great in this film, especially for a film released in 1984.
At the end of the film, the film uses stopmotion and other effects to
great lengths. It all looks quite natural and works very well.The cinematography from Adam Greenberg looks awesome, and makes the
film look the part of a basic chase through the streets of Los Angeles.
It's pretty darn cool. The script, too, is written very well, written
mainly by Cameron (even though Hurd got a writing credit too), and is
very tight. It manages to restrict the film to it's chases and a few
different places where the characters spend anywhere from 5-10 minutes.
It's very cost-effective, especially since the film was only made on a
$6.4 million budget.Perhaps my only problem with the film (I know, shocking, I have
issues), is that the first thirty minutes or so before the club scene
are a little slow-moving and it really does take a while for the film
to kick into gear. It's not a big problem, really, just me nitpicking,
but it did bug me a bit.Overall, The Terminator is a fantastic action thriller. While the
film's first act moves a bit slow, the effects are ahead of it's time,
and the acting, music, cinematography and script all are just as
fantastic. I'm so excited now to watch the next Terminator film,
especially since I just saw a fantastic one, and people say the next
one is even better. If you haven't seen The Terminator, please check it
out, it will be worth it, I promise.10/10. | Grade: A
			
Director: James CameronWriters: James Cameron and Gale Anne HurdStarring: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Michael Biehn, and Linda HamiltonRelease Date: October 26, 1984MPAA Rating: RRuntime: 1 hour and 47 minutesStudio: Orion PicturesWith Terminator Genisys coming out in July 1st, I am going to review
all of the previous 4 Terminator films, starting with The Terminator.
This film was not James Cameron's directorial debut (that is 1981's
Piranha II: The Spawning, which I hear is terrible), but it was the
film that made Cameron famous, and ever since, he has made great films,
such as the 1986 sequel to Alien, Aliens, and the 1991 sequel to this
film, Terminator 2: Judgement Day. It also made Arnold Schwarzenegger
an action star, from here on. Even after 31 years, The Terminator is
not only a classic action film, but it is also one of my favorite,
sic-fi action thrillers, in general.The plot of The Terminator first takes place in the year 1984. In the
year 2029, there is a war between the machines and humans. The leader
of the humans is John Connor. The machines are attempting to destroy
the human race. Two beings travel back in time to 1984. One is a cyborg
assassin, known as a Terminator T-800 Model 101, programed by an A.I.
defense network called Skynet, which will be able to control itself and
cause a nuclear holocaust on mankind. The Terminator was programed to
kill a young woman named Sarah Connor, John's future mother, before
John was born so that the machines could win and destroy the human
race. What Skynet did not know, however, is that John Connor has sent a
human resistance fighter named Kyle Reese to protect Sarah from the
Terminator.The film is Arnold Schwarzenegger's breakout performance an usually,
his performances in action films tend to be entertaining, due to how
unintentionally funny his acting is. That is not the case here, because
Schwarzenegger is playing a cyborg and he is phoneminal in the role. He
captures a cold, dark, and terrifying performance as the iconic
Terminator. Michael Biehn is also great as the cold Kyle Reese, who is
determined to protect the future. He also share great chemistry with
Linda Hamilton, who is also fantastic as Sarah Connor. Sarah starts out
as a weak and scared woman, but eventually develops into a much
stronger female character, which would lead her to becoming the badass
that we know in Terminator 2.The direction from James Cameron is brilliant as the way that the uses
his shots and how he edits them are brilliant, which leads to the film
having a lot of suspense and tension, especially in the incredible
action sequences. The practical special effects might come off as a
little dated, at times, but most of them still hold up and are much
better than the fake CGI that we get nowadays.The screenplay is also great. First off, although this movie is a
sci-fi action film, it definitely has a horror film feel to it, as the
Terminator comes off as a very menacing and terrifying villain, similar
to a villain in slasher horror films. The movie also not only uses its
original (for its time) premise to its full potential, but the world
building for its universe is also great. The characters are also well
developed, which makes you root for them, and the film also provides a
great commentary about how we can be so dependent on machines.Overall, The Terminator is a great start to a franchise and would spawn
three sequels, along with a reboot (which, as I'm writing this review,
hasn't come out yet), and, like other film franchises, would spawn a
spin off TV series and comic books. It's very original for its time,
highly entertaining, suspenseful, and provides great world building,
interesting characters, strong performances, and incredible action
sequences. This is definitely one of the best action films of the
1980s.I'm going to give The Terminator an A+ (10/10).
			
More than 30 years has passed since "The Terminator" has been released.
Wow, how time flies by... Still, the movie remains one of the most
fascinating pieces of cinema history. It may show its age in some
parts, where it's "so 80's" and goofy you'll probably have to giggle or
roll your eyes and Arnold delivers his few lines with an accent thicker
than pudding, but beside these minor scenes, it has aged well and truly
reminds me that they don't make them like that anymore. And if you
haven't seen it - what are you waiting for? Stop reading anything about
it, go grab yourself a copy, turn the lights down and the sound up and
enjoy this visionary masterpiece.Why do I say is it visionary? Because there hasn't quite been anything
like it before, not at this level of production. Just the idea that a
near indestructible cyborg is haunting you for seemingly no reason is
nightmare inducing, fundamentally great movie material. Not only that,
but how James Cameron is expanding on it is sheer brilliance. Of
course, since it involves sci-fi babble which you may or may not find
far-fetched there is a slight chance you'll find it's plot to be
nonsense. Regardless even if you dismiss the story as something
completely stupid there is still plenty of impressive action,
stunt-work, car chase-thrills and tension to keep you entertained. But
it's far from being just mindless action. It is dark, it doesn't scare
away to show some nasty stuff such as the Terminator repairing himself
with this flesh torn or him going on a spree at the police station all
of which cleverly emphasizes what an unstoppable, ruthless force we're
dealing here with. Speaking of the scene at the police station, it is
probably one of the most spectacular shootout scenes ever. The non-stop
sounds of gunfire, smart use of POV shots which at the time were
something creative and not overused, clear camera angles and
uncompromised outcome make it something truly special. And Arnolds
performance in it is pure badassery. The Terminator is one of those must-see movies. Even now where it's
formula has already been copied countless times, I still can't
appreciate it enough. It is a product of one of the greatest filmmaker
of our time, which earned its success by pure passion for the material,
imagination and vision, and it shows. Truly a masterpiece.
			
Who would have thought a low budget science fiction movie aptly named
The Terminator would become a successful movie as well as start the
meteoric rise of Arnold Schwarzenegger as a legend in cinema, introduce
director James Cameron to Hollywood as a force to be reckoned with,
give a new meaning to audiences with the immortal line "I'll be back",
spawn a large fan base, and then witness the birth of a big-budget saga
with an even bigger sequel in 1991 that outdoes the first movie with
Terminator 2: Judgement Day and then continue on with Terminator 3:
Rise of the Machines in 2003, Terminator Salvation in 2009, and
Terminator Genisys in 2015 as well as a short lived TV series
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles.Arnold Schwarzenegger introduces us to his now iconic role as The
Terminator, a cyborg disguised as a human being. The Terminator has
been sent back in time from 2029 to Los Angeles in 1984 to terminate
Sarah Connor in order to prevent the birth of her unborn child, John
Connor, who would go on to lead the human resistance to victory against
Skynet and the machines in the future following a nuclear war which
almost wiped out most of the human race. Arnold Schwarzenegger, in a
rare role as a villain, is perfect as the Terminator, a killing machine
who is programmed to kill without any pity, remorse or fear in his
single minded quest to terminate Sarah Connor.Linda Hamilton in an early role introduces us to Sarah Connor, a timid
and mousy waitress who's life will be changed forever upon the
discovery her unborn son, John Connor, will become the future leader of
the human resistance. She still does not believe that such an event
will happen with the nuclear war and the rise of the machines, until
her encounter with the Terminator and thus begins her quest to stay
alive for the sake of her unborn son and to survive this real life
nightmare.Michael Biehn in one of his early roles plays Kyle Reese, a young,
battle-hardened, and world-weary soldier who volunteered to be sent
back in time from 2029 to 1984 by John Connor to protect his mother at
all costs from the Terminator. Once Reese rescues Sarah, he warns her
about the impending doom of the human race from the nuclear war and her
future significance carried by her and her unborn son.Keep an eye out for Bill Paxton in an early role as a street punk.Though The Terminator is now 30 years old, it still stands the test of
time as a positive influence on all science fiction and action movies
since. Exciting, high energy action sequences which turns downtown Los
Angeles into an urban battleground and leads to an even bigger chase to
a climatic showdown keeps the dynamic tension in The Terminator very
tight and does not let the audience go for one moment.Taut and kinetic direction with a sharp eye for attention to detail
from James Cameron keeps The Terminator as a gritty, clever,
breathtaking, exciting and thrilling movie from beginning to end.Definitely one of the greatest science fiction movies of all time.10/10.
			
In the future, Skynet, a computer system, fights a losing war against
the humans who created it. Just before being destroyed, Skynet sends a Terminator back in time to
kill Sarah, the mother to be of John Connor, the Leader of the human
resistance. The Terminator can pass for human, is nearly indestructible, and has
only one mission, killing Sarah Connor. One soldier is sent back to protect her from the killing machine. He
must find Sarah before the Terminator can carry out it's mission.....What's left to say about the film that hasn't been said. It defined two
marvellous careers, created maybe the best catchphrase ever committed
to celluloid, and all this thanks to a dream that Cameron had (James,
not David).Its a simple premise, executed brilliantly and imitated many times
since. Any direct to video release featuring the word Robot or Cyborg
for the following fifteen years after 1984, either homaged or ripped
off the movie.Schwarzenegger is perfect, it's his greatest role, and although T2 is
the better movie, Arnold as the villain makes it more urgent than its
sequel. You believe he's unstoppable, and although you've seen the
movie dozens of times, that scene where the Terminator finally spots
Connor in the Tech-Noir, it still chills.Yes,mothers are many plot holes and flaws, but for heavens sake, its a
movie about a Cyborg being sent back in time to kill the mother of an
unborn boy, and its wonderful.It also proves again the theory that 1984 was the best year ever for
movies.
			
The film that gave Arnie true screen cred, and launched James Cameron's
career, this modest-budget sleeper hit from 1984 has become one of the
greatest-loved sci-fi films ever, featuring an iconic robotic killing
machine, The Terminator.The film makes full use of Arnie's imposing presence, a towering,
relentless behemoth who carves a path of destruction, wiping out anyone
in his way to assassinate his target - Sarah Connor, played by Linda
Hamilton, who is about to learn the fate of mankind, and her destiny to
play in it.Like the titular character, this film rarely lets up, only pausing for
brief moments when Sarah and her protector, soldier-from-the-future
Kyle Reese - Michael Biehn - hide out in a motel away from the city.
Much like the bigger-budgeted Aliens, James Cameron shows what he can
be capable without mega-million-dollar budgets, getting great mileage
out of limited resources. Brief visions of the nuclear-ravaged L.A. of
2029 still look fantastic for their age, a bleak, hellish landscape,
where everyone is in constant fear of the roving robotic
'Hunter-Killers', and the Terminators.This first film has a much darker edge than the others, sometimes
veering into horror territory with The Terminator a virtually
indestructible, literally inhuman foe, though one who still has human
organs that have to be dealt with when too damaged - like removing a
damaged eyeball for example.
			
Today the effects used in the movie are outdated so most of the young
generation will probably discard them but when released The Terminator
was a masterpiece and gave plenty of material for many screenwriters to
work with. It's no secret that even today many movies are inspired by
The Terminator and why shouldn't they when we have 3 amazing actors
(Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn) who simply
gave their all for this movie to be a hit? Sure the plot may seem as
far too complicated at first but James Cameron wanted to get deep into
the entire time paradox and he made it. Was it a success? Well i think
that if it wasn't then The Terminator wouldn't be considered one of the
top movies of all time. Is a time paradox like that possible? Probably
not since something needs to exist now in order to exist in the future
and not vice versa but in the end we are talking about a movie and it
simply doesn't get any better than this.
			
Like the title to this review said, I have vastly enjoyed both
'Terminator' and 'Terminator 2: Judgement Day'. Despite T2 being
regarded Cameron's best film and the best of the series I personally
enjoyed 'Terminator' a little more. I really loved the simplistic
story, the acting was amazing and seeing our beloved Arnold
Schwarzenneger play the bag guy, cyborg, was completely badass and
awesome. Arnie was more enjoyable in the original because he seemed
terrifying. The scenes where he gets shot, but just rises up were
breathtaking. The acting, the dialogue and story were brilliant. One issue with the
film, and the only I find, is the special effects in some scenes such
as the cyborg's mask. It was obviously fake but it doesn't strike me
that hard. In fact, by the end of the movie I can completely forget
about the bad FX in that scene. The action was brilliant, the direction
and pacing were flawless and like I said before, Arnie playing a BAMF
is a little cooler than him playing a protector. Absolutely legendary film, and extremely underrated!
			
Lean, mean and efficient. Like its title-character, so is James
Cameron's breakthrough film, "The Terminator." Securing its status as a
sci-fi classic almost immediately upon impact, it made a star out of a
certain Austrian bodybuilder, introduced Hollywood to one of the finest
blockbuster directors of our time and forever changed the landscape of
both the science fiction and action genres.The film opens with a muscle-bound machine -- or a "Terminator" as they
are more commonly known -- (Arnold Schwarzenegger) arriving in Los
Angeles, strictly for business purposes. It seems he has been sent back
in time after his creators -- the man-made machines that have taken
over and enslaved civilization -- have exhausted all their resources in
trying to squash a pesky pest in resistance leader John Connor. His
mission: destroy Connor's mother, (Linda Hamilton) before he has even
been conceptualized, thus ensuring victory for all machine kind. Soon
enough the bad bot finds a thorn in his side, as the resistance has
found a way to send one of their own, a solider by the name of Kyle
Reese (Michael Biehn), back in time to preserve the future fruit of
Miss Connor's loins.What is often forgotten about the film amidst its cultural impact is
just how tightly-paced and well oiled it really is. There truly isn't a
moment of fat to be found here. Keeping things under the two hour mark,
Cameron crams just as much action as he does character into the film.
Sure, there are action scenes galore and you can bet it'll keep you on
the edge of your seat. Crucial to the film's success though are moments
where the film breathes, letting in moments of social commentary and
humor like fresh air at all the right moments. To be sure, the
Terminator's pursuit of Kyle and Sarah is made all the more intense
because you believe in them and are placed amidst the chaos via your
own investment in the characters.While Schwarzenegger is absolutely unforgettable as the unstoppable
killing machine, the film is certainly helped a great deal by Biehn's
intensity and commitment to material that may have sounded ridiculous
on paper. Hamilton plays it straight as the girl-next-door type caught
in the crossfire. Shame her career never really extended beyond this
film and its sequel, as she really embodies a character you want to
root for. Of course, none of this would even matter if not for
Cameron's knack for white-knuckled action and tension. Almost like John
Carpenter's "Halloween" with a robot, the film is stripped down and
singularly focused. As Reese states early on, The Terminator will not
stop until Sarah is dead. Keeping true to such a theme, the film is
intense from front to back.While there are certainly things that date the film -- some rough
effects by today's standards, Linda Hamilton looking a bit like Joe
Dirt -- it has held up remarkably well over the years. At close to 30
years of age, there are few films that have come along in its wake that
can even compare. Even if you've seen it a hundred times, it still
entertains like few films of its ilk can. Truly a bonafide classic,
"The Terminator" stands in a class by its own. Be sure to look out for
the equally awesome sequel, "Terminator 2: Judgment Day," but beware of
the diminishing returns brought on by two later sequels and a
well-meaning but utterly unnecessary TV series.
			
The Terminator is a science fiction action film directed by James
Cameron, co-written by Cameron, Gale Anne Hurd and William Wisher Jr.
and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Michael Biehn, and Linda Hamilton.
Schwarzenegger plays the Terminator, a cyborg assassin sent back in
time from the year 2029 to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor, played by
Hamilton. Biehn plays Kyle Reese, a soldier from the future sent back
in time to protect Sarah.Endlessly imitated, The Terminator made the
reputation of co-writer/director James Cameron and solidified the
stardom of Arnold Schwarzenegger.Kyle Reese is a member of the human resistance movement, is teleported
back to 1984. His purpose: to rescue Sarah Connor, the mother of the
man who will lead the 21st-century rebels against the tyrannical
machines, from being assassinated before she can give birth. Likewise
thrust back to 1984 is The Terminator, a grim, well-armed, virtually
indestructible cyborg who has been programmed to eliminate Sarah
Connor. After killing two "Sarah Connors" who turn out to be the wrong
women, he finally aims his gunsights at the genuine article.It is a blazing, cinematic comic book, full of virtuoso movie-making,
terrific momentum, solid performances and a compelling story.This is
the film that cemented Schwarzenegger's spot in the action-brawn
firmament, and it was well deserved. James Cameron's story and
direction are pared to the bone and all the more creepy. But don't
overlook the contributions of Linda Hamilton, who more than holds her
own as the Terminator's would-be victim, Sarah Connor that helps create
a new generation of rugged, clear-thinking female action stars. It's
surprising how well this film holds up, and how its minimalist,
malevolent violence is actually way scarier than that of its far more
expensive, more effects-laden sequel.Added to that,with its impressive
action sequences, taut economic direction, and relentlessly fast pace,
it's clear why it continues to be an influence on sci-fi and action
flicks.
			
It's not easy to write a review about a movie I have seen 27 years ago.
This movie is quarter-century old. It's a great combination of action,
science-fiction, mystery and romance. Fundementally, it is based upon a
futuristic science fiction idea.The present time story begins with two guys appearing out of of thin
air, searching for Sarah O'Connor. One of them is a tough guy, full of
muscles, who seems to kill anybody on his way without any hesitation or
remorse. The other is a mild character with somewhat more delicate
features.As the story unfolds, you realize each character has his own agenda
about Sarah O'Connor. One of them is protective of Sarah while the
other is trying to terminate her - hence The Terminator.Why The Terminator is trying to kill Sarah is the mystery of the movie.
It ties to the introduction in the beginning of the movie when we are
given a glimpse of the future when mankind are battling with the
machines for their survival.Overall, Terminator is a great motion picture, a combination of
familiar sci-fi elements put together in an original script packed with
entertaining action sequences. Arnold is perfect for this role. Its
almost as if the role has been written for him. Its success has been
confirmed by later sequels (T2 Judgment Day, Terminator 3 The Rise of
the Machines, and Terminator Salvation).
			
The Terminator is a thrilling sci-fi that entertains. This is the movie
that got started James Camerons clime of fame. The action, suspense,
plot, acting, and dialogue is great. The score is great especially the
main song. Arnold gives a scary performance as one of my favorite
villains The Terminator. Kyle Reese's dialogue when he talks about the
future is very well written, and gives you a good impression of how bad
it is in the future. The shootout at the police station is great, and
shows off how The Terminator is a killing machine. Also I am impressed
with how they made the movie with just almost 6 and half million and
made it look so good. The Terminator is a great film.4 stars out of 4
			
Arnold Shwarzenegger is a human beast. Not only can he act, he's been
the governor of California for a few years now. but before he was a
good guy, he wanted one woman dead....Sarah Connor.Set in the year 1984, which was modern day when this film was made,
Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) is a normal, run of the mill everyday
woman, working as a waitress at a caf. She doesn't understand the true
value of her life until there's a man out to kill her. But it's not
really a man. it's a T-800, a robot wrapped in human flesh, skin, bone,
and hair. in short, It's a Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger).But why does the terminator want Sarah dead? Who is Kyle Reese (Michael
Beihn) and why is he the one to tell Sarah everything? And more
importantly, Why must Sarah be kept alive? To find the answers, you
must watch this amazing piece of Cinema.
			
Excellent, excellent film. For being over twenty years old, the effects
hold up well. The lovely Linda Hamilton and Arnold Schwarzenegger are
perfect for their roles. Few movies are better paced as The Terminator
boasts some of the finest lines and visuals in film history. I suggest
to anyone who is interested in science fiction, that you must watch
this movie.It's Los Angeles and 1984. Two beings from the future, one a killing
cyborg, the other a skilled fighting human, come to the present seeking
the same woman, Sarah Connor. She holds the key to the future in her
son, who's not even a thought to her mind before the cyborg starts
killing every Sarah Connor in the phone book.What makes Terminator a science fiction classic is how you can compare
the movie to real life. Before computers became a mandatory household
luxury, there was already a vision that we would overly rely on them
and this movie does an excellent job in giving us a fantastic
worst-case scenario, playing on our fears and imagination. The scene at
the police station is one of my personal favorites. The music is
excellent, the direction is sharp, and everyone is in top form. The
Terminator is perfect science fiction.
			

I first saw this action picture in 1998. I was terrified by Arnold
Schwarzenegger's supreme acting. But, when I recently saw it, after six
years, I was totally amazed at Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn's
performances. They were very excellent. But my one pet peeve is the
special
effects. They are terrible! But, it was the 80's! Overall, the
performances
save this picture from doom. ****.
			

I give you one of the most suspenseful break-neck pace action films ever
made.  The Terminator is an unforgettable action picture that doesn't let up
until the very last minute.Wonderful action scenes; violent as hell; great performances by everyone
help make this film a must for action fans.  Great score as
well.
			

Just caught yet another re-run of The Terminator on late night TV. Gotta
say, this film still delivers the goods nearly twenty years after its
release.Okay, so the 80's hairstyles and the god-awful fashion date it a little,
and
the story has been mimicked, plagurised and downright ripped-off dozens of
times by now, but essentially this is still as lean and mean as it ever
was.In fact, when you compare both the original and the awesome sequel, T2, to
the likes of The Matrix, this flick still reigns supreme as an
astonishingly
well-crafted (given the meagre budget) masterclass in how to marry complex
exposition to unrelenting action, without resorting to flashy gimmickery
or
million dollar excesses.Director James Cameron's ability to deliver the movie's sometimes weighty
exposition without slowing the plot down is still a joy to behold, and the
performances endure as knockouts all round - you really can still identify
and believe in Kyle and Sarah's plight.Yeah, I'll grant you that the effects work in the finale does look a
little
ropey, what with the advent of CGI, but even by today's standards, The
Terminator is still a classic to be reckoned with, the technical effects
work alone being near miraculous in their execution given the limited
finances available.In an era of formulaic junk cramming the multiplexes in the name of
entertainment, The Terminator is still simultaneously smart, thrilling and
iconic. Now - how many of our recent 'blockbusters' could truly claim the
same?  
			

WARNING: I will be going into the plot in great detail, so if you haven't
seen the film, please do not read this, it will spoil your first
experience.Having said that, I regret not being able to see this movie for the first
time again. Seeing how you're still reading this, I'm assuming you've seen
the film. So I won't have to tell you that it's a gritty
horror film rather than the action movie which is the second installment,
or
that it's far superior in plot.Personally I regret the fact that the film opens with a brief plot
outline.
I would have preferred it if the film would have just explained this along
the way, but that's my only gripe.This has to be one of the best science fiction/horror movies of all time.
A
real classic. Though the aforementioned outline tells us there is a
terminator and a protector, you don't know which is which (even though
it's
pretty easy to guess). Furthermore, it's never mentioned that the
Terminator
is a machine. If you would look at this film with a sceptical, yet open,
mind, you'll get one of the best first film-experiences ever. Assuming
that
you don't know what the Terminator is, you'll see it do things that are
just
not logical. This guy is being gunned down in a bar, but manages to stand
up
again. What is going on here. It's not until after this scene, that you'll
get a Terminator Point of View (POV) which explains we're not dealing with
a
man, but with a machine. Later in the movie, after Kyle Reese has
explained
that the Terminator doesn't feel pain, you'll see it limping after being
run
down by a truck. If the Terminator doesn't feel pain, then why is it
limping. Again this is explained later, when the flesh is burnt off, and
you
see it sustained damage to the foot mechanics. It's stuff like this that I
live for.Next, and I think this is the most important part, is the magnificent
elliptic storytelling. This is easiest explained if we start in 2029.
SkyNet
is on the verge of losing the war, and sends back a Terminator to kill the
mother of the leader of the resistance, John Connor, before he is born. In
order to protect her, a protector is sent after the Terminator: Sergeant
Kyle Reese. Ultimately Kyle Reese and Sarah Connor fall in love, make
love,
and Sarah becomes pregnant of John Connor. Thinking this thing through: If
SkyNet hadn't sent a Terminator back through time, Kyle Reese wouldn't
have
been sent, John Connor wouldn't have been born, there wouldn't have been a
resistance and SkyNet would have won. Which means there basically is no
beginning, unlike for instance in Back To The Future, where the past is
altered which has it's effects on the present. Though the Terminator has
been sent back in time to alter the course of history, all it really does
is
perpetuate it. (Twelve Monkeys worked according to the same principle).
There is still the implication that your actions shape the future, but
that
changing the course of history is impossible, since changing the past will
create the present that is.Accuracy is also one of the strong points of the film. After Sarah has
completed a plastic explosive device, Reese mentions "Six more of those
and
we'll be done". Counting the number of bombs used you will notice that
only
7 bombs are being thrown. Having been in the army for 2 years with the Uzi
as a personal weapon, I can tell you that there's a maximum of 30 rounds
that go into the clip (actually 32, but to prevent jamming 30 is the
maximum). If you would count the number of rounds being fired before the
Uzi
must be reloaded, you'll find that no more than 30 rounds are fired
(unlike
for instance Red Heat, where Schwarzenegger fires 13 rounds from a
Magnum.44 which only holds 6).Also the reality of the violence is magnificent. I love movies which
portray
violence for what it is: Horrible. Don't get me wrong, I like movies where
you can cheer when a bad guy is shot, but I believe realistic movies to be
superior (if you agree, you should check out Platoon and Schindler's
List).Lastly, though there is a significant amount of terror, there's also some
wonderful comic relief. The two police officers: "That coffee is two hours
cold." "Uhuh" (takes a sip). "I put a cigaret out in it." Or the answering
options the Terminator has when he's asked: "Hey buddy, you got a dead cat
in there." which include "Yes", "No", "Go away", and "Please come back
later" until he finally selects "F*** you, a**hole."All in all a true classic in every sense. An absolute must
see.Rating 10 out of 10
			

Easily the best sci-fi action thriller of all time, The Terminator was a
vehicle that put Arnold Schwarzenegger in the spotlight but the real actors
of the movie Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton brought the movie to
perfection.  Along with James Cameron, they made the best adrenaline rush
in
movie history.
			

One of the best horror/sci-fi movie out there.Some casual movie-seers who've seen the sequel first may think the sequel
is
better. But you're wrong. The first is more than just a simple B-movie. T2
doesn't come even close to the first.Yeah, the clothes and SFX are out-dated. But you can't blame it. It's of
1984 after all. Other than that the first is way better than the sequel.
(still the sequel is one of the best sequel movie of all. and in
action-wise, the sequel is better)
			

IMHO, you can't do much better than the Terminator.  It is sci-fi horror at
its finest.  This movie introduces us to one of the best villains ever seen
next to Darth Vader himself.  Anyone who prefers the kinder, gentler
Terminator over the monster that Arnold portrays here is a person with quite
different tastes than mine.  Watching that cyborg calmly slicing his damaged
eye out and impersonating Sara's Mom are chilling sights that you won't soon
forget!  Arnold absolutely makes this movie what it is, it's true that he
was born to play this role, although all others involved are excellent. Most people of course think of the "I'll be back" line, which has become
Arnold's catch phrase, and has become rather tired.  Not here.  The things
that the Terminator says ARE often funny, but not in a yuck-yuck one liner
type of way.  The key is that the Terminator is not trying to be funny at
all!  He SEEMS funny because he simply makes demands or states facts, which
is not the way real humans interact.  So we laugh when the Terminator says,
"I'll be back", not in a "Arnolds bein' funny" way, but in a nervous,
"what's the heck is he talking about?" way.  He truly appears to have no
soul at all, and gives the performance of a lifetime.
So for those who like Arnold's newer, funnier movies, be warned- don't
expect anything pleasant here. There is no kid, no happy ending, no
"everything will be all right" message.  
The Terminator is very bleak, very scary, very dark, and not for everyone by
any means.  But if you like sci-fi horror movies this is the holy grail and
may never be topped.P.S. -I don't know much about guns, but listen carefully to what the
Terminator tries to order in the gun shop early in the film.  Also notice
that he stares downward while talking in this scene because he's reading the
list off his eyeballs.  Great attention to detail, great
stuff!!
			

  Ok people who say the second is better than the first.  Explain to me how the second one would have made any sense without the
first one?  I know this because I saw the second one first and thought,
"wow, what a great movie, yet there are points in it I don't understand". 
Then I saw the first one, explained those missing points and ideas.  So much
better in almost everyway.  I will admit the production and special effects
are better in the second one(for obvious reasons).  But, how can you say the
second is more dramtic when it's the same thing on the first one(done better
I will say) and for storyline, it's also THE SAME THING!   The first one was much more impacting on society than the second for the
reasons of it's a brand new idea, it's a novel concept that if thought
about, could quite possibly happen, and for it's time, it was way ahead in
special effects and such.     The future is un-written and you MUST keep an open mind toward these
kinds of movies or you will absolutely hate them.  
                                    10/10 easy. 
   
			

The Terminator has long been my favorite movie of all time.  It was a movie
I thought that was way ahead of a time.  If you were to see it, there's no
way you could of imagined that it was made in 1984.  Camereon's first real
classic.  Michael Biehn I thought stole the show with his performance as
Kyle Reese.  Sarah Hamilton also gives the performance of her career and
Arnold delivers an outstanding performance in the few memorable lines that
he gives.  The Terminator delivers not only a action packed, explosive
thrill ride, but also a very emotional heart warming scene involving Biehn
and Hamilton.  This will forever be the most memorable film I've ever
experienced.
			
*WARNING*
MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS!!!!!!!It is surprising to see that many people like Terminator 2 better than the
original. WHY? T2 was just a repeat of the first, except that the T1000 was
mainly after John Connor. I'm not saying the sequel is a bad flick, it's
just that many people don't give THE TERMINATOR the credit it
deserves.See it for yourself and you'll agree.
			

This movie is still my all time favourite....the plot is pretty
simpleAn innocent woman called Sarah Connor in 1984 is targeted for assasination
in the future where a war is happening between humanity and machines.  The
machines target her because she will give birth to John Connor, he is
humanitys last hope.  The humans send a soldier called Kyle Reese to
protect
her, he has fallen in love with Sarah from a photgraph he has of her as he
says to her 'I came across time for you Sarah'This film has everything the tension is remarkable, it is dark and brutal
and yet there is still time for a love story.  All the actors put in great
performances.  Especially Arnie who is genuinelly scary as The Terminator.
10/10
			

The Terminator is one of the greatest science fiction films of all time.
The
story revolves around an innocent woman in 1984. Her life has great
significance in the years to come. Two soldiers are sent from the future,
one to protect her and one to terminate her. Of course she falls in love
with the one sent to protect her and the one sent to destroy her? This guy
just happens to be an unstoppable, unkillable machine.....its Arnie at his
best, its sci-fi at its best, its my favourite film ever....can't wait till
T3 in 2002

			

This is still one of my personal top 10 movies. T2 doen't even come close.
Yes the FX in T2 is better but a movie isn't just the FX's (just look at
some of Arnolds latest movies). The story in T1 is brilliant if you stop
and
think about it for a while.

			

 The Terminator is a lot of things. For one thing, it's scary. Well, the
movie itself isn't scary, nor was it intended to be, but the message it
projects certainly is. It shows us a future full of killing, suffering, and
pain. Another holocaust really. And we all brought it upon ourselves because
we went too far with our technology.It's exciting. The movie never gets dull. The action sequences really stand
out from other films. It's well acted. Arnie plays the emotionless cyborg to perfection. No one
else could've played the T-800 but Arnold. Michael Biehn is probably the
best actor in this film, showing many sides to his character. We really do
get a sense of where he came from. Linda Hamilton was a great heroine as
well and her character certainly develops well. Lance Henriksen and Paul
Winfield play entertaining cops. Everyone else was adequate at least. Look
for Bill Paxton as one of the earlier Terminator victims.It's a mix of genres. We have the T-800 knocking people off like in a horror
movie. He even walks in and slaughters a couple after they've made love. The
action parts of the film is obviously. It's Sci-Fi, with the whole time
travel + cyborg stuff. It's also a love story.Speaking of which, this movie is also emotionally touching. The sex scene
between Kyle and Sarah actually enhanced the plot rather than be an excuse
to see some cleavage. Not to mention, the music for that scene was just
right and so were the camera angles. And when Kyle died in the end, you
really felt something. Especially when Sarah pulls him over and sees that he
isn't breathing. Also when she sees him being zipped up in the body
bag.All in all, the Terminator is a reason why I love movies so much. It's a
good, exciting, and touching story that makes you think...I highly recommend
this to anyone.
			

This movie has the best hero and one of the best villains in the history of
science fiction movies or any movies in general. Kyle Reese(the hero played
by Michael Biehn) is the greatest. He crossed time, with no chance of going
back, to protect a woman he never meet. The woman is Sarah Connor. She is to
be the mother of John Connor, humanity's leader in the war against the
machines. This man has tremendous courage. He has to go back without weapons
or clothing to face a Terminator, so Sarah can live. Arnold is absolutely
terrifying as the unstoppable machine. Even though people have been seeing
parodies of his portrayel for nearly twenty years, his performance is still
powerful. The ending is perfect. Those who think that Cameron's Titanic is a
terrific love story should see this. That's what The Terminator really is: a
love story. I gave it 10 stars.
			

Arnold Schwarzenegger is the bad guy in this film sent back through time to
murder a woman. Another robot is sent to stop him.  Directing was excellent.
It was fascinating to see Arnold as a younger person, This movie has good
parts and some parts aren't the best. Good to watch anytime!!
			

This is a perfect movie made from my favorite director - James Cameron. I
think this movie is even better than T2. It is scary, it is adventurous,
very well done and original. OK, T2 had more and better special effects but
it was only action, not so scary. In this movie I think the best scene is
the final scene when they get in this factory (or whatever it is) and
Terminator's after them. If you haven't watched it, do it immediately. Every
movie made by James Cameron is top. 10/10 
			

An android; half man, half human; is sent from the future to kill an
innocent woman that will give birth to a person that will play an important
role in a war that could wipe out humanity. This is just about as good as
they get. Once the action gets started it never lets up. Featuring one
heartpounding scene right after another. The effects are amazing and the
film is able to put in a chilling sub-plot about the future of mankind. Plus
the good guys are so likable and you are able to become involved in their
story. This film packs a powerful punch and far surpasses its sequel. A
perfect 10 out of 10.
			

We all know the story, so i wont bore you on that. What i want to say is
this, the Terminator is a timeless classic that is often overlooked due to
its far poorer and yet far well known sequel that, from my point of view,
should never have been created, if it were to be so infinitely inferior
compared to The Terminator.
The Terminator could well have just turned into a B-movie, but didnt. The
great thing about it is how right from the start to the very end of the
music (another brilliant thing about it), it has you at the edge of your
seat, your attention never waivers, and no matter how many times you watch
it, it just gets better and better.
The music is, to put it bluntly, almost the best. The only music in a film
that is better is that of The Last of the Mohicans. From my point of view,
the music of a film is more important than the dialogue and visuals of a
film, and after the first time i watched The Terminator, that music has
stuck in my mind ever since (and im glad for it !).
The other reasons that The Terminator is so good is its characters. Arnold
Schwarzenegger is at his very best in this film, and i still think he has
never managed to top this performace. Granted, he said less than 100 words
or something, but that doesnt matter. The music and his actions when he
was
on screen defied any dialogue, and the less he talked, the better he was.
The scene in the technoir club and the Police Station "incident" are two
of
the greatest scenes ever.
Linda Hamilton was brilliant as the innocent waitress who's boring every
day
life, being continuously stood-up, suddenly turns into the most important
living being on earth.
Finally, there is Michael Biehn. Now i thought that Linda should have been
catapulted into super stardom, when she wasnt, but Michael Biehns' luck in
Hollywood is evan worse. He pulls off a performance that i dont think any
other actor could have done. From my point of view, he was perfect. He had
the greatest lines and the best character in all the film. You can really
feel pity for this guy to say the least, as he seems so small compared to
the massive bulk of Arnold, and yet just as Arnold keeps on getting up
after
being shot up, for a human, Riece does very well, showing the urgency and
importance of his misson, as he must succeed. Michael Biehn gets no where
near enough credit for this film, and instead of being in the Hollywood A
List, hes way down the line. When it came out in the Cinemas', i watched
The
Rock, it had Sean Connery and Michael Biehn in it, i thought that both of
them would have pivotal parts, and was hugely disappointed too see him die
almost immediately after less time on screen than Ray Parkes in TPM. This
guy
really has been literally dumped on.
Finally, James Cameron, for a guy who made the most expensive film ever, i
have one piece of advice, get back to low budgets, cause this is the best
film you've ever made and are ever likely to make.
So, in conclusion, if anybody out there hasnt watched this film, watch it,
its one of the best. 
			

First of all I'll say that this is my favourite movie.  Granted there are
better dramas, films with superior acting and deeper stories, but The
Terminator, for me, is the complete movie.You have a clever Sci-fi story, time travel, one of the best villains in
movie history, a love story and relentless action.The reason this film really hit the mark for me was when I first saw it.  I
was about 15 and saw it on video knowing nothing about it and I was blown
away.  For the first time the 'bad guy' didn't tie people up, drag out a
death scene only to be thwarted at the minute.  No this finally showed what
a true killing machine would do.  There's two great remarks in the film that
I only picked up on repeated viewings: "Stay in a public place and you'll be
safe" and "There's over 30 cops in this building, what could happen to you"
(sorry not a direct quote words to that affect).  These statements are then
blown away as The Terminator just destroys everything that gets in his way.On top of this refreshing callous violence is the wonderfully developed
love story between Reece and Connor.  It's so well done that the character
interplay takes place at the same time as the main action.I could go on and on as to why I love this film, but I'll leave it
there.By the way T2 was such a disappointment when compared to  this. >10/10

			

All the James Cameron's films contain a big disaster of some kind. Although
it may not look it, The Terminator is his most nightmarish work. Three
billion people perish as a defense network computer, the SkyNet, initiates a
nuclear war that leaves Earth in ruins. Even though we do not witness this
nightmare-come-true on screen, it emanates from every part of this
frighteningly atmospheric masterpiece. Remnants of the human population
battle a desperate war against SkyNet's army of sophisticated war machines,
under the leadership of John Connor. As SkyNet realizes that its days are
numbered, it sends a human-looking mercenary back through time to
assassinate the mother of John Connor so that he can never be born and not
lead the human resistance to its victory. John Connor is able to send a
protector for his mother, Kyle Reese, but can he stop the evil cyborg before
it's too late?Although The Terminator is not as much action-packed as T2 or Aliens, and
the action sequences are not the best I have seen, it doesn't damages the
movie at all. On the contrary: time is devoted to character and story
development and I quickly realized that its primary purpose is not just to
entertain, but also to warn: to warn against the power that we possess and
how it can be misused to destroy its creator: humans. Attention to detail,
that would become the director's signature, is amazing. And also there is
romance; although I admit one sexual scene lasting for one and a half minute
does not make a romantic film, it was never intended for that purpose.
Rather, it serves as an enrichment of already brilliant story and
characters. Acting is superb, I think this is Shwarzenegger's most convincing
performance. Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn are excellent, too. Music is
so good it makes my skin crawl. The Terminator is one of only three movies
which I consider nearly perfect: 10/10
			

Terminator belongs up there with Star Wars for ground breaking Sci-Fi
movies. Great plot, excellent execution of special effects, great action
sequences. Arnold coins the phrase "I'll be back!". Incredible cast! This
movie could turn a regular (non-sci-fi) moviegoer onto the genre. I only
rated it a 9 because its sequel is even better. This is TOP SHELF!! Must
see!
			
James Cameron delivers his first box office sensation starring the
ultimate body-builder legend, Arnold Schwarzenegger in this classic
1980's technical science fiction action thriller. Its one of the
coolest conceptual movies ever made taking place in a modern world that
may or may not exist in the near future due to artificially intelligent
machines deciding to strike back against mankind. Although, younger
viewers will find some of the special effects a bit cheesy and dated,
the plot is a concept that will define a whole new genre, and changed
Americans' perspective of films forever. Schwarzenegger is sheer perfection as a menacing futuristic cyborg sent
back to the year 1984 in order to destroy the mother of an unborn
resistance leader that will inevitably defeat the machines. The human
resistance must counter-attack by sending a human being (Michael Biehn)
back to the same year to protect the target (Linda Hamilton). This is
slam-bang action from start to finish, and features an excellent cast
and the innovative, ground-breaking genius of Stan Winston's blending
of computer animation with mechanical prosthetic motion photography. A
haunting musical score, clever script, tense mood and atmosphere
contribute to the film's suspense, and a revealing climax that is the
icing on the cake. Cameron's detailed vision is complex and engaging,
and Hamilton, Biehn, Paul Winfield, and Lance Henrickson are all
outstanding. Also features early performances by 80's up-comers Bill
Paxton, Brian Thompson, Dick Miller and more. This will also spawn the
excellent ground-breaking sequel, T2: Judgement Day. Its first-rate
filmmaking to say the least, and sets the stage for one of the greatest
technically challenging film directors of the 80's and 90's.
			
Originally, whilst writing the review for Predator, I thought that was
Arnold Schwarzenegger's best role, however, one of my favourite actors
of all time was at his absolute best in this movie! A must see for any
action movie lovers!The film is about a robot sent back through time to kill the mother of
John Connor, whom will eventually lead the resistance against the
machines in the war following judgement day. The human resistance also
sent back a soldier, however, in Kyle Reese, to fight the machine and
help protect Sarah, John's mother. Kyle and Sarah must find a way to
stop the unstoppable, and this robot will kill everyone and everything
in order to complete his machine!The film just basically depicts their fight against the Terminator,
which is portrayed amazingly by Arnie and actually I do not believe any
actor in the world could have portrayed the cold hearted machine
better! There are some truly amazing action scenes here, such as the
police station, and the brutality of the Terminator is shown from the
start when he destroys a group of punks.
			
this is truly one of the best films ever made. it ticks all the boxes
for any viewer, it has a brilliant love story, great action and
violence and a great story. considering he really cannot act this role
was perfect for Schwarzenegger. playing an emotionless cyborg
Schwarzenegger has few lines, but delivers his timelessly quotable
lines with aplomb. he's ruthless with his pistol and hell bent on
ridding the world of every breathing Sarah Connor. also Linda Hamilton
is wonderful in the film, her transition from hapless naive teen to a
hardened warrior destined to give birth to the leader of the resistance
is excellent. also Michael biehns Karl Reece is flawless, hardened by a
seemingly unwinable war against the machines he battles the terminator
knowing he will never win, he is out manned, out gunned but unafraid of
his inenvitable death. look out for Sarah's flat mates boyfriend Matt.
his fight with the t-101 is wonderful to behold. he simply keeps
fighting not knowing he simply cant win. all i can say is watch it you
will not be disappointed.
			
This movie inspired me in enter in this world of cinema I have to say
it is the best of all time, but do thousands of remakes never be able
to exceed the level of James Cameron and Schwarzenegger This movie
inspired me in enter in this world of cinema I have to say it is the
best of all time, but do thousands of remakes never be able to exceed
the level of James Cameron and SchwarzeneggerThis movie inspired me in
enter in this world of cinema I have to say it is the best of all time,
but do thousands of remakes never be able to exceed the level of James
Cameron and Schwarzenegger This movie inspired me in enter in this
world of cinema I have to say it is the best of all time, but do
thousands of remakes never be able to exceed the level of James Cameron
and Schwarzenegger
			
Filmmaker James Cameron had already showed a real style and vision when
working for Roger Corman's special effects and art department, also
learning well how to shoot fast and on a low budget. Here his talent
and experience paid off with this breakthrough film, truly a model
action picture with its unflagging pace and intensity level. It moves
forward quite well while also remaining coherent, telling an
interesting story that owes a debt to not only the works of Harlan
Ellison, as is credited at the end, but Michael Crichtons' "Westworld".
Arnold Schwarzenegger delivers a credible star performance as the title
character, a cyborg sent to 1984 from the future by an omnipotent
artificial intelligence. It wants to ensure that its primary human
enemy, a man named John Connor, is never born, so the terminator is
sent back in time to assassinate his mother Sarah (Linda Hamilton).
Fortunately, a protector for Sarah is also sent back, a sensitive
soldier named Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn). Reese will have his work cut
out for him not only trying to keep Sarah alive, but convincing her
that his wild sounding story is indeed reality. "The Terminator" has
incredible atmosphere, in both its present and future scenes, and has
some wonderful eye popping visuals, not to mention fantastic special
effects work by Stan Winston. Brad Fiedel's music score is catchy and
iconic, but sounds even more haunting and effective when it's done as a
simple piano melody. The editing (by Mark Goldblatt), art direction (by
George Costello), and cinematography (by Adam Greenberg) are all first
rate. The movie does date itself in certain ways (fashion styles and
music), but that merely adds to the appeal in this viewers' humble
opinion. It's also not wall to wall action, as it takes some breathers
here and there, and is really quite touching in some of its quieter
moments. The casting is spot on all the way down the line.
Schwarzenegger is perfect as the relentless killing machine, especially
as the role doesn't require a lot of dialogue, the under-rated Biehn
does a nice job of selling his character and the material, and
appealing Hamilton does a fine job with her character arc as Sarah
changes from being kind of a mousy person to being more take-charge.
The excellent supporting cast features such reliable people as Lance
Henriksen (who's a hoot), Paul Winfield, Rick Rossovich, and Earl Boen,
and there are some wonderful bits for Bill Paxton, Brian Thompson, and
Dick Miller. Cameron and co-writer / producer Gale Anne Hurd inject the
film with a decent dose of humour (such as the terminator cycling
through various possible responses to a question) that never becomes
too prevalent. "The Terminator" is simply one of the best films of its
kind, and its impact on pop culture (including Arnolds' best known
cinematic one-liner of them all) is undeniable. A must see for sci-fi
and action lovers. Followed by three sequels and the 'Sarah Connor
Chronicles' TV series. 10 out of 10.
			
Kyle Reese is a child of the apocalypse who has been given the chance
of a lifetime in a future where the average life expectancy is likely
about 30. Reese has been picked by the leader of the sewer soldiers to
go back in time to protect the holy mother from an Austrian Android.
Unfortunately, it's hard to be emotionally invested in the Reese
character because he is so ungrateful. I mean here he is in a time when
rat burgers are a thing of the past well, future (Reese's past!)...
and all he can do is whine. It's true that having to survive against a
mechanical hunk of death metal is a bit of a distraction from the
luxury of bottled water, but lighten up Kyle! The cops ask Kyle how he
will get back to the future and he gives a sad response of "I can't."
WTF! Why would you want to go back to a city- sized trash heap crawling
with metallic monsters and Hunter Killers? Kyle, go get some sushi, get
some plastique, get laid and get to the choppah! Oops, wrong movie!
			
The basic plot of the movie is that a highly sophisticated machine (The
Terminator) with extraordinary physical powers that also looks like a
human on the outside (Schwarzenegger) has been sent from the future to
the present so that the machines can terminate the mother of the only
person who can save the human species in the final war between humans
and machines that rages in the future world. This is being done so that
the 'savior of the human species' is never born, and with that done the
machines of the future can win easily. The humans of the future come to
know of this plan, and so they too send a human into the present time
to stop the terminator from carrying out this plan. All the action
revolves around this plot, and all the sequences are brilliantly
choreographed, along with superb visual effects and dialogs. The role
of Schwarzenegger is so perfectly fitting as 'The Terminator', that it
is spooky. This has rightly earned him the nickname 'Terminator' of
which he too is proud of. It is this spooky feeling that indicates that
this is no simple sci-fi action movie, and that there runs beneath the
surface theme of man versus machine, a more fundamental theme of life
and death, of 'Eros' and 'Thanatos' than just action and adventure, and
that is why this is a classic.Coming to the abstract ideas behind the movie, the idea of 'time
travel' is now well recognized as purely fictional and therefore serves
as an artistic and imaginative prop or support for other ideas. The
core abstract idea is that of an ongoing struggle between mankind and
the destructive effects of the reckless use of technology, also
unleashed by man, which going 'out of control' threatens the entire
human species. So this is actually a metaphysical battle taking place
within the human mind at the 'collective unconscious' (Jungian term)
level. The 'archetypes' of 'savior' and 'terminator' are again props
for this battle between those human minds that through their actions
and creative expressions support the sustaining force of life, and
those human minds that act mechanically and insensitively, and who by
their actions support the 'life terminating' or 'death' force."Our technology has already outstripped our ability to control it."
Gen. Omar Bradley The key fact or the truth that is not apparent is
that machines themselves are not players or 'beings' in this struggle,
they are not entities that act themselves because they have no
'volition' or 'will' of any kind, rather machines are value neutral
tools that are used either to create or to destroy. And since this core
abstract idea cannot be presented or explained very explicitly, it has
to take the art form of a movie like this one. (Also compare this to
The Matrix). Thus 'The Terminator' is a powerful symbol of the ever
increasing potential for destruction unleashed by technology that is
bound to occur in the future - the event that can only be extended in
time ( 'buying time') by the creative use of technology."Art is a lie that reveals the truth" said Pablo Picasso. And the truth
is that The Terminator will ultimately succeed in wiping out mankind
because it is 'designed' or 'fated' to do so. This movie buys some more
time for us by it's art.
			
The Terminator is easily one of the best science fiction films released
in the 1980's. Also one of James Cameron's best.This movie really
jump-started Arnold Schwarzenegger's acting career. He is such an
underrated actor. He also did quite well in Predator, Total Recall and
Terminator 2. In my opinion, his best film was Terminator 2. He is just
a total bad-ass in this film. Unlike Terminator 2 and 3, his character
is sent back to kill the mother of the leader of the human resistance.
I the first two sequels, he is sent back to protect him from another
Terminator sent back to kill him. Michael Beihn was amazing too. He
plays his role very well. He really knows how to act. Linda Hamilton
did a great job as well. She is one of the best actresses around. The
Terminator is a milestone in science fiction.
			
Given that the world can take this movie completely for granted now,
one can forget how gradually Cameron unravels what's happening with the
two nude men who emerge one night from a torrent of voltage: One, a
colossal Germanic beast, dispatches of a crew of punks to obtain their
clothes first thing after he instantaneously regains his orientation.
Those clothes, incidentally, should definitely not fit the much massive
man, but that's merely one of a goodly figure of plot cavities that I
only ever note after it's over: Like several ambitious thriller
directors before him, Cameron reveals an exceptional skill at
sustaining the action so summarily that this or that inconsistent
detail doesn't matter. The second nude, Michael Biehn, doesn't have the
same massive figure or imperviousness, but he has the vigilance and
taut physique of an animal, stealing clothes too, managing to pinch a
gun.By this stage we're beginning to note that this smaller man may not
entirely be so formidable like the other, as he's conspicuously not
killed anyone yet, but we still don't understand how any of it relates
to the opening title card describing a war between humans and machines,
or why both men have such a concern with the three Sarah Conners in the
metro area phone book. It swiftly becomes clear to us which of the
three is the one who counts, as we meet her in the form of Linda
Hamilton. We see how tedious her life is, with her co-worker observing,
in what we don't yet recognize is irony, that in 100 years, nobody will
care. Then Sarah finds on the news that someone with precisely her name
has been viciously murdered. Thinking little about it, she arranges for
a night out with her roommate Ginger while the LAPD, led by Paul
Winfield and Lance Henriksen, have to manage the second execution-style
killing of a Sarah Connor in one day.We still don't know what's happening, theoretically at least: We saw
the giant man murder the initial Sarah, we're not familiar with the
second, and neither man has yet verified himself as trustworthy the
slightest bit. So when the smaller man manages to begin stalking our
Sarah, we've every cause to presume that he's trouble, and so does she,
having by now gathered the murders lead straight to her. She dodges
into an ascetically '80s club to call the police and disappear. Two
presumably deadly, anonymous, wordless men hunt the same woman in the
packed nightspot. At least one now has a substantial arsenal.
Eventually, half hour in, one says his very first line of dialogue:
"Come with me if you want to live." With hero and villain now
conclusively determined, the movie's remainder is utterly a chase,
Schwarzenegger pursuing the two humans through LA, slaughter and
nothing else on his agenda. I remain unendingly stunned by how superbly
Cameron sustains the tension: Unquestionably in that first half hour,
there's not one second that's missing heart and soul, when even the
essential exposition of Sarah's life is managed with utmost
effectiveness. Even in the enormous info-dumps that Biehn is burdened
with, we have no sense of the film slumping under the load of it all.
When he bothers to tell Sarah, and us, the plot in essence, it comes
directly after a climactic point, when we're viscerally prepared for
the film to let us decompress.There's the cost-conscious way that Cameron shares information about
Biehn and Schwarzenegger, ensuring that we'll be engrossed in
deciphering who they are. The sharp-witted strokes characterizing
Sarah, making her so authentic that we viscerally crave her survival
until he can bother to show us just why we should be particularly
concerned. Sarah as a convincing, appealing person is much due to
Hamilton playing a young woman of no seeming significance pushed into a
nightmare and never permitted to find her balance. This is usually the
part that feels like just a bookmark, but Hamilton emphasizes her
uncommonly distinctive sense of a woman in an '80s killer-stalking-girl
flick.Biehn, never my favorite actor, nevertheless seems a sinewy, astute
beast as much as a human. It evokes the frantic anguish of his future
life, and makes us pity this tattered endurer. Meanwhile, the epically
iconic rogue of the film: It takes authority, and in Schwarzenegger's
case, a grand succession of close-mouthed expressions, tweaks of the
head. He may be a machine, but he's a convincing one. It's a
categorically star-making performance.Cinematographer Adam Greenberg encapsulates a grimy, murky world,
scattered by overpowering fluorescents. Stan Winston's Terminator
endoskeleton is the stuff of legend, even if some of the animatronics
in certain shots are charmingly old-fashioned. Of all the
collaborators, still, it's composer Brad Fiedel that merits the most
affection: His throbbing, techno-flavored theme leads one of the finest
film scores throughout all the 1980s, and it's maybe the best
instrument Cameron has to use in maintaining the film's propulsion.
It's exciting, dissonant and harsh, that unremitting bass line keeping
the movie seeming like it'll never brake, not unless the menace is
quelled. Cameron's assurance in his material brings his debut far
beyond the standard of all the other films where the screenplay is
merely a cause for explosions and car chases: It's a plot with import
and desperate interests. Though the characters may be standards, they
have persona, and their future is an issue of sincere apprehension.
			
This is one of my all time favourite films. Always will be. I very
rarely give a film 10/10 unless its very special but 'The Terminator'
delivers in every way. Its by far Arnie's best performance to date and
its not because hes not got many lines in the movie! He was made for
this role as the seemingly unstoppable killing machine from the future."give me your address there....."Well done James Cameron for bringing us this class film. Didn't
actually notice at the time but near the start of the movie,check out
bill paxton as one of the punks on the street who make the fatal
mistake of tangling with the terminator...he then went onto star in
another of my fave films "aliens" as hudson.If u haven't seen this film....Where have you been???!!!!!10/10. stunning.
			
this film without a doubt is one of the greatest eighties films of all
time. its dark, stylish and has some awesome action scenes. especially
for the budget the film had.Arnold Schwarzenegger does a fantastic job of acting as the terminator
that is sent back through time to kill Sarah conner (Linda Hamilton) in
1984. to kill the leader of the future resistance before he was even
born, John Conner. so killing Sarah conner before she becomes pregnant
would help Cyberdyne systems in the future in taking over the world.
but john conner himself in the future sends a mercenary back to 1984 to
protect Sarah Conner and destroy the terminator. so the legend of the
future (John Conner) will be born. it really is a very well planned story that kept me on the edge of my
seat when i first watched it. as i continue to watch the classic over
and over again it gets better and better. the music really shows an
awesome eighties vibe. the acting is good. the action is fantastic for
its time.if you haven't seen this masterpiece i'd definitely pick up a copy if i
were you plus the other movies that continue after this one. it really
is a film that will be remembered for probably hundreds of years.James Cameron has really made a fantastic job of this timeless classic.
he made an even better job of the second one so be sure to watch it if
you haven't.............. 10/10.......j.d Seaton
			
The explosive sci-fi thriller that turned Arnold Schwarzenegger into a
superstar is now acknowledged as a cult classic, but it's certainly
worth remembering that it did only modest business at the box office.
Nevertheless, big Arnie hasn't gone hungry since.The plot line of an unstoppable killer robot has become one of the most
overused concepts in sci-fi cinema, but director James Cameron has
imbued the film with plenty of wit and a relentless sense of pace. Even
with today's standards, the make-up effects and the prosthetics are
just as terrifyingly effective as they were in 1984. However, this is
much more than the usual guns-blazing action B-movie: at the heart of
the story lies a woman's reluctance to come to terms with what she must
soon face, and the tragedy of a love that can never be.
			
This movie is so great that I can't even begin to comprehend as to why
it's not rated higher here on IMDb. It's a dark, gritty, relentlessly
entertaining Sci-Fi Horror movie that features terrific performances
all-around, a chilling score, and Arnold as the unstoppable villain.
The special effects were very impressive for it's time, especially
considering the budget. This movie has so many memorable & creepy
scenes like the police station shoot-out, the scene where The
Terminator is repairing his eye and arm, hell the beginning where he
kills the punk teenagers is creepy as hell, especially upon first
viewing since you have no idea what it actually is. Anyway, in my
opinion this movie alone already established James Cameron as a genius,
but then he made a equally great sequel. It gets a 10/10 from me, and
it's undoubtedly one of my favorite movies of all-time.
			
That Terminator is out there.It can't be bargained with.It can't be
reasoned with.It will do everything and will not stop until you are
dead." The movie that turned Arnie into an international star and
director James Cameron a highly acclaimed director.The story is dark
and disturbing.A nuclear holocaust is about to take place and the
machines will take over.The only hope for the remaining human
resistance against them is the still unborn leader John Connor.His
mother Sara doesn't suspect that a machine called Terminator is sent
from the future to assassinate her and prevent John's entire
existence.To protect Sara the human resistance sends a man named Kyle
Reese.But will he succeed against an enemy who seems unstoppable?And so
a dangerous game of cat and mouse begins.There is a lot of
action,chills but most importantly a great story ,something new and
fresh for 1984 when the movie was released.Linda Hamilton and Michael
Biehn both give amazing performances and the audience feels what they
are going through.But the real credit goes to Arnold himself who is
absolutely stunning as the mean machine that kills everyone that gets
in its way.He gets shot,burned,hit by a truck and blown up but just
keeps coming back.A famous scene is when the Terminator goes into the
police station after Sara and kills at least 20 cops in the process.One
of the greatest things about the movie is the metal endoskeleton of the
robot which looks like Death,covered in metal as Cameron describes
it.Its totally terrifying and brutal. In conclusion I'll say that this
is one of the greatest films of all time in my opinion and a must see
whether you like this genre or not.
			
Arnold Schwarzenegger has made an impact on the big screen. First,
there was the first two "Conan" movies, now here's one that will be a
true classic of his, "The Terminator". The Terminator is a stoic
killing machine that its purpose is to "terminate" its target. This
cyborg, is very determined and nothing can stop him. Until one man from
the future named Reese(Michael Biehn) who went after the cyborg to stop
him. The Terminator seems to be more ruthless than any criminal of any
class. After he gets the weapons of choice, he kills the shop owner.
Why would he kill the owner when he's only target is Sarah Connor(Linda
Hamilton). However, The Terminator got to a few wrong Sarah Connors.
The first one, was a mother one bullet to the head was bad enough, did
he have to totally ambush her? The action is so non-stop there, the
gunshots, the car chases, and the plots keeps getting better by the
minute. I liked the scene where the truck get taken and Reese takes out
the truck with the bomb. I've enjoyed this movie straight out, there's
so much to say about it, but I'll just let you see it for yourself. 5
Stars
			
An instant classic, The Terminator succeeds on so many levels, it's
still a benchmark with which to test other films, whether they be
science fiction, action thriller, horror, romance or even comedy. We
begin with the title character himself, uh, itself, essayed by Arnold
Schwarzenegger. No one can deny this film has a sense of humor when you
first see Arnold strolling in the nude toward a trio of punks. Keep in
mind, these are the sort of punks you hope you never run across at
night, but, in the next moment, you feel nothing but sympathy for them
and now Arnold is the source of a kind of horror. It unbalances an
audience (seeing this for the first time) but it's done with such
confidence, such smooth panache, you're caught helplessly in the
undertow of this film's wild yet controlled progression.You're with Arnold, and Michael Biehn, and Linda Hamilton, and you're
overwhelmed by how the story unfolds, presenting concepts of a dark,
ugly future while the action gets better & better with each scene. One
should realize at this time, over 20 years later, that a good portion
of the audience had no idea that Arnold was a robot (ok, cyborg) for
the first half hour of the picture when it was first released. To them,
unless they read a secret paragraph in a sci-fi magazine, Arnold was
just a creepy human killer from the future. This was just another
brilliant stroke by writer-director Cameron who, forced into creative
decisions by a low budget, transcended all expectations of what a
sci-fi B-movie should be. The script never lets us down as far as the
Terminator character - it continually proves to be as Biehn describes
it - remorseless & unstoppable. The story fools the viewers not once
but twice by massacres which happen in places designated 'safe' (the
disco and, more so, the police station). By the end, you're as
exhausted as Linda Hamilton.When the film veers towards the romance, it's not at all awkward, it's
inevitable from the desperate circumstances. Like two souls trapped in
a war only they understand, the time-crossed lovers seem thrown
together by cosmic forces outside their control. We all seem to sense
their time together will be brief, very brief - it's both a very
touching and intense moment. In the end, the film proves to be flawless
in execution - every scene works and builds on the previous scene. It's
astounding how many things could have gone wrong, such as Arnold's
rumored initial role as the hero. Hell, this even has Dick Miller
selling guns. You can't go wrong there.
			
For me this will always be the best of the Terminator films. The second
is a great action film, the third is a popcorn flick. But this, the
first of them, covers everything that the premise promises. The future,
the present, and the strangeness of the laws that might govern
time-travel (if it were at all possible). Kyle Reese is a great
protagonist alongside Linda Hamilton's Sarah Connor. She is very
natural and her reactions to the situation she finds herself in are
spot on. Biehn's Reese comes off very well too, his calm and collected
behaviour in the face of the Terminator shows how much he must be used
to such a menace in the time he comes from.The action in the police station is justifiably legendary. The fact
that Arnold's Terminator doesn't break a sweat when breaking into the
well-guarded police headquarters and killing so many officers, really
manages to drive home the point of what the terminator is. That's in
case Reese's previous explanations about the machine didn't convince
you. Lance Henriksen turns in a great performance as a real oddball of
a character, just over-the-top enough to be plausible. Adding to the
realism, this comic relief is taken out during the shoot-out at the
police station. Just goes to show that no one is safe from the
Terminator.Like Blade Runner, it's surprising how much better executed this film
is compared to the CGI-fests that have taken over the cinema nowadays.
The oldies hold up incredibly well in the comparison. The sparse scenes
depicting the future are well-handled and the sets in no way detract
from the authenticity generated. This film just oozes atmosphere, with
it's bluish lights, dark future, and dark streets of the present with
tube lights everywhere that throw long shadows. And of course Brad
Fiedel's minimalist electronic score captures the mood and everything
else perfectly. The musical motifs for the unstoppable terminator and
the comparably feeble resistance offered by Reese are all present even
in the main theme. I for one never get tired of hearing the same tune
repeated throughout the movie, which at one point manages to morph into
the love theme.It's a shame that Cameron didn't stick to making such films as this and
Aliens (which is almost as entertaining, though for very different
reasons). Titanic, which set out to be a romance, fell far short of it
because it was the romance aspect that felt staged throughout. With the
Terminator, James Cameron achieves a great balance between menacing
action, a believable romance and comedic timing. Perhaps he should
return to making films that don't aim for a love story, but end up
having one as a by-product. Let's hope we can all put the disaster that
was the Titanic behind us and look forward to films of a similar
calibre to his earlier works. Regardless of whatever else he does, I'll
always be grateful to him for the first of the Terminator movies.
			
This has got to be one of the best sci fi films ever made, and possibly
the most influential ever! And not to mention one of the milestones and
pop cultural phenomenal sensations of the 1980s, and perhaps one of
James Cameron's best work, and to the say the least, the movie that
made Arnold Schwarzenegger a star, and this is perhaps the most
memorable role and most recognizable role yet. And Paul Winfield and
Lance Henriksen and Dick Miller were also good here too, even though
their roles were short(may Winfield rest in peace). Even though there
were no special effects or CGI(they used stop motion instead. Oh those
were the days) but you got to love this, once you've watched it, you'll
fall in love with it and would want to watch it over, and over, and
over, and over, and over, and over again and again and again, oh I'll
stop right there. Recommended for all Sci Fi fans, James Cameron fans,
and Arnie fans. Be sure to watch the sequels too!
			
I absolutely love this film - the first time I saw it, I was about
eight and I found it immensely scary watching people being hunted down
by the ultimate cold, ruthless killing machine. Looking back the
special effects weren't that great but at the time it seemed all too
real. I think the second and third films lost their way in the sense
that the 'baddies' weren't scary (with the exception of Robert Patricks
eyes) and too much humour was injected.While the debates continue about Johns age throughout the trilogy, I'd
just like to point out the other time "mistake" in case some of you
aren't aware of it. At the start of the film it stats that it's L.A.
1984. When Reece struggles with the policeman he asks what day it is to
which the reply is "12th May Thursday" - the 12th of May was actually a
Saturday.......
			

The original Terminator is an extremely rare breed of science fiction
film.
It holds a spot in the memory and the imagination because it is so unique
(which is a rarity these days, especially in science fiction), original,
and
intelligent (also a rarity). I have always had an almost unconditional
love
for movies that involve time travel, just because I find it to be such an
interesting topic, but the time travel in The Terminator actually takes up
relatively little of the overall storyline. Obviously, time travel is what
makes the entire movie possible, but the plot itself focuses on Sarah
Connor
escaping from the brutally relentless terminator.After the terminator and Kyle Reese arrive back in 1984 early in the
movie,
really the only thing that time travel has to do with the story is that we
know what the future will be like if the terminator is not stopped.
Occasionally there are flashes into the future (mostly in Reese's
nightmares), but for the most part the movie takes place in the present
(well, 20 years ago now), where Sarah is fighting against an unkillable
killer while trying to comprehend her role in the bleak future.Arnold Schwarzenegger portrays the terminator with a stolidity and
mechanical determination that only he can provide, setting the stage for
many different things that would become traditional in the next two
movies.
Even the film score remains one of the most memorable film scores in film
history, right up there with Star Wars, Halloween, and Robocop (come on,
you
remember the one from Robocop! It goes like this - Dun dun DUN dun der
NER,
dun dun DUN dun derrrrr, dun dun DUN dun DER NER nerrrrr.Remember now?).The go-motion photography that is used to animate the metallic terminators
renders their motion jerky and unreal, but keep in mind that this is 1984,
before the age of computer animation. Even with the early special effects,
the metal terminators themselves are so menacing and original that they
secure themselves immediately a spot among the most recognizable figures
in
film history.(spoilers)
Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn have a perfect chemistry onscreen, and
it's
interesting to watch their relationship blossom as we gradually realize
that
he's John Connor's father. One of the things that I've always loved about
The Terminator movies are the subtleties that you can catch in the plot if
you watch closely. There are definitely two timelines going on here, one
in
the present and one in the distant future, and you can learn a lot about
them and how they're related by the things that the characters
say.I was particularly impressed with the relationship between Reese and
Sarah,
because even Reese does not know that he is John Connor's father (and it's
a
good thing he is, too, because if it was someone else he could have
seriously jeopardized the future of humankind by having sex with her!).
Time
travel involves a lot of paradoxes, such as in Back to the Future II, when
Marty and Doc go to the year 2015 to save Marty's family from destruction,
but if Marty and Jennifer are taken out of 1985 to go to 2015, they are no
longer in 1985 to grow into the older ones that they find in 2015. This
movie seems to have found a way around that, at least if you don't look
TOO
closely.Reese volunteered for the mission back to 1984 to stop the Terminator from
killing John Connor, not knowing at the time (and Connor also not knowing)
that if he hadn't volunteered Connor would never have been born. Maybe a
coincidence, or maybe this is still fate working for them. Connor was born
BECAUSE Reese volunteered, so maybe it's not coincidence but cause and
effect. At any rate, the necessary facts are there. John Connor never met
his father and doesn't know who he is, and neither does Reese. The only
thing either of them know is that he dies before the war. At this point
you
should remind yourself that not only is this a science fiction movie, but
it's a science fiction movie made in the 80s. This is VERY well
written.Another small detail that I really liked about the movie is that Reese
gives
Sarah a picture of her that John Connor had given him to take back so he'd
recognized her (this is something that NONE of the terminators in all 3
movies (so far) were provided with, by the way), and he tells her that he
studied every line and every detail about the picture, and always wondered
what she was thinking about when the picture was taken. At the end of the
movie, we find out.The movie kind of gets around the Back to the Future II problem in that,
even though Reese is killed in 1984, he can still exist in the future to
be
sent back by John Connor. Unlike Marty McFly, He was born in the future
and
sent back to the past, so his death in the past does not change his
existence in the future. And besides that, we can still have a sequel to
the
movie because Sarah ultimately killing the Terminator sent back to kill
her
does not win the war, it just prevents the total eradication of humans, so
we're basically back to where we started.The other thing that comes to mind here is that, in order for neither John
or Reese to know who John's father is, Sarah has to die before the war.
She
survives in T2, but I have a feeling that Linda Hamilton turning down a
role
in T3 has something to do with he character dying between T2 and T3. But
hey, even that fits perfectly into the story.As we learn in Terminator 2, the machines haven't lost because of the
T-101's failure to kill Sarah Connor in T1, they just need to try
something
else. And as we learn in Terminator 3 (I may be about to spoil part of
that
movie too, so stop reading if you haven't seen it!), it is not the massive
destruction of humanity that they are seeking to stop, because that can't
be
stopped at all. It is, instead, the resistance of humans that must be
preserved to prevent our total extinction.The Terminator series deals a lot with the growing human desire to create
machines to replace ourselves, taking this to the extreme of machines
becoming so widespread that they attempt to destroy the human race and
take
over. I love the way it all comes about, which we don't really learn for
sure until Terminator 3, since that's the only one of them (so far) that
has
been released after computers really exploded and became almost required
in
modern life.One of my favorite things about the Terminator series as a whole is that
it
gets better and better with every movie, taking into account new
inventions
and changes in modern life as it goes along and still managing to make the
story work. With The Terminator, James Cameron has written and directed
one
of the greatest science fiction films of all time, despite the fact that
many of the special effects are pretty badly dated (also look for Bill
Paxton in his best role until Weird Science!). You walk away from a movie
like this looking up at the sky and wondering. That's unheard of.Science Fiction doesn't get much better than this. 
			

Don't get me wrong, I like T2, but it concentrates on more violence than the
actually reason Terminator resurrected in the first place. The original
Terminator had innovated special effects, a creepy story and a villain that
will haunt most people for decades. This film is about a man name Resse that
is sent back through time to save a woman named sarah conner after an
assassin has killed many others because of the confusion name. The scenes
are high explosive, especially the grand finale.The Terminator rocks all the way.
			
I have always loved this film, for well over half my life. I was about
6 when I first saw it, 12 years ago. T2 had always been my favourite
film but recently, The Terminator has eclipsed T2 to become my
favourite movie of all time. There is so much more to this film than
its sequel. T2 is simple action whereas this film is an action,
romance, horror and suspense thriller all rolled in to one.The Terminator's story is very strong and eclipses every Sci-Fi film
there is. The idea of time travel has always fascinated me and, whilst
this film does not explore as much as Back to the Future does, the
intricate description of Reese going back through time and the bleak
setting of the future world is highly imaginative. Cameron does really
well at capturing the audience's attention and imagination and shows
how talented a director and writer he is. The love story between Kyle
Reese (Michael Biehn) and Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) is beautiful.
The idea of a man travelling back in time to protect the woman he loves
is so wonderful and sentimental. As well as having a good story, this
film is highly entertaining. The TechNoir bar scene, the car chase and
the police station scene are especially good and are absolutely
stunning to watch.The acting in this film is brilliant. Arnie was not at all developed
when it came to acting which made him much less human which is very
effective when playing a cyborg. Schwarzenegger is not in this film to
deliver lines with any power, but is in more as a physical force and
someone who appears unstoppable. Kyle Reese is, for me, the best hero
ever and he is played by my favourite actor. His intense vulnerability
makes him very interesting and the way he is so prepared to sacrifice
himself for the mission objective, the love of his life. Biehn is so
good in this role as he plays protector very well but does perfectly at
playing someone 'lost in time'. Biehn's performance in this film is
sadly underrated but for me, it is completely unforgettable. Linda
Hamilton is brilliant in this film and her character's gradual
transformation, which is completed in Terminator 2, is very convincing.
Her ability at appearing terrified is equally convincing. There is also
good support from Lance Henriksen and Paul Winfield as the policemen
investigating the case. They do well to give the film a touch of humour
and their contrasting personalities makes an effective pairing.The fact that this film was made on a small budget also impresses me,
especially as the special effects don't work out too badly, except for
the stop motion scene where the endoskeleton is chasing Kyle and Sarah.
Stan Winston is a special effects genius and it is incredible to look
at all the films he has worked on. His wizardry at transforming James
Cameron's artwork to solid matter is very impressive to say the least.Also good is Brad Fiedel's score. Whilst it is simplistic and
completely on a synthesizer, it matches the mood of the film perfectly,
and is very effective at getting an adrenaline rush. Also, the
Terminator theme is a classic tune that will live on in eternity just
like the Jaws theme. Tahnee Cain and the Tryanglz make up the bulk of
the small amount of songs The Terminator has to offer and like the
score, their songs reflect the atmosphere of the film.An intensely stylish film that benefits very well from being shot
mainly at night to give a real dark atmosphere, Terminator rose above a
moderate budget to become an all time classic. The Terminator did a
fantastic job at bringing credibility back to the Sci-Fi genre and
simultaneously show the importance of a human theme. Almost everyone
has seen this film, if you haven't, you really must! James Cameron at
his very best.
			

If you're seriously looking for one of the biggest and the most fascinating
and thrilling action classics in the history of cinema as we know it, this
is it. Back in 1984 no-one had probably any idea whatsoever how
extravagantly huge phenomenon Jimmy Cameron's "The Terminator" would become
and back then who would have guessed that "only" 19 years later someone
would actually make it a trilogy?I can clearly remember the very first time I saw "The Terminator". I was
just a tiny little kid and practically losing sleep because of this
horrifying experience. I mean this movie was creepier than hell and even
more. Nowadays everything with Arnold looks comical but back then it was all
different. I still love this movie, though. Very, very much indeed. As a
matter of fact I still feel "The Terminator" is one of the greatest movies
of 1980s.Of course every single special effect is humorously dated from today's
advanced point of view. Those dark and gloomy war scenes of the near future
for example really aren't as believable as they're obviously meant to be.
And when the terminator is repairing its damaged eye in front of a
mirror...that's not even Arnold now is it? To me it looks like a cheap
Schwarzenegger dummy. But hey, that's what time does to every
film.I've never actually decided which one is the greatest movie of
Schwarzenegger's career, this or the phenomenal sequel. Sometimes I think
this is definitely better and sometimes I feel "Terminator 2: Judgment day"
easily surpasses the original. I guess this really isn't the type of a
question you want to spend the rest of your life debating.The truth is that the terminator is Arnold Schwarzenegger's ultimate role of
a lifetime. It's undisputedly his best performance and the one we firstly
remember him from after he's gone. Who would be a better choice to play the
part of the terminator? Robert De Niro? Some other so-called real actor
perhaps? Never. Terminator is a cyborg, a machine that moves rather stiffly
and doesn't even speak proper English. That's Arnold for ya! He doesn't even
have to act.The main reason why I once in a while feel that this is better than the
sequel is the refreshing fact that this is the only time Arnold
Schwarzenegger is completely and utterly evil. Evil with a capital "E". Of
course our muscular hero put dozens of folks out of their misery after this
film in various different action classics but like he so cleverly states it
in "True Lies": they were all bad.In here Schwarzenegger is the bad one. Period. "The Terminator" introduces
Arnold, wearing punk outfit or black leather jacket and sunglasses and armed
to the teeth, wasting totally innocent people with machine guns. Not really
the amiable family man he's been later on playing rather intensively. It's
impossible to grow tired of this film. Every action movie freak should watch
"The Terminator" at least once a year until the day they die. One of the
most effective action movies ever. 10/10
			

This little gem should be seen by every living thing in the planet. The
story, and the characters are the best there are, and only a director like
James Cameron can make a film like this.  Even if you think you know what
the story is, and how it ends see it anyway. I dought anyone of you
will be the least bit dissapointed.  Even if you don't like action films
you'll definetly adore this little accomplishment of Cameron. And don't
miss
out on its equally good sequel, T2 neither.PROS: Story, Screenplay(read some of it), acting, the whole damn thing
really.CONS: The music at the begginning, but don't let it's ultra crappness turn
you off.I'll give it a 9.7/10. Like I said the music at the beggining is a bit
annoying, so it is what strays it from being perfect
			

Like other great action films, this is a very fast paced and thrilling ride
that barely let's you catch your breath; but unlike most other great action
films, the acting is very good, and the writing is phenomenal, giving us
incredible dialogue, among other things. T2 is very good, but when I watch
The Terminator, and I find myself wanting to memorize five or six lines or
even write a book about humanoid machines or time travel, I realize that
this one is much more exciting and impressive. Besides, that kid in T2
really annoys me.Linda Hamilton and Arnold Schwarzenegger do a good job, but Michael Biehn is
the one who does not get enough credit for this movie. However, he was lucky
enough to get the best lines by far. "That Terminator is out there. It can't
be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or
remorse, or fear; and it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are
dead!" That line would be good if only said well, but when Biehn says it, it
might be my favorite line of all time; and there are several other great
lines in The Terminator.I can't think of one general thing that is bad about this movie. Aside from
the afore mentioned dialogue, action, and acting(which includes the actors
with smaller parts like Paul Winfield, Lance Henriksen, Earl Boen and Bill
Paxton), the plot is brilliant, the music is great, and even the performance
and handling of the dogs was impressive!I used to think that Empire Strikes Back was my favorite movie, but since
recently watching The Terminator, after not having seen it in years, I'm
pretty sure this is my favorite film of all time.Jeremy Barger
http://clubs.yahoo.com/clubs/firegodsmovieclub
			
A legendary title simply repeat, legendary . Terminator is and will
always be one of my favorite movies of all time.The story is just great and heartbreaking . That apocalyptic world
devastated and dominated and destroyed by the machines even today
continues scaring great time.That impossible to escape from the main characters of that brutal and
merciless machine , played by a monstrous, absolutely brilliant
Schwarzenegger keeps you glued to the screen in a total state of
tension.This is because as Kyle Reese says the Terminator can not talk, is a
killing machine , no pain , no fear, no remorse, will never end .
spoiler In my memory it has been forever etched scenes assault the
Terminator to the police station , where fatal effectiveness brushing
each and every one of the cops , as Kyle says , do not preclude a
machine made to exterminate crosses who in their way.This, my friends, is a classic, a great movie , A TEACHER ! WORK !Are you still reading ? Are you waiting for ? Wear it but now!!
			
The Legend of Sarah Connor is told in the movie "The Terminator", which
was written by the author and director James Cameron (one of the most
famous and brilliant directors in Hollywood) together with the producer
Gale Anne Hurd. This movie was released in 1984, in the United States
of America. It is a movie that contains scenes of action, adventure,
fiction and much tension with a length of 107 minutes. The main actors
of the cast are: Arnold Schwarzenegger (The Terminator), Linda Hamilton
(Sarah Connor) and Michael Biehn (Kyle Reese). The legend has as plot the story of Sarah Connor as the leader of the
human resistance to combat the killing machine ("The Terminator"),
which is sent from the future to kill her, and she has as protector
Kyle Reese, also sent from the future to protect her from the
Terminator. Actress Linda Hamilton has done an extraordinary job in the movie, when
she expressed with excellence the feelings of courage, determination
and leadership of the legendary Sarah Connor. The Facial and body
expressions of Linda Hamilton were appropriate to the moments of
tension, action and suspense, when in confrontation with the killing
machine. The performance of this actress was magnificent. Arnold Schwarzenegger was the ideal actor to perform the killing
machine because of your physical characteristics (strong, high and
muscular), of the violent and ungoverned movements made in scenes that
were faster, typical movements of a machine, and also of your coldness
and indifference in relation to humanity. Michael Biehn had a good performance too, because he convinces the
spectator of his protective function in relation to Sarah Connor.It's an excellent movie because it mixes action, adventure, tension,
fiction and suspense along with sound and visual effects (explosion,
fight, fire), atmospheric effects of light and darkness, and a logical
sequence from one scene to the next, during all the story. Besides, the
movie "The Terminator" has a similar plot to other movies such as
"Aliens", "Titanic", "The Abyss" among others.
			
A big, bad-ass cyborg (Arnold Schwarzenegger) travels back in time to
try and kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton), mother of the man who
willin forty years timelead the human race to victory in a war
against computers. Only one man, Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn), a soldier
from the future, can help her her to stay alive...The Terminator, the film that rocketed James Cameron to A-list director
status, and gave Arnie his most iconic role (the one which saw him coin
his catchphrase "I'll be back"), is such an accomplished piece of
action/sci-fi in almost every department that, even after 25 years and
many, many viewings later, it never fails to impress me.A top notch cast (which also includes Cameron regulars Lance Henriksen
and Bill Paxton), excellent Stan Winston effects, and a terrific score
by Brad Fiedel, combined with Cameron's flawless handling of his
material and Schwarzenegger's suitably mechanical performance, all adds
up to one of the finest movies ever made. Whereas many time-travel
tales invite the viewer to search for paradoxes, I find that this film
moves at such a cracking pace and delivers all the adrenaline-pumping
action I'm after, that I never stop to worry about such trifling
matters.
			
A masterful science-fiction thriller and action directed by great
novice James Cameron (formerly directed only "Piranha 2") and starring
the great Arnold Schwarzenegger in what was possibly the role of his
life, it is simply magnificent as the Killing machine whose name gives
title to the film. There are also great Mike Biehn (regular in
Cameron's films), Linda Hamilton (this was his 6th film), Lance
Henriksen ("Aliens"' robot Bishop) and Paul Winfield (the judge in
"Presumed Innocent").An unknown Bill Paxton plays a small role as the Punk leader who dies
at the hands of the T-800. This was his first collaboration with Jim
Cameron, later he would make 4 more films with him.Also noteworthy are the special effects of Stan Winston and Gene Warren
of Fantasy II, especially the endoskeleton (the Terminator without
skin). The movie would have lost a lot if it had not shown the
endoskeleton, it was the final surprise that Cameron had prepared.It was obvious that the Terminator had to be shown without the living
tissue, since the great majority of the public was very curious and
hoped to see what was inside Schwarzenegger, especially when one sees
the "operation" of the eye and arm, the public I knew Arnold had
"something" and wanted to see it.Also noteworthy are the excellent soundtrack of Brad Friedel, as well
as some eighties songs from TryangleZ ("Photoplay" or "Burnin' in the
Third Degree") or Lin Van Hek ("Intimacy").The movie is very, very entertaining from beginning to end, an
undisputed masterpiece of science fiction that must be seen (if not
100, 100,000 times) before dying.It followed an excellent continuation (T2: judgment day) with a less
convincing Terminator, but with some incredible special effects and the
ridiculous Terminator 3: rise of the machines, with an aging
Schwarzenegger.Terminator is UNIQUE.I thank God that I am alive so I can see this movie again. I can not
get enough of seeing her, it's impossible.A DESERVED 10.
			
The Terminator is a great movie according to me. The tension build up
for the scenes are executed extremely well. The movie hints with
similar but subtle choices of scene blocking, and soundtrack at
different parts of the movie to create a form of dramatic tension.The story is interesting and the symbolism that lies under it. The
symbolism can be found both in visual gags and in the story concept.
Example: Bill Paxton's character has a tire track mark as a tattoo on
his face. This mirrors the scene from the future war were a Machine
Tank drives over a stack of human skulls. And what happens? Bill's
character gets figuratively driven over by the machines. (He gets
killed by The Terminator).The visual effects works for all but maybe one scene. The close up of
The Terminator's face just before he puts on his famous sunglasses (to
hide his now visible robot eye), looks kind of too dummy looking. The
rest of the effects works great. The context helps some of the effects.
Like that the Terminator skeleton's walking style is a bit weird. They
added a concept of which that the Terminator was damaged in the foot.
Which in universe makes the weird walking style more appealing. The movie follows the Chekhov's gun principle in many ways. There is
nothing wrong with filler details though. This movie is good at
planting such Chekhov objects. Some require multiple viewings to
notice.Things the movie did right: The plot, both overall and subplots. The
love story. The soundtrack. The technique used for tension building.
The less is more editing. Multiple minor gags that I find entertaining.
Hidden symbolism.Things the movie could have done better: The close up of the dummy
Terminator face could have been shot differently for more belief. They
should have kept the deleted scene at the end. 10/10
			
This is the film that propelled James Cameron as a director and Arnold
Schwarzenegger as an action star.What's more impressive is the amazing SFX - simply outstanding! Add to
it an excellent screenplay/writing, James Cameron's directing and
proper editing and you have a visual masterpiece sci-fi!This is one of those films that will keep you terrified long after
you've seen it. I've lost track how many times I have actually seen it,
but every time I've finished, I know I'll want to see it again, so I
always say "I'll be back" :pA perfect 10/10 from me!
			
Does anyone know what the police means by "rabitting" when he spots
Kyle Rees stealing pants off a bum? I googled it but found nothing tut
resembles anything that looks in context with the scene from the movieEmail me if you know please !! johnharries11@gmail.comThanks!!
			
STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning
** Sunday Night * Monday Morning In the year 2029, mankind is in a desperate battle with The Machines,
that have risen from the ashes of the last war. Through a time
travelling portal, exceptional soldier Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) has
travelled back in time to the year 1984, to protect Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton), who will be the mother of John Connor, the leader of the
Resistance. But Skynet, the computer defence system that set the
machines on the world, has sent its own agent along, in the shape of
The Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger), a robotic soldier fitted with
human flesh that is programmed to complete its mission at all costs.Re-released (in selected theatres) earlier this year to coincide with
the release of the far inferior, effects driven Terminator: Genysis,
fans of the franchise were taken back to where it all began, the
rollicking roller-coaster ride, with breath taking special effects (for
the time), pulse pounding action sequences and a far fetched, but
conversely intelligent and elaborate story that no doubt played a big
part in making it stand the test of time. In 1984, The Terminator was
simply unlike anything anyone had ever seen before, and today could
serve as an abject lesson to the effects-over-substance brigade.For anyone who never got in to the Conan films, this was the film that
presented Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former Mr. Universe champion
turned actor, to the world. While not exactly oozing with what you'd
call traditional acting talent, here his expressionless demeanour and
cold, thick Austrian voice suited the skin of a cold blooded killer
perfectly. He's no psychopath, though. He knows exactly what he's
doing. Or, rather, what he's been programmed to do. And either him or
his prey will have to be dead by the end for it to end. Sarah Connor's
slow, dawning realization that her life is in danger is brilliantly
orchestrated, after two women with the same name and the same age have
already been dispatched and she becomes suspicious of everyone around
her.It all builds to an explosive (literally) finale, where the killing
machine is stripped to its bare bones and pursues his already worn down
assailants inside a factory. Although its one of many effects that look
a bit sub par now, somehow the tension and terror is no less palpable.
And Arnie's "I'll be back" line is still somehow cool and as welcome in
pop culture circles as ever. *****
			
I know it by heart, but haven't seen it in ages.Brilliant. Just brilliant film. James Cameron is a genius - was and
still is one of the best filmmakers of our time. While some of the
effects dated a bit (the terminator face surgery always seemed fake to
me, even when watching it as a kid, but I still liked it then and like
it now) and are more obvious when watching the movie in HD instead of a
VHS (most notably the rear projection effects), this movie remains an
achievement for its time and budget and still holds to this day the
same effect it had 30 years ago.Fantastic combination of vision, effects, writing, direction,
cinematography, score and production. Good acting by the entire cast.I'm curious as for why Cameron chose to reveal the "terminator view"
when he did and didn't save it up for a bit later. It's hard for me to
judge, having watched this movie so many times, but wouldn't it have
been better not to show it at that scene and let the audience wonder
whether Kyle is really telling the truth or just making up stuff?
			
Over the years, James Cameron has made quite a name for himself.
Especially in terms of "sci-fi" and "action/ adventure" movies. But
long before TITANIC, AVATAR, and ALIENS, he came up with this original
idea. In the not-too-distant future (now anyway), a nuclear war has
taken place between the world superpowers. In the wake of the fallout,
homicidal machines have risen up; attempting to exterminate the human
race. In a desperate effort, the machines have built a time machine and
sent a nearly-indestructible cyborg assassin, The Terminator (played
icily by Arnold Schwarzenegger), back to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor
(Linda Hamilton), who will one day give birth to the leader of the
human resistance. To protect her, Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) a future
soldier is sent back through time as well. Combining the best parts of
horror, sci-fi, action, and crime drama, James Cameron keeps the movie
going at a blistering pace without sacrificing the compelling (and
necessary) human story. In many ways, this film was (and still is) a
classic from the 80's. Now with TERMINATOR GENISYS due out in the
theaters this summer, maybe it's time you go back in time and see how
the series all began!
			
What I think is most impressive about T1 is how much Cameron achieved
with a relatively low budget of $6.4 Million. The music is awesome, the
shots are beautiful and, although it doesn't hold up as well as T2, it
is still a landmark of sci-fi/action cinema that any movie buff needs
to see at least once. Many people may think its kind of slow and the
low budget shows, but that does not take away the fact that the
Terminator is an insanely well directed, masterpiece of cinema with a
story so original it is hard to imagine anyone will imagine anything as
breathtaking as the wasteland shown in the Terminator Series. I stand
by saying T2 is the best in the series, but it is definitely a close
one.
			

"The Terminator" has been the best Arnold Schwarzenegger movie I have ever
seen! My favorite part is when the Terminator was saying "I'll Be Back!" I
also like the part when he was grabbing those punks' clothes to wear them
and the cool part is when he got some guns at the gun store. This movie is a
must-see for any Arnold Schwarzenegger fans. The Terminator is an excellent
movie overall and has been one of the best excuses of the
film.
**** out of **** stars. 10/10 stars.
			

Answer: Because The Terminator is one of the best science-fiction movies
ever made.  That's why.The story is familiar to countless fans, so I won't go too deep into it.
In
the not-to-distant future, a war is being fought between humans and killer
machines.  The machines are on the verge of losing the war.  So they
desperately send a killer cyborg called a T-800 or a Terminator(Arnold
Schwarzenegger) back in time to 1984 to kill a woman named Sarah
Connor(Linda Hamilton) who is destined to give birth to the leader of the
human resistance, John Connor.  The humans however, send a brave soldier
back in time to intercept the Terminator.  His name is Kyle Reese(Michael
Biehn).  Now only one question is left.  Who will reach Sarah first: Reese
or the Terminator?This has to be one of the greatest sci-fi films to come out during the
1980's.  It is also director James Cameron's second best film behind
Aliens.This movie has so many good action scenes, my favorite being the police
massacre scene because it shows just how cold and relentless the
Terminator
is in pursuit of something it wants.This is definitely Arnold Schwarzenegger's best role yet.  He has yet been
able to top it off.  His performance in T2 was alright but it wasn't
typical
Schwarzenegger.  Michael Biehn probably gives his best performance here
also.  His role in Aliens was pretty awesome, too.  He did take a turn in
The Abyss by playing a bad guy.  Linda Hamilton, an extremely underused
actress plays probably her most convincing role of her career.  Her
performance in T2 was great, but it's sad that she won't be appearing in
the
T3.One final note about the Special Edition DVD.  The many special features
it
has like the "Terminated" scenes and stuff is cool, but the sound quality
of
the remastered version is poor.  The reason why I probably hate the
remastered version so much is probably because I'm used to watching an old
unmastered version of the movie that my dad taped off of Cinemax or HBO or
something like that.The Terminator gets a 10/10.  
			

    Terminator is a good movie primarily because Arnold Schwartznegger
(sp?)is the most evil, relentless villain in the history of film.  He is a
killing machine disguised as a human being and his lack of any feeling, any
remorse, any spark of humanity is chilling indeed. It has a pretty clever
story line too.  As action movies go, Terminator is near the top of the
list.        
			

I think that this was the greatest movie ever made, it had plots that
weren't old and stupid, michael biehn has been my favorite actress since I
was little and this is actually the first movie I have ever seen, it came
out a year before I was born and my dad would always rent it and I still
remember it!! I love it!!! Does anyone know if they are coming out with a
third one???
			

I absolutely love this movie.  Although I haven't seen it in many years, I
still remember when me and my friends would go to school, tired because we
had stayed up all night watching The Terminator.  Then we'd talk about it
and everyone loved the movie, especially the idea of the action sequences
and the action itself.  This movie isn't for people who like serious movies,
which are more acting and drama than action.  The Terminator should be seen
by young people, who enjoy action.  
			

I think the title says it all. I think this is one of the best films ever
made. Its certainly Arnies best movie.  The plot has several loopholes in
it, but if you ignore them and just watch the film then you will enjoy it.
The best scene in it must be when Arnie destroys the police station looking
for Sarah.  The thing that I prefer about this one instead of T2 is that
the
chances were more on the evil side in this one. In this one the good guy is
a human were as the "baddie" is a robot, but in T2 both sides are machines,
although one is more advanced. You must see this film.
			

Excellent, excellent film. The effects are dated, Michael Biehn is over done
but all of it plays so well. The lovely Linda Hamilton and Arnold
Schwarzenegger are flawlessly cast. The suspense is still there and THE
TERMINATOR boasts some of the best action scenes in film history. THE
TERMINATOR is a must.Los Angeles, 1984. Two beings from the future, one a killing cyborg, the
other a skilled fighting human, come to the present seeking the same woman,
Sarah Connor. She holds the key to the future in her son, who was not even a
thought to her mind before the cyborg starts killing every Sarah Connor in
the phone book.What sells THE TERMINATOR as a science fiction classic is the outlook of the
future. Way before computers became the next luxury, there was already a
vision that we would rely on them too much and THE TERMINATOR does a simple
but excellent job in giving a glimpse of a not too happy result in it. Best
moment was the T-800 in the police station. The music is excellent, the
direction is sharp, and everyone is in top form. THE TERMINATOR is perfect
science fiction.
			

Hard to find anything to criticize with this one.  Both the plot and the
characters are self-consistent throughout the film.  A great role for
Arnold, too, where his speech struggles actually enhance his character's
believability.

			

The Terminator is my favourite movie of all time, it has everything I look
for in a film, action, love, an excellent music score, an excellent cast,
including my favourite actor Michael Biehn. I love everything about this
film, in it's day, nothing had ever been seen like it, and is still highly
entertaining today. When thinking about the films relatively modest budget,
what was achieved was amazing. Although the model of Schwarzenegger is not
as impressive as the one used in the sequel, it can be tolerated and is an
extremely small flaw in a fantastic film. The car chases, gun-battles and
explosions are nicely interluded by an intriguing plot and a love story. The
Terminator is so much more than just an action films, it explores many
issues and successfully brings them all to our screens.      The best character is Kyle Reese, portrayed by Michael Biehn, in the
role that launched his career. Reese is the best hero character of any, and
Biehn is highly entertaining in every scene he appears in. It is isn't every
day that a viewer will have a film character to be his idol, but Reese is
simply cool and the kind of guy every teenager wishes they could grow up to
be.
      The humor in the film comes from the police characters of Traxler and
Vukovich, portrayed admirably by Paul Winfield and Lance Henriksen. They are
a perfect combination in the film and every scene they appear in is
enjoyable. They're deleted scenes on the new DVD are a must. Henriksen was a
Cameron regular, appearing in Piranha II, and later in ALIENS, along with
Michael Biehn as well. The brilliant Bill Paxton also makes a cameo here and
he would go on to be Cameron's most used actor to date.
      The Terminator has it all and is, in my opinion, one of the greatest
movies ever made.
			

From the first frame to the final frame, this film takes you for the ride of
a lifetime.  Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn, and of course Arnold
Schwarzenegger put themselves on the map with this instant classic as well
as the nearly perfect direction of James Cameron.  Part 2 may have more
modern special effects but nothing can touch the original.
			

It's hard to believe it has been almost 16 years since this film came out,
but it still looks good and still plays just as good today as it did in
1984. It has a very dark atmosphere and a moody score to compliment it. It
has one of the most amazing climaxes in cinematic history. One of the best
sci-fi movies ever, one of the best action movies ever. "Terminator 2" is
still a much better film though.
			

Well, my generation at least. Terminator is referenced in so many films it
becomes impossible to list, it can be held responsible for a deluge of
'robot from the future' films, and yet its memory remains untarnished. Why?
Because this is where it all began (yes I know there were similar films
before Terminator, but how many can *you* name? And how many were this
influential?) As well as launching the careers of most of the actors, it
catapulted James Cameron into the limelight. The plot, which seems so simple
(robot from the future comes to kill someone) is incredibly complex,
depending on how far you wish to analyze it. There is so much material in
the Terminator world that even the sequel barely scratched the surface, and
although it is only hinted at in this, the background history (future?)
gives the story unparalleled depth. I can't think of another film that has
ever had me thinking about the possibilities for so long (and then you start
thinking about temporal paradoxes and go insane...) or that has captivated
me so completely. The Terminator is the only film that I could even think of
describing as flawless, and it still remains my fervent wish to see it on
the big screen (sadly I was 4 when it was released)
So in case I'm being too subtle for you, I absolutely love this
film.
			

The idea behind the story of this movie is pure genius.  Machines of the
future become self aware and attempt to exterminate all humans.  It sounds
like the plot of some corny, low budget sci-fi flick that is a dime a
dozen,
however this movie is so realistic and believable that it gives you
chills.Arnold is absolutely perfect for the role of the terminator.  He is huge
and
his Austrian accent sounds unnatural and makes it easy to imagine him
really
being a machine.I could go on and on about this movie.  It is one of my favorite movies of
all time if not my favorite.  It is truly incredible. A masterpiece.

			

This marked as Arnolds and Camerons rise to stardom and was also a
landmark in action and sci-fi films. Although the Terminator had a small
budget, its still visually perfect and captivating. As for the acting,
Arnold does what he does best and he does it well (hes very convincing as
a
cyborg) although many would claim its not acting...  But the best thing
about this film is its relentlessness; its totally merciless and
humourless as it drives towards one of the best end-fights ever made. Music
serves an important part in convincing the viewer of the sheer unstoppable
evil of the Terminator who never rests.
A total masterpiece which endures repeat viewings from year to year!

			

I am a big fan of James Cameron.  Aliens was probably the scariest Sci-Fi
movie ever made.  The Abyss was one of the most amazing films I have ever
seen.  Terminator 2 was a fantastic blend of special effects and action. 
The original Terminator is a B movie that really shows its
age.Everything about the movie screams, "I CAME FROM THE '80'S!"  The characters
are all generic '80's characters, the dialogue uses language popular in the
'80's, even the future seems '80's with the remarkably bad techno/MIDI
music.The plot is basically a copy of Halloween, which a lot of '80's movies were:
Indestructible thing attacking female lead.  It keeps on dying and coming
back to life, just like in Halloween.  I should mention that Halloween also
doesn't show its age and is a much better movie.I guess everyone likes it for the effects, which were pretty cool, but not
enough to recommend the movie.See the sequel.I gave this a 4 out of 10.
			

I believe this to be James Cameron's master work.  (No, Titanic is not it,
folks!) I was simply floored by the STORY! For a movie known by many for
violent action sequences, cyborgs, and Arnold's "I'll be back" line, I'm
sure many people who prejudge this as mindless drivel will sing a different
tune if they choose to see it.  This is one of the most powerful, poignant,
heart-wrenching love stories on film.  It was masterfully acted (Michael
Biehn, especially, gives a stand-out performance) and executed by all.  This
film truly is an experience, and one that left me captivated with all things
Cameron.  
			
The term 'pulp sci-fi' might have well been invented for The
Terminator. Originally, it was a little-known sci-fi action film with
equally little-known stars. However, it just happened to strike a chord
with audiences and catapulted Arnold Schwarzenegger to super-stardom
and writer/director James Cameron to become one of the most powerful
men behind the camera in Hollywood.It's easy to say that The Terminator would be best enjoyed by men and
those who are well into their science fiction. However, perhaps one of
The Terminator's major plus points, is that it seems to appeal to
almost everyone who likes a decent film. Maybe it's to do with it
having a well-acted leading lady who the female audience can identify
with, but there are few people out there who haven't seen this film.In case you don't know... an indestructible cyborg is sent back through
time from a world where machines have all but wiped out humanity. His
mission is to kill the mother of the only man who will oppose the
machines' rule in the future, Sarah Connor. Now, ordinarily, she
probably wouldn't stand a chance against such a killer, but, luckily
for her (and humanity) the humans of the future have sent back their
best soldier, Kyle Reese, to protect her. And so ensure a cat and mouse
game of chase where the two humans are constantly on the run from the
relentless killer robot.Like I say... it would be easy to just say watch this if you like dark
sci-fi/action. However, if you like film and generally good films, this
one's only just over an hour and a half and you only have to read the
other reviews to see that I'm not the only one who regards it as a
classic.It's possibly the perfect action movie for adults and - amazingly - it
possesses one other (almost) unique trait in the film industry - it has
a sequel which (most people believe) surpasses it. If you like The
Terminator (and most do) then you should check out its sequel,
imaginatively titled Terminator 2. Bother are classics. Part 3 and 4
maybe go a little downhill, but, trust me, 1 and 2 have to be seen.http://thewrongtreemoviereviews.blogspot.co.uk/
			
Possibly James Cameron's best film (only T2 comes close!), and also
responsible for launching the A list career of Arnold
Schwarzenegger....as a pure action film this is simply perfection!Superbly paced, lean and mean, relying on a terse script and superbly
edited action scenes to up the tension as opposed to special effects-
though effective, due to the budget they were very sparingly used (when
was the last time you could say THAT about a Jim Cameron movie??).
Also, for the first and last time we get to see Arnie playing bad-
REALLY bad!- and although I love the humour of his "good" terminator in
number 2, and even 3....there's something uniquely chilling about him
as the villain.It's hard to believe this film is nearly 30 years old- it knocks 95% of
modern action films out of the park (someone tell me with a straight
face they prefer The Expendables lol), and aside from the occasional
inevitable dodgy special effect- the eye scene springs to mind- it has
aged amazingly well. Simply brilliant!
			
In the future, the world has been taken over by SkyNet, a computer
program that became sentient and launched a global nuclear holocaust.
However a single man John Conner leads a human resistance that is on
the verge of destroying SkyNet. SkyNet sends a Terminator (Arnold
Schwarzenegger) back in time to the present day to kill the mother of
John Conner. The resistance sends a soldier Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn)
to defend against the machine and save Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton).This is director James Cameron's first baby, and he hit it out of the
park. It is perfection that started the franchise. First the story is
perfectly constructed. All those hours of writing and rewriting really
streamline the story. Second the choice of Schwarzenegger is inspired.
He makes for the perfect machine. Third the intensity doesn't relent.
It has the power of a much bigger film.
			
James Cameron (writer - director) at the time was known only by the
awful trash movie "Piranha II". Hollywood not even knew his name (today
when confirms a movie it already causes controversy, like start doing
years later Tarantino) and when "Terminator" was announced none company
was very interested in producing it. And when it came out it was not
only a box office success but also became critically acclaimed and till
today still considered an ultimate classic film."The Terminator" was revolutionary for the time it came out, not only
because it was made with a low budget and was extremely successful, but
many at the time (and even today) consider the film only as a good
action movie, but Cameron gave very more than that, the story of the
film is something that had never been seen before.Everything begins with two successive murders that occurred in Los
Angeles, both murders cause controversy and polemic because both
victims had the same name, "Sarah Connor". The news reaches the ears of
a third Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton), a beautiful and friendly
waitress who begins to feel persecuted. After contacting the police
from a nightclub, the Lieutenant Ed Traxler (Paul Winfield) asks Sarah
to wait for a police car to go pick her up. While waiting, Sarah is
surprised by a huge man (Arnold Schwarzenegger) who point a gun at her,
but is surprised by a shot from Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn), who save
Sarah's life (at least for a while). Sarah now finds herself in a
frenetic chase for her life, but her mysterious savior has more secrets
about Sarah that she can imagine and about the mysterious killer who
proves to be a real killing machine called "Terminator 101".Nowadays this story (or derivatives of it) is used and reused becoming
boring and clich, but it was Cameron who started it all. The film is
shown from the beginning as "a day like any other", by which I mean
that Cameron delivers to the film a realistic narrative to their
characters since swears; stupid teens just enjoying life; everyday
language with playful insults; and also pop-cultural references since
the shooting at the nightclub and to Sarah's friend, Ginger Ventura
(Bess Motta) that never stop listen to music. Yeah, the film feels very
realistic, but not only this that was revolutionary in Cameron film,
but also delivers and evolves elements of sci  fi: time travel that
had only been seen in "Back to the Future " with a good mood and fun
style, here it is with a somber and violent tone; an apocalyptic world
that was only seen in "Planet of the apes", also through humorous and
philosophical tone, here with a scary tone.The film proceeds with a great narrative, but in management and
technical aspects the film was shown really ahead of its time. Since
the direction of the Cameron with terrific action scenes, also giving a
frenetic and thrilling pace when the movie's chase becomes more violent
and frightening. And also has an excellent visual direction from
Cameron in flashbacks (or flash-ahead because we are talking about the
future) in the apocalyptic future with machines reigning over us, all
done with a model that served as help to Cameron later in "Titanic".A classic that will live forever in the history of cinema, thanks to a
revolutionary and unique history, a fantastic direction, exceptional
performance by Schwarzenegger putting him on the map, "The Terminator"
revolutionized the action genre and sci-fi mixing both in this
unforgettable masterpiece (yeah, James Cameron's masterpiece)! 10/10
			
The Terminator is easily one of the very best films ever made, in any
genre. If i was to spend the rest of my life on a deserted island but
could take 10 movies with me, quite probably this one would be on my
list. Again, i'm not talking genre here; It's definitely one of the
best SciFi/Action movies ever made, but it is also one of the best
movies of all kinds ever made.But let's stay with the action side of it for a while though: The
action in this flick is simply awesome. Mostly done without special
effects and surely without CGI, The Terminator defines cinematic
action. This is what celluloid and cameras were invented for. This is
the stuff aspiring filmmakers study in order to learn the craft of
filming action. There are of course films with more action, but the
quality of it is paramount here. Everything feels true, not a false
moment, no laughable exagerrations. Camera angles, editing rhythm,
performances. All elements are perfect and make the action reach you.
This is how it should be done, and the reason why you're at the edge of
your seat though you have seen much "phatter", "cooler", "crasser"
action in the decades since 1984.Let's have a look at the special effects now. I think the animatronics
head shots are still absolutely valid today. The use of stop motion is
totally visible, but those shots are not bad enough to catapult you out
of the suspense. The model work is quite good most of the time, only
some moments are a bit ludicrous. All in all, the effects are very
watchable even in 2013 and far from being so bad that they would
seriously impact the overall appeal of the film.The music is awesome. I always hate it when a score dictates too much,
when it is too classical for a movie, when it is too in-your-face, when
it drowns action and emotion in too many notes, melodies, sounds. Here,
the score is unnoticeable most of the time, which is always a good
thing. Droning eerily in the background, it lets your senses focus on
the carnage on the screen and the terror in your mind but also pushes
the pace forward with its thumping industrial beats. Then there is the
main theme; not much more than a single, brilliant melody, but powerful
enough to transcend themes of love, pain, premonition. And when it
finally echoes in the love scene, you understand in a split second that
this is actually Sarah's theme and the whole movie is actually tinted
with her emotions. In the factory scene, the music drastically changes
into a horrifying medley of dissonant screeches, making the shift into
the third Act just as audible as scraping away the Terminators living
tissue and showing us the metal chassis underneath is making it
visible.There is not a single bad or even mediocre performance in this movie.
All the actors are great, and i think Arnold does a hell of a job. Many
people say he can't act but that he didn't need to here because he's
playing a machine, so that it was alright. I think that's bullshit.
Show me someone acting a machine and i show you someone looking real
silly. *It's not that simple!* Arnold always knows what he does. He's a
physical, agile actor, and perfect for the role, he makes you believe
that this is a programmed killing machine, he makes the whole thing
work. Biehn and Hamilton are at the top of their game and have a
phenomenal chemistry. All the supporting actors do what they have to do
perfectly.One reviewer commented that "the script is one that other screenwriters
wished to have thought of first". Another added that it is one of those
scripts that is being teached in screen writing seminars; both is true.
Cameron and Hurd delivered their masterpiece here. The story is strong,
original and meaningful. There are no weak moments, no plot holes. The
motivations are strong and genuine, and all the main characters arch.
The finale leaves us with a very confident resolution, strong emotions
of both the positive and negative variety and is very, very satisfying.
In fact, the more you look at the story, the better it becomes.Many people have criticized the time travel plot hole/paradox. But i
think it all makes perfect sense: Reese is in his thirties, so he's
born sometime between 1984 and 2029. He exists for one day in the year
1984, and for some thirty+ years in the "future". Connor sends him
back, ending his existence in the year 2029. He dies in 1984, ending
his existence altogether. You might ask "but what would happen if Reese
was killed before having sex with Sarah?". But it's irrelevant. The
story is what it is, just like you and me, we are here because our
parents made love some day. The now is the result of all that happened,
and the thing about The Terminator is that it gives Sarah a sneak
preview of the future. So in the specific way the film deals with this
kind of paradox, it also makes an intriguing statement about fate and
predestination.
			
This movie is every bit as good as the second one in its own rights,
first of all it does not feel outdated since the movie is set in the
1980s so it fits and the future flashbacks are awesome- Kyle Reese is
awesome too and also and in my opinion this T-850 is more relentless
than the T-1000 since he does not hesitate in the kills- the T-1000 is
still awesome and sleeker but the T-850 is more threatening in this
movie. This film is violent, grim, and with a glimmer of hope with
Reese and Connor, the way is supposed to be. Not to mention Brad
Fiedel's metallic score matches the film perfectly as a Tech-Noir film.
Sarah's evolution from a lowly waitress to the mother of the leader of
the human resistance is believable. This film also has lots of
backstory relating to the Terminator franchise and is essential to view
for any Terminator fan out there.
			
Recently, I was listening to a discussion about filmmakers and the
person leading the talk explained why he thinks that their best films
(even the best directors) are usually their first ones or early ones
and the explanation was amazingly simple...It boils down to this..."The
director has his/her personal vision that they've always wanted to
translate to the screen, the studios don't really know what to make of
the film b/c it's so original, so they take a chance thinking the
director will tank, but then the film's originality wins out." With
minimal studio involvement or interference, a filmmaker with a great
idea that is perfectly executed can put out a masterpiece straight
away...And that's what James Cameron did with THE TERMINATOR! THE TERMINATOR (1984) is one of Cameron's earliest films, and to me, it
is still to this day his BEST film! I hear and read all the time of so
many people fawning all over T2:JUDGMENT DAY as being superior to the
original TERMINATOR, but I cannot disagree more. T2 is essentially a a
loud summer "action" movie with great effects and one-dimensional
characters, whereas the original TERMINATOR is an amalgamation of
sci-fi, horror, action (yes, there is that!), and is very
forward-thinking in its premise: it dares to forewarn us about a bleak,
apocalyptic future in a rather unsettling, plausible way. The way that
THE TERMINATOR presents itself really does scare the heck out of me! I
personally don't think any of Cameron's other films (including the
heavily overrated ALIENS and T2) are in the vicinity of greatness that
THE TERMINATOR is.THE TERMINATOR stars the legendary Arnold Schwarzenegger in perhaps his
greatest film performance. You can tell a performance is great when it
still holds up after 20+ years! Schwarzenegger is truly confident,
convincing, and terrifying as the T800, a killing machine from the
future (2029) tasked to kill "The Mother of the Future" Sarah Connor
(Linda Hamilton in a heartbreaking and powerful performance). Sarah is
to be the mother of John Connor, the leader of the future resistance.
John sends back one of his soldiers Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn in a
provocative, convincing performance). Both Biehn and Schwarzenegger's
characters truly come off as "otherwordly", with no interest or use for
the present day foibles and nonsense. These actors' authenticity as
futuristic beings make THE TERMINATOR more than the typical sci-fi
fare. To this day, I say that these 3 underrated performances of
Schwarzenegger, Hamilton, and Biehn, are among the best in the sci-fi
genre.In addition to THE TERMINATOR having so much going for it as a
multi-genre film, another thing I love about this over the sequels is
that we actually don't see the pivotal character of John Connor. Of
course, since he is still in the future, we can't see him, but it keeps
the character a larger-than-life that we actually don't see him.
Another big plus is that in addition to the main 3 actors, the
supporting cast is exceptional: Paul Winfield as the skeptical police
Lt. Traxler, Lance Henriksen as his wisecracking detective sidekick,
and most notably Earl Boen as psychiatrist Dr. Silberman, who is
equally fascinated and mocking of Reese's story of an apocalyptic
future.As previously mentioned, Cameron impressively mixes several genres well
into this groundbreaking film. It spawned a lot of wannabes and you can
see the influence on some of the later big 80s sci-fi movies like
ALIENS, ROBOCOP, and THE HIDDEN. But THE TERMINATOR. But this film has
an added "bonus" of helplessness and hopelessness that permeates
throughout. If Sarah Connor dies, then supposedly machines will take
over the world. If Sarah Connor lives, then the world has a bleak
future ahead of it fighting said machines.The last (and most important!) ingredient that makes THE TERMINATOR
superior to it's sequels is in the title character. I'm actually a
monumental fan of Schwarzenegger and most of his movies, and although
he went the traditional action star route cashing in on his star-making
role here (Cameron even made Arnie the "good guy" terminator in the
sequels!), he can claim to bringing to the screen the most terrifying,
remorseless killing machine in the history of cinema!
			
The Terminator is a must see film for everyone, it's a sci-fi/thriller
of epic proportions, it may look dated now as it was made in 1984, but
then again the film is set in 1984 so it shouldn't be considered a big
deal.The plot of the film is fairly simple, in the future there is a war
between humans and machines and the machines are fighting a loosing
battle and the reason for them loosing is because of a man named (John
Connor) who is the leader of the human resistance and is the only man
who knows how to stop the machines, so the machines decide to send one
of their Android assassins called The Terminator back through time to
kill john connor's mother(Sarah Connor) thus preventing john connor
from being born and the machines being humanity's successor. however
the human resistance is aware of this scheme and they also send in
their toughest soldier (Kyle Reese; who is only human) to go and
protect sarah connor from the terminator and what follows is an intense
fight for survival for both Sarah connor and Kyle Reese who are up
against a seemingly unstoppable killing machine.What makes the terminator such an incredible movie is that it's very
clever, the plot line is not 100% original but it is very interesting
and raises a question about humanity's future, "Will Technology Reach a
point where humans will no longer be in charge of society?" Now it may
not seem very likely that it will happen but as you can see everyone is
updating on the latest computer technology and gadgets and you start to
wonder when watching the movie how far will it go?The Director of the film (James Cameron) shows us a dark vision of the
future with the war torn battlefields and giant robotic tanks killing
humans, these scenes are not only cool to see but also truly
frightening it's a place that you would not wan't to be.And the cast of the movie is well chosen the terminator is played by
Arnold Schwarzenegger who is without a doubt the perfect choice for the
role,as he looks very intimidating and shows no sign of emotion and you
believe him in the role. Sarah Connor played by Linda Hamilton is also
great in her role of a regular young woman who is unaware of the terror
that is about to come her way and as time goes on she has to become
strong in mind and body in order to survive, and Kyle Reese played
brilliantly by Michael Biehn gives her encouragement throughout the
film and plays the ultimate human protector as he is the one who knows
more about the terminator than anyone else, and he has to rely on his
own ingenuity to not only protect sarah but also himself. Now the special effects are very dated but there are some that still
hold up to this day, the most dated special effect has to be the stop
motion terminator endoskeleton in the end but then again it makes the
terminator look more believable as it looks more robotic. The Action
scenes are good and will keep you entertained, but don't go in
expecting transformers.Overall: The Terminator is a classic in the Sci-Fi and Thriller Genre
Check this movie out, you will definitely will get some entertainment
out of it.10/10
			
The Terminator is a modern classic. It is a great example of action
cinema, making Arnold Schwarzenegger in a superhero, being James
Cameron's first major hit and cements Stan Winston reputation as a
special effects wizard.The premise of The Terminator is simple, a cyborg is sent back in time
to kill the mother of the leader of the human resistance before he is
born. In the year 2029, the world is in the aftermath of a nuclear war
and machines have taken over the world. But the machines have lost to
the human resistance, and they send back a Terminator (800-series)
(Arnold Schwarzenegger) to kill Sarah Conner (Linda Hamilton). The
humans send Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) as a protector, and both have to
battle to cyborg and the police to save themselves.The story is simple and effective. It is just a mighty entertaining
film, with great dialogue and wonderful action scene. They are visions
of an apocalyptic future, as well as the scenes set in 1984, with The
Terminator and Kyle Reese cause death and destruction across Los
Andreas. James Cameron shows his skill as a writer and director,
focusing on character development of his two main characters, showing
how Sarah Conner turned from a scared kid to a strong woman that she
becomes. The Terminator is show to be a totally ruthless machine, and
it is easily the best role Arnold Schwarzenegger has ever done. I love
the use of models, showing the dedication of James Cameron and Stan
Winston to the project. They were great designs throughout the film.
The film does have a B-Movie feel to it, but that what people like
about it. It was meant to be fun. It is an example of gun porn and the
fear of nuclear war which is often a theme in Cameron's films.A must see for film fans.
			
This is one of the great classics in the SF action genre (along with
Alien), and a terrific example that budget and quality are remarkably
unrelated. The big breakthroughs are made on tights budgets. It has a
truly original concept, really well performed. I can't find any big
holes in the plot like too many movies have. I can't even find small
ones. Well, except for the time travel paradox of course.The whole story is tight, extremely well planned and executed. There
doesn't seem to be a single second that isn't well timed. Of course,
the actors help - not a single bad performance. Not only are Hamilton
and Biehn doing their parts nicely, and stone faced Arnold of course,
but all the side roles are just as fine. Cameron seems to have been
doing the best directing of his life.25 years after its release, only some animations in the end feel dated
(and to be frank, they were pretty bad even back then, certainly a
budget problem). Today, the animations would be smoother. Let's accept
that as it is. All the rest is 100%, as close to perfect that an action
movie can get.It also stands as an example that action doesn't come from numbers of
bad guys. One is much better than hundreds.What is there not to like? Again, some crude animations. And if you
just don't want action you want to watch something else, certainly.
There is blood, gore and violence. And if you don't like nudity there
is a scene or two to skip. and you have to accept that time travel
works despite that it doesn't. If you want Arnold as a hero and
speaking more, this is not for you. But I don't say that as criticism
to the movie, only stating what should keep some from it.
			
"The Terminator" is the movie that made James Cameron a star, and the
same goes for Arnold Shwarzanegger. This is a film that is creative,
smart, strange, and entertaining, and it always has the same impact
each time you watch it.Sarah Connor is a happy woman with a good life. That is, until some
weird, strong bad guy tries to hunt her down. The only person who can
protect Sarah is Kyle Reese, a soldier from the future. Reese is in the
present time because he has been sent from the future to save Sarah
from The Terminator, the wacko cyborg that's been trying to kill her.
The Terminator is here because Sarah is the future mother of John
Connor, the young boy that will save mankind from the apocalypse.
There's not too many ways to stop The Terminator. It can't be reasoned
with, you can't shoot it down, it shows no pain, and it won't leave
Sarah alone until she is dead. Now, it's up to Sarah and Kyle to do
everything in their power to survive, and stop The Terminator dead in
his tracks."The Terminator" is one of the most perfect sci-fi thrillers, complete
with wonderful direction, a very original story, a terrific cast, a
bad-ass villain, and some of the hippest special effects of the 80s.
The film never becomes cartoonish, which is what other sci-fi movies
become. The character of The Terminator becomes creepy at times in the
fact that you can't stop it.The cast is flawless. Arnold Shwarzanegger is superior in the role that
made him a star. Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn are also very good as
Sarah and Reese. You will also catch a cameo from an early Lance
Henriksen as a cop.The verdict: You're going to laugh at this, but I had never seen "The
Terminator" until just recently. I'm glad I did. This is the movie that
gave birth to the careers of many famous people, and it has a bunch of
famous quotes. "The Terminator" is the invention of the original sci-fi
action thriller. "Come with me if you want to live!"
			
Great movie on every aspect. This movie pretty much gave Arnold a
career. It's his trademark. Whenever they hear his name they think
about this movie. This is the role Arnold was born to play. The best
sci-fi movie ever made because it didn't have all that weird-o
confusing talk about space and all that bull crap like from 'Star
Trek'. The theme song to this movie is great! It makes you feel scared
and sad at the same time. The best out of all The Terminator movies.
And one of the greatest movies ever made. It's a movie for everyone!
There is action, romance, and even at parts it's like a slasher movie
because the villain in this movie is very much like a slasher villain.
Slasher villains usually hide there faces but this villain the villain
hides there face with human skin and under neath is a robot. Has great
lines! The theme song is awesome! Any way check this bad boy out!
			
First of all I would just like to point out that James Cameron is my
favourite director of all time, as he has made films such as The
Terminator, Aliens and of course, Terminator 2. If you have seen
Terminator 2 or 3, you may not have seen the original. It is completely
different to all of it sequels in a good way, and that is what I like
about it. The story is basically about the war between humans and machines in
2029, and the machines send back to a Terminator to kill Sarah Conor,
as she gives birth to John Conor, the leader of the human resistance.
Although it seems like all hope is lost, the humans send back one of
there soldiers, Kyle Reece. Only one person would be able to play Terminator, and that would be
Arnold. He has the mood that the Terminator needs, and defiantly makes
people laugh with all his lines throughout the films. Michael Bhien was
also brilliant as Kyle Reece. It is hard too describe what genre this
film can be classified as. It could be action due to how many times The
Terminator, Kyle Reece and Sarah Conor meet the police. It could be
horror due to all the deaths The Terminator causes, which could also be
classified as slasher. The only problem I have with the film is the music, which is that 80's
dance music which I hate, whereas T2 has some great music. Defiantly
check this film out though as I am sure you will enjoy it, even though
it is not as good as T2!
			
The Terminator is truly an action and sci-fi classic, no doubt that. It
has all the right elements in it. A good plot, a good cast, good action
sequences and a wonderful director in the form of James Cameron. The
story is about a machine that looks like a human being, a cyborg, who
has been sent back in time in order to kill a certain lady named Sarah
Conner. She has to be killed so that John Conner, who is her son, does
not exist. His birth has to be prevented because John Conner is going
to lead the human resistance against the machines. Needless to say, it
is the machines that have sent back this machine to do the job. But the human resistance is well aware of this mission and plot. So,
the human resistance sends a noble warrior to aid Sarah Conner. And no,
this warrior is not a machine too. He is a human being but someone who
comes from a time where he has seen enough of these machines to know
how to possibly take care of one to some extent. And the chase is on.
The Terminator hunts down Sarah and tries to do his job. And of course,
there is someone who is going to prevent that from happening. Arnold has a perfect physique and the right face to play the role of
the cyborg. It is not that easy to be expressionless like a cyborg and
Arnold convinces us thoroughly that he indeed is a machine who just
happens to look like a human being. Sarah's protector does a wonderful
job as the human warrior that he is. Linda Hamilton, playing Sarah also
brings about the right range of expressions to suit her role. All in
all, the cast is fantastic. And add to this, the beautiful and clean
direction of Cameron and the wonderful special effects, this movie
becomes what it is - a great masterpiece. There are some people of course who find this movie a little dull
compared to the second part of the movie i.e. Terminator 2 : Judgment
Day. There is no doubt about the fact that T2 is indeed a wonderful
movie but at the same time one must not forget that this movie comes
out way before T2 and considering the time in which the movie was made,
what has been showcased in this chapter of the Terminator story, is
simply amazing.
			
This is, truly, one of the best movies of all time. Released in 1984,
The Terminator has become an instant classic with critics, comedians,
and die hard Schwarzenegger fans (such as myself). The opening scene,
which is now considered legendary, starts out at 1:52am on a May
morning, with an old man operating a fork lift, cursing when it won't
work. Then comes the Terminator, Schwarzenegger's ultimate role, and
the movie takes off. Featuring Michael Biehn as Kyle Reese, Linda
Hamilton as Sarah Connor, and the masterful movie-maker James Camereon
as director, this movie is no filler any way you look at it. Also it
has some of the best movie scenes and quotes you'll ever see, like
"I'll be back," which has been slaughtered by comedians 'round the
world. This film as an absolute MUST-HAVE, whether you're a Arnold fan
or not. This movie will most likely be remembered 100 years after its
release from 1984; it's already gone platinum twice after 23 years, and
will most likely be released a third time as its 25-year anniversary.
Truly legendary.
			
This is a movie about overcoming justice and proliferating
descrimination. In South Korea which is my hometown I watch this movie
with my brother, sister, sister, and mother. We enjoy it immensely. Mr.
Schewartzenegger is an excellent movie actor and he portrays a robot
exactly as I would expect an Australian bodybuilder to portray one.
Excellent acting on every field.The art direction and directing is excellent and enjoyable; the movie
is fast flowing with tons of ACTTION!!!!! My brother Chin-san say that
this movie is "like a roller coaster ride of action and suspense which
does not give you your money back but instead only stops when you have
PUKED your guts all over the floor!!" My family and I got a kick out of
this excellent one sentence review of the movie, I assure you.In conclusion I am Jin and this is my five star review of this five
star movie, I recommend it to everyone who is of sound mental health so
they do not try to reenact the scenes depicted in this film because
that is definitely a ongoing program in United States today.Five stars out of 5. ***
			
So many people write James Cameron off as a writer/director who
specializes in action and special effects. While it's true that almost
no one does either better, I have always believed that Cameron uses
these tools in order to get people to see his stories - not the other
way around as some here seem to think. Cameron is a sci-fi buff and a
true romantic in the original sense (i.e. romance not necessarily as
sexual love, but adventure and belief in greater possibilities than
mundane life often suggests).I remember being made to watch this movie in 1986 by my then boyfriend,
having assumed from its star (Schwarzenegger) and its title that it was
simply mindless, stupid violence. The first few minutes, showing the
war in the future, made me realize that I'd been completely wrong - as
a fan of science fiction books, I realized I was seeing the real thing
as only Kubrick, Lucas, and Spielberg had done it thus far. I became a
Cameron fan then and there; all the elements he has shown since were
demonstrated: a compelling story that always centers on a real love
(whether it be between a couple, or a child and parents), a sharp sense
of humor coupled with a slight sadness or wistful element, flawless art
direction and as good effects as can be got for the money and time it
was made, highly believable performances, and an utter relentlessness
that, each time you think it's finally over, turns out not to be.I see time and time again the criticism that the movie is dated in its
styles of clothing, music, and cars. This puzzles me. You don't watch a
movie of the thirties or forties and think how dated it is; it was made
when it was made and reflects that time. I can only figure that a lot
of folks remember themselves in the eighties and somehow now are
embarrassed that they followed the fashions of the times and not those
now current twenty years later. This is silly; how could you or a movie
of the eighties have incorporated the customs or tastes of a later
time? The movie was made in 1984 and has its characters dressed,
listening to music, and driving cars accordingly - get over it!
Probably one of the primary reasons this criticism comes up is that the
movie has held up so well in other ways. Hundreds of sci-fi movies have
been made since, and yet, except for the weakness of some of the
stop-action effects of the endo-skeleton Terminator, this movie can
pretty much hold its own with any of them. In fact, I suspect that had
not Cameron done The Terminator and, shortly thereafter, Aliens, sci-fi
movies would not be what they are today. This movie ranks with Star
Wars in raising the bar as to what constitutes good sci-fi in movies
and few, if any, since have quite equalled them.If you have somehow managed to miss this movie, and enjoy a story with
crisp dialog, good performances, incredible suspense, and a truly
moving love story, I suggest you get your hands on a copy ASAP. I doubt
you'll regret it.
			
Listen. And understand. That terminator is out there. It can't be
bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or
remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are
dead. Cyborg from an apocalyptic future is sent back in time to assassinate
Sarah conner, the mother of john conner, he is the military leader in
the future who fights the machines. With him dead, the machines have
won. They MUST erase is existence....John sends human kyle Reese back
in time to protect is mother.In my opinion this has got to be one of the best Sci fi films of all
time, if not the best. Great action, story which moves at lightning
pace, great acting, and brilliant soundtrack by brad Fidel. some of the
sfx don't hold up to well today, but hey..it was 1984 and to be fair
they was pretty groovy. Stan Winston in charge of the effects.the chase scenes are intense!! Arnie nails the role of the unstoppable
cyborg, he is truly scary and his destruction of the police station
only proves the fact that Sarah and kyle are safe nowhere from this
machine. Ending was very good too.nothing more to say really. best terminator in the series.
			
THE TERMINATOR is about an almost invincible cyborg sent back to 1984
in order to terminate Sarah Connor, who will give birth to John Connor,
leader of the human resistance in the year 2029. A man named Kyle Reese
is sent back to protect Sarah from the powerful cyborg. When I first
saw this, I thought to myself what a masterpiece. This is without any
doubts, Arnold's best performance and most memorable one. Biehn and
Hamilton also give impressive performances. I also liked the score.
Very machine-like and flows perfectly with the terminator story. I have
this film on DVD and I have seen it about 70 million times. I never get
bored of THE TERMINATOR. I can watch it over and over again. I think
the story is very solid and highly original. James Cameron, thank you
for making one of the best films ever.
			
Arnold Scwarzenegger stars as a cyborg sent back to 1984 to wipe out
Sarah Connor(Linda Hamilton) due to her giving birth to what will be
the savior of mankind in the future. I remember seeing this back when I
was 11 back when kids could get into R rated action movies without an
ID. I saw this movie and I realized that my mom would have killed me if
she would have known what I had been watching in the theater playing
this movie. I was used to the R rated blood lust from various Friday
The 13th movies and therefore I had walked out of theaters with my
friends in an uproar over the carnage. Not this time, my friends and I
walked out as if we had seen the goriest snuff film ever made. However
I don't want to give off the impression that this was a bad feeling,
indeed we went back the next day to see it again! We would feel the
same way after seeing Aliens. The Terminator though was unlike anything
we had ever seen, the pace was brutal and the action sequences were
frightening in their intensity. The police station massacre and indeed
even the opening scene set the tone for one of the greatest epics ever
saw. It's an awesome movie. It really is. * * * * out of 4-(Excellent)
			
There is simply no flaw in this movie. From casting, to direction to
the great script. Arnie was born to do this role. Michael was a perfect
hero and James was the only to pull it out, by his standards. Arnie had
a very small amount of lines but more-less all of them are memorable.
From "i'll be back" to his multiply options of answers while repairing
his face damage. Even Reese's one-liners like "Come with me if u want 2
live" are legendary. And our main hero dies. I mean in how many movies
nowadays this happen? I was always against any syrupy happy-endings but
this one is just about perfect. What about that picture at the end? The
beginnings of this masterpiece might be in some other classics like
"Blade runner" or "Mad Max", than Cameron definitely borrowed from
"Westworld", but somehow he managed to create his own space. There are
countless books written about it and there will always be a debate
which one is better T1 or T2? For me personally after more than 10000
movies seen there are just a few with 10 points. Terminator is one of
them.Star Wars, Matrix and Alien come up to the near second in sci-fi
section but "I'll be back!" rules. Still after more than 20 years it is
not dated or outlived. It still has the visual flair, "that accent" and
just a great story. Made on low budget it became one of the most
influential movies of 80's, and 4 me it is the original and best ever
sci-fi movie 'till now.
			
What a story. Go back in time to eliminate your enemy before he is
born. That's Si-Fi! And again the atmosphere represents the time this
film was made in. In every moment I can recall that it were the 80'sand
especially 1984. This is definitely a formative film of the 80's.
Overmore it's full of action and you can't take a breath for even a
second. The script is congenial strait but leaves enough space for
short romantic intimacy. And what a great soundtrack. It always seems
as if there is something looming in the dark; where you can't see.
Arnie did what he can do best and he gave us one of the most famous
One-Liners in film history. The fact that all the actors were at the
beginning of their career was a stroke of luck because the unbelievable
atmosphere couldn't have been realized otherwise. "I'll be back." I'll
take it as a promise, Arnie.
			
As used to say a friend of mine watching Terminator : cold war
masterpiece. You couldn't say it a better way. James Cameron's best
movie might be the most dry movie you'll ever see. It is not a movie,
in fact, it is a tunnel. Once you enter it, you cannot go out until the
end. The talent of great directors is to operate a kind of fusion
between a great universal story (here : primal fear, pure fear, and
violence) and powerful images. The talent of genius is to invent a
character that will be used out of the context of the art form : it has
been the case for Lewis Carrol's Alice, Jerry Siegel's Superman, it is
the case for TERMINATOR. Cameron, alongside with Schwarzenneger, has
invented a legend : the pure, the perfect killing machine. It never
stops. The Terminator is the definition of cinema : once the film has
started, it wont stop until THE END. Once the Terminator arrives, it
won't stop either. After that very simple (but so powerful) basic rule,
Cameron has just put everything he had in his hands to make it quick,
straight and super clear. The editing is direct. Pictures are clear.
Music is brilliant, reminding of Carpenter's Assault, meeting with an
industrial rock band. Each element of the script is given in a short
dialog between bullets storm. So why a cold war masterpiece ? Well,
with this dark light, poor areas, lost streets, suburbs houses looking
all alike, with Schwarzenneger and his very far far away English
accent, you've never seen a movie making the USA look that close to the
Soviet Union.
			
THE TERMINATOR, in my opinion, is a excellent, nail-biting,
edge-of-your-seat thriller that's sure to make you feel good and take
your breath away. If you ask me, Arnold and Linda Hamilton deliver
electrifying performances that are out of this world. It's hard to
imagine Arnold as the bad guy, though. Even so, I enjoyed this movie
very much. When Sarah (Linda Hamilton) and Kyle (Michael Biehn) were
being pursued by the terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger), I was on the
edge of my seat the entire time. In conclusion, if you like thrillers
that will blow you away or are a fan of Arnold or Linda Hamilton, I
strongly recommend this excellent, nail-biting, edge-of-your-seat
thriller that's sure to make you feel good and take your breath away.
			
A good and reliable film. Without children-oriented atmosphere of its
sequel and without CGI-oriented smell of its blockbuster
let's-have-some-fun sequel's sequel. Have seen it quite a number of
times during these 15 years and it still does not wear out.The vocabulary of the cyborg is very curt and mature. So is the movie.
The effects are restrained but notably to the point. The dark
atmosphere is superb. The shootout in the police department is not bad
at all. It is a real highlight.Bad thing is a sex scene. Do we really have to take this "Emmanuelle"
crap in order to know that this soldier is the father of the future
John? It should have been moved to the deleted scenes (can't help
mentioning "First Blood" as a pure example of a very clever move in a
similar case). Absence of this (as well as some verbal hints) would
have added more mystery (like "Is that man the father of John Connor or
not?"). A pair of additional bloody fist fights or shoot-out scenes
instead would have been quite nice though.Still, cannot give it a lower mark - it is a very rare example of tough
revolutionary cinema. Thank you for attention.
			
I'm not going to go into detail about the plot, because most people
know what it is. This is one of Arnold's best movies out there. This
role was crafted to fit him perfectly. From the very beginning until
the very end, the excitement and action don't let up. I watch this
movie religiously. The plot is amazing, and the directing is
incredible. I love the part where he punches right into the chest
cavity of that punk. I also thought the part at the end where his skin
melts off and he is coming after them was eerie. Perfect. This movie is
a definite must-see!If you haven't seen it yet, do it now!
			
The Terminator, one of James Cameron's greatest films, has everything
that you could look for in a movie. It has romance, science fiction,
horror, and action all rolled into one fantastic film. There isn't much
let up, much like Aliens, a film made two years later and also one of
his best.Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton in one of her best roles) has no idea
what's in store for her. She a waitress just trying to get by, but her
life's about to be turned upside down. Unknown to her in the present
she is, in the not too distant future, going to give birth to a son
named John Connor who will be an influential leader in the year 2029
and help the rebels defeat the machines and the super computer Skynet.Skynet knows this and sends one of it's virtually indestructible
cyborgs (Arnold Swarzennegger in his greatest role) back to Sarah
Connor's present to kill her before she can conceive. However the
rebels have sent one of their own back to protect her, a man named
Reese (Michael Biehn). What follows is one of the most creative
concepts for a movie. This movie is filled with almost non-stop action,
and on top of all that it is a romance as well as a science fiction or
horror movie. Take your pick.The acting in this film is great, and Cameron's pacing is perfect in
that he knows when to slow down and when to pick it back up. My only
problem with the movie was some of the special effects now seem dated.
However, you got to realize that this movie was made back in 1984, so I
can forgive it that much.This is one of my favorite films, and it is probably Swarzennegger's
best movie to date. Yes I like Terminator 2, but it wasn't quite as
good as the original even though the special effects had, of course,
improved.Some of the concepts of time seem a little much. But you have to
realize that this is, at its heart, mainly a science fiction film, and
one of the best ever made. I loved it and would recommend it to
anybody.
			
Spoilers?From the future, The Terminator (Arnold) is sent to kill Sarah Connors,
who will give birth to an evil son. When the Terminator first finds her
he shoots everyone and everything to get to her. But, Sarah escapes and
finds Kyle Reese (Biehn), who was sent to protect her. He and her
escape into a car and then Reese tells her the bad news. But in an
accident, Kyle ends up in jail and Sarah stays for the night. But, as
Sarah stays, the Terminator finds her and hunts the police
station--with two fully-loaded rifles. She finds a hiding place and
Reese breaks free, just in time to save her. The flee from the
destroyed station, but the Terminator follows them. This is one of
Cameron's best creations, which produced two sequels.
			
The Terminator is one of the greatest sci-fi films out there, it and
The Matrix. The Terminator is also one of the few films that truly
changed cinema, it was the first of it's kind of sci-fi film. The story
is is genius, every single part of it is genius. It is a warning
against the future as well as a brilliantly fun story. The screenplay
is great, the dialogue is great, the characters are great, and the
scenes are greatly put together. The acting is fair, Arnold
Schwarzenegger is not very good, but he doesn't really have to be, so
he works fine. Linda Hamilton, and Michael Biehn are both good, but not
great. The direction is outstanding, James Cameron does even better
than he did with Titanic, although he won't top the film it self. The
visual effects are not so good, and often look very fake, the eye scene
was the worst, but some parts with the metal Terminator looked bad too.
The Terminator is one of the best sci-fi films ever, watch it.
			
Hundred billion $ SFX is one thing, the experience of a thrilling,
absolutely compelling low budget sci-fi is another. THE TERMINATOR,
although every scene is about 80% cheaper than its magnificent and
likewise thrilling sequel, still has something that makes it a favorite
of mine, and better than the 2d (I won't mention the inferior Rise of
the Machines).First, Arnold, The Man, is the bad guy. He's not a compromising machine
capable of learning as in the 2d. He's not a joke ("I am an obsolete
model") as in the 3d. He's the BAD guy. End of story. He's the original
and best Terminator, starter of a genre, and at the top of his career.
Go in. Kill. Shoot everything apart. Say his German accent lines. "I'll
be back." I mean, has there ever been a better quote from an action
movie? The mood of the story is dark, interesting and cool. Arnold
crashing through a door with a helicopter in nr. 3? Yawn. Arnold,
totally unexpectedly, driving his car through doors, walls, and a
guard? THAT is cool.This is the one movie where the Terminator actually is somewhat scary.
And definitely the one with the best acting, though I don't accuse
Judgment Day of not having it. Linda Hamilton is an excellent heroine,
Michael Biehn, James Cameron's favorite, is much better than everyone
says, Lance Henriksen and Paul Winfield also shine. There is not a
single bad performance in this movie, and that's saying a lot, with the
low budget in mind.As for SFX... wow. The opening scenes with the laser-firing spaceships,
that were probably only suspended in the air by strings, is really
wonderful to watch. The stop-motion scenes are believable and
entertaining. The car chases are also great, and the scene where Arnold
takes out his eye is not as fake-looking as it is classic. Whether the
Terminator is a stop-motion machine, an Austrian bodybuilder or a
claymation face, it is not embarrassingly bad. Cameron and his crew
have done an outstanding job.Action scenes are powerful, well made and incredibly emotional. No
offense to T2, but even if Ah-nuld jumping with his motorcycle after a
van and blowing it up was "awesome" cool, the final scenes of T1, where
the blown-up remains of T-1000 is crawling after Linda Hamilton and
crushed in a compressor, are simply "on-the-edge-of-your-seat" cool.Terminator is one of the most memorable and extraordinary low budget
action flicks ever made. With a great cast and crew, and a great
director (Cameron) it is one of my favorites. I hope you understood the
point of my babbling, all I can say is you will not regret watching
this masterpiece from the eighties. 10/10
			
The Terminator is a viscerally enjoyable film that is filled with
heart-thumping suspense and pure adrenaline rush. A small but witty
sci-fi flick has now been regarded as one of the best movies in its
genre. This creation stemmed from the minds of genius director, James
Cameron who concocted a taut tale of time travel of a future terminator
brought back in time to kill a woman destined to bear the unborn who
would battle the future.The minimal acting of Schwarzenegger was an inspired piece of casting
for the unstoppable killing machine. Cameron concocted a taut tale of
suspense. The terminator is an efficient killing machine, devoid of
emotion and interested only in one end, the death of his target.With a relatively low budget, Cameron squeezes out the most by
providing jarring action sequences such as the Police station assault
and final climatic showdown starting with the chase. The special
effects were amazing for this scale and Stan Winston's endoskeleton
revelation at the end is cinematic glory. The musical score works
within the action providing an eerie feel, though 80ish it was relevant
at that time.A movie for serious sci-fi lovers of gut-wrenching violence and
non-stop action, the Terminator is staple sci-fi masterpiece.
			
This is a really great movie and one of Cameron's best. Biehn and
Schwarzenegger play their roles perfectly and the writing is very cool.
Personally, I'm not sure why everyone prefers the sequel to this, but I
couldn't even tolerate T2 due to the way they played it for cheap
laughs and Schwarzenegger got to play the good guy, which doesn't make
a lot of sense.Biehn plays the part of the lone protector just as he should: desperate
and unsure of himself, but with enough focus on his mission that he'll
try as hard as he can to protect Sarah. Schwarzenegger plays the
killing machine as a cold and unfeeling thing, unconcerned with
anything at all except its end goal. Hamilton is great as an everywoman
who has to muster more than she thinks she has just to survive and to
deal with what she's told is coming ahead.The only missteps were the relationship between Reese and Connor, as I
thought this seemed out of place tonally and turned the movie into a
different direction than it should have been going. Luckily, that's a
small part of the movie and can easily be overlooked by how great the
rest of it really is.I'm not an action movie fan, but Cameron is right on target here and
made me a believer. For one movie, anyway.
			

For me, the thing that stood most from this film was the foggy atmosphere
and far out-dated, cheesy music. Yes, I did like this, very much so but it
does have its flaws.The films visual effects were outstanding for their time but the quality is
poor, compared to todays standards. Thank God there's not much of it. But
despite this poor CGI the films atmosphere and visuals are excellent. The
movies typically foggy, 80's visuals go surprisingly well and add to the
films overall effect. The neon lights and glamour also
contribute.Unfortunately not much can be said for the acting. Arnold Scharzanegger does
have good acting abilities (as proved in End of Days). But with only 16
lines he does come a little "short". Michael Biehn isn't much better and
doesn't come across well trying to be an action hero,(what sort of name is
Kyle Reese). Linda Hamilton is good, nuff' said.The Terminator will always be remembered as a classic. In my opinion its
better than then the sequel. Lets face it, without Terminator there would be
no Terminator 2. It may be somewhat ironic (why would people from 2029 have
mullets?), but it does have its moments. Overall, excellent 8.2 out of
10.
			

This movie is full of action and has good music.
When i was younger this movie was one of my best movies i ever had
seen.
I like "Terminator 2" also very much.This movie really goes to the top of the action movies!!!
I mean, Arnold is really entertaining and the other characters play also
well.
			

Terminator deserves an award for the impact it made to sci-fi--albeit good
and bad.  Star Wars demolished the genre that Kubrick slaved to change,
making space operas more important than thinking at the box office.  With
Terminator we abandon droids, galactic empires, the Force, and all that
other pissant elementary school dung and get down to business,
pronto.
Many films are hailed "cool", but intellectuals get their brains working
and
reject is as garbage.  Terminator is one movie that'll please both smart &
stupid, the darkness gives the sense of evil everywhere while an electronic
score enhances the feeling of man at the mercy of machines.  Arnold,
limited
actor he is, reigns king of deadpan brutality.  When he puts a shotgun
shell
in someone's chest or rips their heart out--he doesn't smile, frown, or
flinch, his performance is robotic--AND IT WORKS!
The nightmarish future scenes make Mad Max look like Teletubbies
(interesting how many set pieces were reused in T2).  While the futuristic
Hunter-Killers seem fake, their machined ruthlessness causes fear. The
cyborgs slay like Judas, betraying our emotions into believing only what's
human, then whipping out the laser cannon and perforating
us.
As in almost all his work, James Cameron has women become strong.  Little
is
spent worrying with that and more on the story--making it one of the best
low budget movies that does a lot with little.  In a 150 MILLION dollar
film, do they care where the cash goes?  No, and we spectators wind up with
"Wild Wild West", "Pearl Harbor", and "Waterworld" (not bold moves for the
studios)!  In a $6 million film like this, togetherness is
key.
WARNING!  DON'T CONTEMPLATE HOW TELEPORTING IN TIME TO CHANGE THE PAST IN
ORDER TO SAVE THE FUTURE WORKS!!  You'll go cuckoo and wind up in an insane
asylum.
			

Yes ah bringing back my youth :)lol a friend gave me The Terminator on video to watch i was about 15 years
old , I slapped it in the VCR saw the bit with the flying robots and the
tank thing crush skulls , and though what a heap of crap and gave it back
to
him within minutes :), wow what a big mistake I was making back then, as
this title is now firmly lodge in my top 3 movies of all time and also goes
to strengthen the say "Never Judge A Book By Its Cover " so
true.No point on going into detail as the whole developed world must have seen
this by now age 10+ lol... 10-10 I can watch this movie and then watch
tomorrow again.
			

Cameron has created a masterpiece with this one.  He really did this one
right.  The acting was perfect especially from Arnold.  He was good.  Linda
Hamilton and Michael Biehn were also really good.  They were all cast
perfect for their characters.  The plot is good.  A terminator from the
future to kill a woman who is soon going to have a baby that, apparently,
the terminator does not want.  The bar scene was really cool.  The collision
with the semi and the ending was great. Overall the movie was superb and the directing, acting, special effects,
etc. were awesome.  Rating 10 out of 10.

			
I'm an action film buff, and since a lot of things have blown up since
1984, you'd think that "The Terminator", like "48 Hrs", would now be a
little dated. No.The Terminator takes an interesting science fiction premise and takes
it to intelligent, deep heights. While the film won't exactly change
your life ("Contact", "Dead Poets Society", "Smoke Signals"), it's a
fast-paced trip with wonderful realism.The plot is incredibly tight (like "Memento" and "Back to the Future").
Every second counts and each character in the film is always doing
something that's in character and meaningful. You can also view the
film as a pure action film, but there's a lot of depth here. Notice,
for example, that The Terminator is always running -- that's how a
machine gets its most efficient movement. The acting is terrific,
especially by Linda Hamilton, and the story is sort-of really about her
character (the "everyman") rises to the challenge.Buoyed even more by its classic sequel, "The Terminator" is sure to
endure and is the best SF film on the 1980s.Who should see this film:-- SF fans: a must-see, but it's too scary for young kids-- action film fans: a must-see, even if you don't like Arnold-- drama film fans who like to go slumming once in a while.This film is quite intelligent and I suggest you try it.I'll give "The Terminator" a 10 out of 10.
			

With "The Terminator", thus began Arnie's career in Sci-Fi films. I
believe
that while it's not as good as T2, The Terminator was definitely a
ground-breaking film. Never has post-apocalyptic action kicked so much
A**!
			
See this film. It is a great film. It has a great story line. It also
has great acting. It also has great special effects. It has a got of
action. 8.1 is to low of a ratting for this great film. I give it 10
out of 10. Terminator 2 is better. Terminator Salvation is also better.
Terminator Genisys is also better. But still one of the best science
fiction/action movies to come out before 1991. See this movie. See all
the Terminator movies. They are all great movies. This movie is so
cool. This very scary. It is very fast past. All the Terminator movie
are must sees. I need more lines. And I am running out of things to
say.
			
The Terminator - ripped from the pages of Harlan Ellison (literally
ripped-off at first until a lawsuit came around for screen credit) and
out of the imagination of James Cameron, it's an action movie that
MOVES, fast, after a 20 minute set-up with only little bits to pause
and reflect or give exposition or have a quintessential love scene.
It's also the reason that Arnold Schwarzenegger got work for so many
years after as a star, with a performance that oddly enough features
only a handful of lines of dialog. One wonders today the T-800,
Cyberdine model 101, is still (Anton Chigurh be damned) the true
quiet-killer in modern cinema.The set-up is simple, so simple a child or senile old person can watch
and know what's going on: Kyle Reese, soldier, sent back over 40 years
into the past to stop the T-800 from killing Sarah Conner, mother of
the resistance-against-the-machines leader John. That's about it.
There's some more, of course, including a glimpse into the future (the
term "Tecnh-Noir" is most apt even with the rampant violence
throughout), but mostly it's a chase movie, a cat-and-mouse game where
the lines are drawn straight and from there on in James Cameron
propells the characters and action down without a mark missed. It's the
kind of movie that if you really like it the first time you'll rewatch
it whenever it's on TV and love it more. It's smart, fun, ruthless
contemporary film-making."Look at it this way, in 100 years, who's gonna care?"
			
When I saw this one in 1984, I couldn't help but point out that it was
nothing new: anyone who's seen THE OUTER LIMITS (the original, black
and white series) can attest to that. THE TERMINATOR "borrows
liberally" from at least three episodes: THE MAN WHO WAS NEVER BORN,
SOLDIER, and DEMON WITH A GLASS HAND. The latter two episodes were both
written by noted Fantasist Harlan Ellison. He would sue the filmmakers
for plagiarism and win. (When the movie played theaters, the
"acknowledgement to the works of Harlan Ellison" did NOT appear at the
end of the movie.) Cameron and company took the romance between Martin
Landau and the soon-to-be mother of the man who would bring about the
end of civilization from THE MAN WHO WAS NEVER BORN and coupled it, if
you will, with the time-traveling title character from SOLDIER
(brilliantly played by Michael Ansara) and the Mandroid (another
brilliant performance, by Robert Culp) from DEMON WITH THE GLASS HAND.
Focusing more on action than anything else (though it's Michael Bien's
passionate performance as the hero that makes the movie worth
watching), THE TERMINATOR proved the perfect vehicle for Arnold
Schwarzenegger: he says little, but is physically imposing enough to
intimidate anyone he comes into contact with. The fx were good enough
for their time (and still hold up on the small screen) and the music is
unforgettable.
			
This is a classic franchise, with one of the rare abilities to have
sequels that are just as good or better than the original film.This film in itself, is a masterpiece of sci-fi film. I could see this
movie for the hundredth time and it would still have the same zeal as
the first time i saw it.Schwarzeneggerr I think, only had a handful of lines, but he did what
he does best, act as the terminator. This movie has caused a chain
reaction, a spawn of all these other wonderful series to with this type
of movie.Once you have seen this one, you'll have to see the rest!
			
This was the film that made me a Terminator fan for life! Sure, I saw
T2 in theaters as a kid before I ever saw the original, but this movie
did the trick. The Terminator has a terrific blend of action and horror
as it makes for a great little roller coaster. This has an original
plot, great acting, and a great theme. The fear of machines taking over
the world through a nuclear war vs humans is depicted beautifully in
the future/flashback (or flash forward ha ha)scenes! Great casting as
James Cameron created the start of my all-time favorite franchise. ".....there is a storm coming." That storm would be the greatest sequel
in movie history, T2. T3 would then follow after that and a whole new
trilogy (at least as it was announced) is in the making.
			
The Terminator is the first and best film of the Terminator Films and
easily one of the best action films I have seen. Schwarzenneggar makes
this film and this is his best performance in a film in my opinion.The Terminator machine is sent back to the year 1984. His purpose, to
kill Sarah Conner and prevent her from giving birth to her son who will
go on to lead humans to victory over the machines. Kyle Reese, a human,
also gets sent back to the same year in order to protect Sarah from The
Terminator.The Terminator is one of the greatest villains ever. Relentless, he
only has one purpose in this film, to kill Sarah Conner. He has no
emotion or care for anything or anyone. Completely cold and evil
machine. Schwarrzenneggar does such a great job of portraying him, he
really moves and acts like a cybornetic machine would. Awesome villain
and portrayal in this film. I like Arnold better in this villain role
than in the hero role he plays in the sequels to The Terminator.Also I liked the acting and characters of Kyle Reese and Sarah Conner.
Reese is a great character to play the military guy intent on
protecting Conner. Linda Hamilton does great as Sara Conner and really
does a good job playing the women who goes from being scared and weak
to being a strong woman who is able to protect herself.The setting is great. I really like how most of the film takes place
during the night, giving it a dark feel. ALso love how whenever The
Terminator is on screen there is the sound of a deep drum beating
continuously. That just adds to the setting and also makes The
Terminator to seem like an evil thing.THe action is great. Car chases, attacks in clubs and police stations,
and a chase through a factory at night. It just is great action.To conclude, I think this is easily the best of the Terminator
Franchise. Great villain, tone and setting, and acting. Recommended to
the highest.
			
"The Terminator" is a brilliant movie, the casting, the action, the
story. This movie revolutionised action / Sci-fi films. Tell me how
many films today contain evil machines and cyborgs that go around
killing people? A lot.James Camerons "The Terminator" is a fast paced action packed chase
that will have the audience on the edge of there seat, the real beauty
around The Terminator is that its one of those movies you can watch
over and over again.Michaule Biehn plays the heroic character "Kyle Reese" with great
strength, you can really grow attached to the character.Finally Arnold Schwarzanegger plays the role of "The Terminator T-800"
brilliantly, Arnold helped a lot towards the film making minor
suggestions such as using his eyes like a surveillance camera, hes the
thing that cant die in the nightmare that wont end! I highly recommend
this movie to everybody, its got its fair dose of Action, Sci-fi,
Horror and Romance. Its simple yet brilliantly well done plot really
gives this movie a kick.10/10.
			
This contains Spoilers.The Terminator is one of those movies that was great for it's time. The
special effects are quite outdated by todays standards, but I try to
look past that and focus on the fact that for the time, it was good and
it was acceptable. It must have been great to have seen this movie in
the Cinemas back when it was released.The Terminator plot is, at heart, a simple one, but many twists usually
make it more complex, thus make it more compelling to watch, in my
opinion. It's typically about the Present and the Future. The main
character in this movie is Sarah Connor, who leads a simple life, but
is going to be thrust into a life she never anticipated and I'm sure
never wanted to have happened to her. A terminator from the future is
sent into the past to kill Sarah Connor, which in turn kills John
Connor, her unborn child. John Connor leads the resistance in the
future and ultimately leads Humankind to victory in the war against the
machines. The humans, who found out that they sent a Terminator in the
past to try and kill Sarah Connor, which will wipe John Connor from
existence and mean that the Robots will win the war, send a human
Soldier, Kyle Reece,, to protect Sarah.From then on, the movie gets interesting very fast. Unlike the sequels
to this movie, this one is more violent and has a darker tone about it
than the other movies have. In this movie, Arnold Schwarzenegger is the
Terminator, like in the sequels, but this time he is bad, not good. It
seems like a very slim chance that Sarah and Kyle can beat it, since it
is two humans versing a machine, which is nearly indestructible (or
would seem so if you were in a similar situation and tried everything
against it). They eventually beat the Terminator, but not before Kyle
Reece dies.One of the twists in this movie is that Kyle Reece is the father of
John Connor, and when you think about it it gets very complex and still
gets me thinking as to how it might be. This movie makes you think in a
way, and it's a different kind of action movie, if you focus on the
story that is and not just the guns and pretty explosions that occur
occasionally.The music is pretty good. While not the best in terms of composing
(it's very improvised therefore there are some times when some sounds
do not sound right at all), it fits the movie. The use of synthesizers
was a great touch, although at the time, synthesizers were prominent in
most movies so it was kind of expected. Some of the music is upbeat,
some of it a more darker tone and some of it is romantic, soft music,
such as the Sex scene or for an upbeat scene, when Kyle is having a
nightmare when he is in the future and is fighting versing the
Machines.The movie is well done, and although some things might be quite
outdated by todays standards, you should still check it out.
			
Terminator is a great movie because it blends sci-fi and action
perfectly. I first saw it at the age of six or seven and unsurprisingly
it confused me. A few years later I caught it on TV and loved it. I was
browsing through my local videostore a few weeks ago and it caught my
eye and brought it. After viewing it again I loved it even more. Arnold
Shwartznegger was great as The Terminator, this movie shot him to
superstardom. I loved Terminator 2: Judgement day and I liked T3:rise
of the machines to a certain extent but none of the sequels had the
same impact the original had on me. This in my opinion James Cameron's
best work, Aliens and True Lies were good and Titanic I find very
overrated.
			
In 1984 I was 14 and reading George Orwell's novel titled 1984, written
in the 1930's I think. I remember finding the book very
thought-provoking and wondering about the agenda of world governments
and covert agencies. The sign I was looking to confirm Orwell's
predictions specifically was what was referred to as doublespeak
especially by members of the government. That summer in 84 the U.S was
in a military conflict with someone, I forget who now. When they
attacked their enemies they ended up killing members of their own
forces. It was the first public use of the words "friendly fire". After
that I became somewhat obsessed with comparing what people said with
what they obviously meant.Today re-reading the synopsis of Terminator (spoiler coming)I had a
thought maybe the doublespeak referred to in the 1930's was
foreknowledge of the future conflict where beings from the future would
impact the events of the past for their own gain by exploiting
real-time events that they had prior knowledge of. Specifically in the
film the terminator imitates the voices of people to get information
from people on the line who thought they were talking to their known
companions. The doublespeak is the identity theft of the person's
voices, later characteristics, now in real life real people's
identities not just characters in a film are being stolen. In fact
identity theft is the number one crime in North America now.Do any of you think the reason for the emergence of so many password
dependent activities is a means for the humans(victims) to plan and
disseminate counter-insurgency strategies without tipping off the
time-travelers? I zealously create brutally encrypted dialogue
electronically and in person just in case we actually do have a
foothold situation going on.If this all sounds a bit too paranoid or far out just interpret this
commentary as reflecting Terminator as being a really engaging
provocative film that ideologically was really far ahead of it's time
in its treatment of other-worldly anti-human conflict and how a
disadvantaged species could overcome a superiorly prepared adversary by
never giving in to despair and focusing on immediate survival needs
with an eye to prophecy fulfillment.
			
This all started back in 1984 when I was 6 years of age. This was my
first R rated film, and viewed at home with one or both parents
present. It was all very exciting, but oddly did not give me any
nightmares (at least not for a few years). I recall that I was fond of
seeing Michael Biehn, and somewhat feared Arnold Schwarzenegger. Since
my father had introduced me to the music of Jean-Michel Jarre, I found
that the score music from Brad Fiedel helped create the mood of the
film, alongside the vocal tracks from: Linn Van Hek; Tahnee Cain &
Tryanglz; Jay Ferguson & 16mm.At the time, my father was employed by Intel as a chip designer, so the
film in some ways seemed to be connected to my life. I was becoming
very interested in computers, electronic music & robots. I remember the
buzz from the time, and how the film fit in with the culture, but could
not comprehend for some time the mental aspect of the story behind it.
I have tried to listen and watch any stories that speak of the film,
and gained more insight from them. -Thursday, 2 November, 2006-
			
A hardcore 80s action flick -- from the directing angles to the
soundtrack. A must see classic for action fans. The Terminator is well
paced, but as strong as the story is, it is the actors that really
bring energy to the film.Michael Biehn became my favorite actor after seeing him in here. Biehn
just threw himself into the character, really pulling off the image of
a rough, futuristic soldier here to save the day. Linda Hamilton was
convincing as the average, every day girl. Great chemistry between
Biehn and Hamilton.The entire cast was great. If you're a Lance Henriksen or Bill Paxton
fan check out The Terminator. Then after you see The Terminator you
have to watch: Escape from New York, Near Dark, Alien, and of course
T2.
			
The Terminator is one of those low budget 80's action movies that is
great fun to watch, James Cameron had an interesting idea about the
future with machines taking over the world and mankind is fighting them
in a war zone. The music has a 80's feel to it which I love, the gun
sound effects are also cool and the acting is great, Arnold
Schwarzenegger did a great performance as a machine since he shows no
emotion, uses guns with great skill, and talks in a way like a machine
would. He also says the famous line "I'll be back." Micheal Biehn plays
Kyle Reese, a solider that has no choice but to fight The Terminator
and he does a great job, Linda Hamilton does a great job as Sarah
Conner, a women that lives a ordinary life but soon finds herself being
hunted down by a unstoppable killing machine and her only help is the
solider from the future sent to protect her, she has to become strong
and get rid of her fear, in Terminator 2 she shows us that.The film sees a war in the future were humans and machines are fighting
each other, a company called SkyNet created the machines but they
rebelled against the people who made them and destroyed everything.
Some humans survived and decided to take on the machines, one man named
John Connor lead the humans against the machines so as a result they
sent one of their machines to kill the mother Sarah Connor so that John
never exists and they will win, but John sends one of his men Kyle
Reese to protect Sarah and stop The Termiantor so that John will be
born and Tech Com will battle against the machines.The Terminator is a classic 80's sci-fi movie that should be seen.
10/10
			
although this movie nowadays is considered to be a 16 years or older
movie i watched it quiet some time before that. this is a movie i could
watch over and over and it still wouldn't bore me. let's face it...
when i watched it being a kid, who wouldn't dream of having the power
of a terminator? like for instance when he walked in the club and the
bouncer came after him because he didn't pay, he just broke his hand
like THAT! i still think that was cool and i dreamed about being able
to do that to bullie's at school. "he, how about giving me you're lunch
money?" responding like:"how about i give YOU a knuckle sandwich
instead?" Arnold didn't have much to say in this movie but that's
probably because he didn't have to. just kick some ass to get who you
want.after all these years after it's release i can still recommend it to
everybody.
			
If you want science-fiction that pores over the complications of time
travel, then good for you. I'm perfectly happy with the stripped down
race-for-life element of the plot which pits two sympathetic good eggs
against a monolithic hulk of a structure that just keeps on coming. For
Sarah Conner it's just an outlandish nightmare that won't end, and she
goes through an understandable range of emotions: hysteria,
incredulity, anger and affection for her protector before reaching down
inside herself and finding the resolve to end her ordeal. Underscoring
the two runaways enforced adjustment to their situation is Brad
Fiedel's brilliantly relentless theme.It's set in a far darker, more nihilistic environment than its big
budget sequel, and I much prefer the hopelessness that the atmospheric
premise trades on so well.
			
this film had so much to think about. a man from the future from about
40 years time to save a woman from a terminator. it is an unbelievable
idea and the way they explain it all was fantastic. far-fetched of
course but you can bet there is no other film that can do better with
this sort of story for a very long while at least. what really makes me
think about this film is that there is a man who lead the soldiers in
the future called john conner who was unborn in the present was the son
of that one ordinary woman Sarah conner and just imagine being in her
place, you would think "this is unbelievable". there is a lot of action
a lot to explain about why a terminator and a soldier being sent from
the future.apart from the fact that this is impossible to happen, you will be very
interested from this film. also of course is that speech that will
never be forgotten "ILL BE BACK"!!!
			
This is that kind of film were everything is perfect: Plot, characters,
atmosphere, music, FX, etc... and also is that kind of film you can
watch a million times and will always be entertaining. It was perfect
in 1984, now, and will still be perfect in 30 years! The terminator is
the perfect role for Arnold. You cannot think of Arnold not attaching
him the terminator character.Sadly they made sequels for this film, and I don't think they are
better than the original. I liked the second part but there are a
couple things in T2 that do not match for me, for example how different
Sarah Connor is. All in all the second part is OK. Now with T3 they
really ruined the story in so many ways that I will not mention here.I love The Terminator and it will always be one of my favorite movies,
not only because the movie was perfect, but because it has a message
for people, about nuclear development.
			
Absolute perfection as a stand alone movie. The whole idea was
brilliant. It seemed as though they'd never run far enough! Arnold was
perfectly cast as were the rest of this cracking cast. Fear is a hard
thing to generate in a movie and this one had it in bucket loads!
Definitely one of the best science fiction films of the '80s. Arnie's
lack of dialog was a brilliant idea. His sole reasons for being there
were made obvious by this. No nonsense prattle which I believe ruins
movies. Watch the sequels to see what I mean. Fantastic movie, a must
see. The only complaint I have is why oh why were sequels made. Usually
sequels are made to enhance the original. Not so in this case. Have
only just seen the cuts which were on the bonus disc. Oh wow. They
really set it up for the sequel. Still, this is by far the best
one.....
			
James Cameron's 1984 low-budget blockbuster film The Terminator, one of
the most popular movies of the 1980's, has become an American cinematic
legend whose follow-up installments T2 and T3 continued to push the
boundaries of action, suspense, and special effects. The success of the
first film is due to many factors, primarily Cameron's cinematically
efficient illustration of a tight story that he fills with powerful and
iconic imagery frequently interspersed with dark humor.Following an ominous credit sequence perfectly paired with Brad
Fiedel's metallic 13/8 score, the scene of the garbage truck and the
dumpster immediately conveys Terminator's power and effect on its
environment. Its flaming time-travel arrival, like the detonation of a
nuclear blast, renders the truck useless and sends the terrified driver
scurrying for cover (after uttering "What the Hell--" the identical ADR
soundbite looped from his previous interior cab shot).The three punks at the Griffith Observatory are perfectly rendered.
While horsing around with a coin-op telescope, Brian Thompson's
character spots the approaching muscle-bound, completely nude
Terminator and wonders, "What's wrong with this picture?" Bill Paxton's
tire-tread facial tattoo and sneering opener "Nice night for a walk,"
and Brad Rearden's guffaw and arm tap response, are potent character
details. In T2, we learn that the T101's cpu is set to read-only since
he's out alone. However, the conclusion of this exchange seems to
display its capability as a "learning computer;" Paxton's obscene
three-word rebuke to the cyborg's clothing request was later included
in the Termo-vision response choices to the flophouse janitor's query,
"You got a dead cat in there, or what?" Arnold's flat Austrian-flavored
delivery dynamically reinforces the reality of the machine beneath the
rotting flesh, functioning as designed despite its chronically damaged
exterior. The scene in the gun shop, the deadly conclusion of which is obvious
from the worm's eye POV of Arnold's entrance, is another example of
humor and violence. After handling the AR-180, the Franchi SPAS
12-gauge auto-loader (you can go pump, or auto), the 45 long slide with
laser sighting (that's a good gun), the T101 requests a "phased plasma
rifle in a 40-watt range," to which the salesman matter-of-factly
replies, "Hey, just what you see, pal" as if he had simply asked for an
illegal weapon like a rocket launcher. Or as if a secret code word
would avail him to the shop's special selection of weaponry a la the
white supremacist's private cache in Falling Down.Rising from Kyle's first volley of blasts in the nightclub, he kicks
his firepower up a notch as he unleashes the Uzi. His deliberate,
"here-it-comes" lock'n'load is a choreographed ballet of impending
destruction, as seen from Sarah's POV. After being blown back through
the glass, he rises from the sidewalk and begins chasing Kyle and
Sarah, his pace accelerating steadily just like a machine. Or a
hyper-alloy combat chassis, tersely described by wheel-gripping,
teeth-baring Reese as "microprocessor controlled, fully armored, very
tough." He then sums it all up for a dubious Sarah: "That Terminator is
out there. It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It
doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not
stop, ever, until you are dead!" Classic.The nonchalance with which the T101 smashes the window of the station
wagon, gets in and slams the door, and sends glass flying into his hair
and face, is comical in its depiction of Terminator as a cold machine.
As he pulls up to the curb in front of the first Sarah Connor's house,
the front tire stops on and partially crushes a blue toy truck. Arnold
the destroyer. Chasing Kyle and Sarah in the tanker truck, his red eye
can be seen glowing from behind the cab's darkened windshield. He
absolutely will not stop!The overwhelming brutality of the Terminator is most clearly displayed
in the police station "I'll be back" scenes. Easily wielding the AR-180
with his right hand and the infamous Franchi auto-loader with his left,
he marches through the corridors wasting everyone he sees (17 in all),
complete with a flanged Termo-vision braaaaap! across the wall after a
fleeing cop. In Cameron's ever-increasing display of force and
destruction, Terminator wraps up the massacre by taking out detective
Vukovich with half a dozen automatic rounds AND a shotgun blast.You might notice during that police station sequence a scene where the
T101, back to the camera, swings the 12-gauge up with his left hand.
When he pulls the trigger, they foleyed in (twice) an automatic-rifle
burst instead of a shotgun blast. Another continuity issue: Reese saws
off the stock of the shotgun and loudly racks it toward the camera. He
wakes from the future-war nightmare in the car, and racks it again. No
shell ejected? Then, in the night club, he whips it out from under his
coat and does it one more time. Visual power trumps continuity. And it
is exactly that frequent insertion of forceful imagery throughout
Cameron's epic story that has made The Terminator one of the most
memorable icons of 20th-century American cinema. -Ben Strout, 2006
			
The Terminator in one of the best sci-fi films ever here is my review
of this sci-fi classic, Special effects 8/10 brilliant for the time but
now seem a little out dated. Acting 9/10 Terminator was a role built
for Arnold also good performances by Micheal Bienh and Linda Hamilton.
Action 9/10 action non stop action and non stop suspense will grip you
and keep you watching the film. Storyline 10/10 the storyline is
brilliant and gripping and inventive. The Terminator is a sci-fi
classic and is not only one of the greatest sci-fi movies out there but
is also one of the best films ever i think if you are a sci-fi fan like
me you'll love this. 10/10 grade A a must see.
			
I think that everyone must see this movie because in this day and age,
movies are not made like this. Today there is too much special effects
it's ridiculous. True this movie uses stop-motion animation but it
doesn't even come close to LOTR or Jurassic Park. Yes this movies was
made by Cameron but if you can look past that, then you will enjoy this
movie. Now this movie is not as good as two but still is a classic
hands down. This movie is even on 3 different AFI'S 100 Greatest lists.
Now there is something to think about.Now for those of how who don't know the movie, here is a summary. It is
2029 and "The Machines, Robots, or Cyborgs is mostly what they use in
this movie," they are in a war with the human race. And Skynet, the
people who build these things in factors that all look like robots,
come up with a new cyborg called "The Terminator." This new Cyborg is
made in a factory on an assembly line and they all look like Arnold
Schwarzenegger. In this movie then send one terminator back in time to
kill John Connor who is the leader of the humans. Then send him to 1984
to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) his mother. But the human also
send a solider named Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn.) Who will win Arnold or
Michael? You'll have to find out.This is a classic and I hope you see this movie real soon or if you
have, I hope you are like the movie as much as I do. Any comments
please feel free to e-mail me at directorjohn89@yahoo.com. Thank you
for you time.
			
The Terminator is an all time favorite movie of mine. No need to write
about it per say, so much as already been said over the last two
decades since its release. I was just a kid when it first came out but
it stuck it my head as being forward thinking even then. The one
improbable aspect is time travel, scarily the other sci-fi in the story
is becoming increasingly likely. A new book called "Radical Evolution"
by Joel Garreau explores various endeavors by DARPA (Goverment's
(Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) The direction that
scientists in the book are taking is one geared towards making people
more than human (Enhanced) and melding them with machine and vice
versa. A sobering and profound look at how close we may becoming to a
day of diminished humanity. Hope not, but the evidence to the contrary
is compelling.
			
This is my favourite film, it really is great man. it is basically
genius, anyone wanna say anything to me? i think that gladiator is also
a good film, that is my second favourite film. The godfather films are
also fantastic just as well as Leon and Scarface. 1. Terminator 1 & 2
2. Gladiator 3. Godfather 1 4. Scarface 5. Leon 6. The Green Mile I
think that all of these films are fantastic and if there i anybody who
thinks these are no good then you have to get your heads sorted. you
should really watch these films they are all very good and well
written, as a film critic it is vital that i share my information with
the public, this is your chance to learn from a real movie genius.
			
I loved this movie and found that it was totally believable. That was
one of the things that I liked most. They covered all the believability
issues and had plausible explanations for everything which left me
feeling as if it could some day come to pass. Great film! Arnold cast
as a cold killing machine that rarely if ever speaks was the best use
of his natural performing talent as will ever be chosen. He was simply
awesome and not cheesy at all. Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton were
also really great. The ending of this movie was fantastic. The storm
coming and the loneliness of it all for Sarah Connor. For an action
film it did not have the cheesy ending one comes to expect. Rather it
had that creepy feeling that humanity was set to begin a new dark age.
Too bad other James Cameron films have not been as raw and fun to
watch.
			
Being rather young when The Terminator was created (1984), I have grown
up in the shadow of Arnie. Pretending to be the T1000 in the playground
so that no_one could beat me. This film is most defiantly the best
thing thats ever happened in our short colorful lives!It was very brave making another sci-fi film at in this year,
considering Orwell's vision of 1984 being proved horribly wrong.
Cameron does it with ease. The special effects aren't much worse than
we can do in this day and age, and the storyline is gripping.Its not as good as the sequels though, as Arnie is a much better good
guy than an almost unstoppable baddie!Arnie's the man!And even though he plays near enough the same kind of guy every film he
does, he always makes a great film!!!
			
The first time I saw this was on VHS and my eyes were riveted to the
screen from the opening scene to the end credits. Some of the best
films I've ever seen have been directed by unproven newbies on small
budgets but with big ideas. This was John Cameron's big idea and of
course the whole movie production was tense and always pressed for
money, but the end result was one the best ever Sci Fi movies. 20 years
later and its still fun to watch. I still say "I'll be back" sometimes
in my deepest voice when I'm leaving the office.Today I just saw it in glorious commercial-free HD from HDNet. It
looked exquisite of course but I've been reading about remastering,
compression and digitizing movies so I always wonder just what it is
I'm seeing. Was it a digital transfer like the new Star Wars remasters?
Probably not. It looked pretty good but I'm betting that Dish does some
compression on HD signals, especially when they're on the Basic HD
package list like HDNet is. Even so, it'd be hard to watch that smeary
old VHS Terminator tape after seeing Ahnuld etal in High Definition!
			

Terminator 1,A killing machine and a savior soldier travel from the future both because
of one girl: Sarah Connor...the rest is history. At first she does not
believe, then she becomes chased to death by a stranger and another stranger
has vowed to give his life for her.Featuring a top form Arnold, with a scenario, plot, action scenes and visual
effects out of this world, this is a must see/have movie.Considering of course that this was in 1984 makes those facts even more
impressive.I have watched the 1st Terminator many times and I always look forward
seeing it again.
			

My favourite film of all time.
It has everything - action, sci-fi and romance, what more would you
want?
The actors are amazing:
Arnie - Shocking with his one liners;
Michael Biehn - Breath-taking - everyones hero!;
Linda Hamilton - "The mother of the future!";
Great Writer/Director and an even better producer!;
The colaboration between Gale Ann Hurd and James Cameron is breath-taking
and one of there many films that they did together,
It is also there best!
			

Terminator is my favourite movie so i LOVE IT! Movie was made so long time
ago and still it feels fresh. I cant describe how good movie is this. I
remember when I was 7 or 8 I watched this movie with such excitement. I
always liked the first more than Terminator 2 Judgement day ( That is too
one hell of a movie). I dont know single human who hasnt seen this movie
because this is action sci-fi classic. Like Special effects wizaed Stan
Winston who has workin on all T movies said: " Terminator was landmark in
movie history". Totally awesome movie. I wont starting telling you a plot
because everyone knows it. At that time it was just called B movie.
Studios
didnt think that Terminator would be such a commercial and critical hit.
It
launched James Camerons and Arnold Schwarzeneggers to sky. Cameron become
Hollywoods respect director and Arnie became actionstar. Michael Biehn and
Linda Hamilton did amazing perfomances. The movies budget was only 8
million
dollars but still movie rocks!! Of cource special effects are bit old but
it
doesnt take the pleasure of seeing this movie. Cameron is such srong and
good director that this could be made on limited budget. Buy special
edition
Dvd and I promise you will enjoy the extramaterial. James Cameron also
wrote
Arnies legendary line "Ill be back". That became Arnolds trademark in his
films. Checkout Bill Paxton in the beginning of the film as one of the
punks. In Kyles dream when Terminators attack humans shelterbase check
Stuntman and Arnolds Frien Franco Columbu as Terminator. Ultimate classic!
See it if you havent seen in it already. Terminator fans write me! "ILL
BE
BACK"
			

In the near future, a powerful computer run by SkyNet is entrusted to make
almost every computerized aspect of human life fully automated, and is in
charge of almost everything including missle defense. The computer begins to
"think" for itself and sees the human race as a threat, and decides to
attempt to wipe it out by starting a worldwide nuclear war, killing most of
the world's population. The survivors are left to fight the machines and
attempt to regain control. They are lead by a powerful man named John Connor
who teaches them to fight back against the machines whilst on the brink of
extinction. The humans almost succeed in exterminating the machines that
have kept them slaves for decades, but as a result SkyNet sends a cybernetic
organism called a terminator back in time to kill John Connor's mother
before he is even born, thus removing the threat of him altogether. John
Connor decides this cannot happen and decides to send back a soldier to the
past to protect his mother, and himself, from the terminator. The fight for
the future will be fought in the past. Man vs. machine. Sorry for that, like
it was needed.Very possibly the best action film of all time, with the exception of it's
sequel, and executed with a bunch of no name actors and a shoestring
budget...not to mention a director with almost no experience, it's an
amazing feat to say the least. It's been 20 years since it's release, and
while some special effects have aged inevitably, the effect of the movie
itself has not. Linda Hamilton, Arnold (I'm not even going to try and spell that last name),
and especially, the cult following worthy Michael Biehn for his characters
alone, all give good performances. The film has a few very minor flaws, but
is not reflective onto the enjoyment or quality factor. The action and the
story are all paced nicely, has excellent direction, the characters have are
well developed, and the overall content is quite impressive. The movie is
fairly simple, but is extremely effective. Terminator has been deemed a
classic and respectfully so. I'm sure it will provide a great movie
experience for myself and others for many years to come. The idea of a
machine sent to kill you that is all but unstoppable, without any remorse or
hesitation, is very chilling and is one of the film's main reasons for such
success. I don't need to say any more, you've seen it. Needless to say, this
film started many careers of those involved. Classic.An absolute must for any action or sci-fi fan's collection.

			

Wow, that is all I can say after watching this great film. When a director
works will very 
little, a masterpiece is born. James Cameron had very little money to make
this movie 
projected a futuristic holocaust. But with a vision and the teamwork from
William 
Wisher, Gale Ann Hurd and Stan Winston, James had a hit on his hands that
would make 
him famous. I like the isolation that the main character, Sara Connor endured throughout
this whole 
film. No one to turn to, no one believed her, so the whole system (society ,
justice 
department, even friends) was against her. The question would often come up.
How do 
you destroy a killing machine?This film is a must see for any movie watcher!!!!
			
The Terminator was one of the many films I grew up with as a child. It
was what started off my fascination with science-fiction. The aspects
of time-travel are very interesting, and in the case of this film, it
demonstrates what a fundamental impact it can have on the world
altering the events of yesterday to affect tomorrow.I imagine just about everyone in the world must have seen the
Terminator, since this is the film that launched Arnold
Schwarzenegger's film career. This is by far his best film (and
performance) when compared to some of his later films.The Terminator begins in the future, 2029 A.D. amongst the ruins of Los
Angeles. This is indeed a grim, bleak vision of the future, since there
has been a nuclear war, and a war that is currently raging between man
and machine. A sophisticated computer, Skynet, has declared war on the
human race. Ironically, Skynet was built by humans to act as a defence
for humanity. But the computer became self-aware, and decided all
people were a threat. So it began the system-wide extermination of the
human race.To carry this out, Skynet has built an army of machines to destroy
humanity. But a young man, John Connor, formed a resistance movement,
and managed to turn the war to our favour. But Skynet is not so easily
defeated. It sends a machine called a Terminator (Arnold
Schwarzenegger), back through time to 1984, to kill John's mother,
Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) before she can give birth to John.In response, the resistance sends one of their soldiers, Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn) back through time to intercept the Terminator before it
carries out its mission. Reese must protect Sarah at all costs, or
humanity's future is doomed.Arnie is perfectly cast as the Terminator (or T-101), because he
manages to give a very believable performance of a machine. He portrays
the Terminator as something that is not clouded by compassion or
feeling. Completely emotionless. He will hunt down Sarah to the ends of
the Earth if necessary to complete his deadly mission. There is a great
scene when Reese is describing to Sarah what it is they're up against:"Listen, and understand. That Terminator is out there. It can't be
bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or
remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop. Ever. Until you are
dead."Arnie is utterly without mercy, tracking down Sarah with total
efficiency and clinical detachment. He murders people left, right and
centre in his pursuit of Sarah. He allows nothing to stand in his way.
Probably the scariest aspect to Arnie's character is he is not evil. He
is just doing what he has been programmed to do. If that means
committing unspeakable acts to complete his mission, then so be it.The film is extremely suspenseful, as the Terminator cuts a swathe of
destruction in pursuit of Sarah. One of the best scenes is when Sarah
is in a police station, and the Terminator just barges right in and
kills nearly 20 policemen. This is a brilliant example of how
single-minded the Terminator is. That scene alone was probably
influenced by Assault on Precinct 13, but still the scene is a moment
of shocking intensity.Both Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton put in good performances. Sarah's
character shows a great deal of evolution in this film. At first, she
is a slightly scatty waitress. But when told she is the mother of the
future, her experiences harden her until she becomes a brave soldier in
the face of adversity. The stunning climax really shows how far she has
come from her introduction at the beginning of the film.Michael Biehn's performance is pretty good, because the audience is not
really sure what to make of him at first. The script constantly keeps
you guessing, and for all we know, Reese might be the bad guy too. He's
got a good chemistry with Linda Hamilton, and we get to see his world
through his eyes. The scenes of war-torn L.A. are good, and shows the
constant struggle humanity must contend with against the machines they
created in the first place.Because this was James Cameron's first feature film, it has a rather
modest budget when compared to the other two films. Wisely, Cameron
uses suspense to keep the audience hooked. Some of the chase scenes are
helped no end by the pounding music from composer Brad Fiedel. They
feel even more gripping, and send chills down my spine. Admittedly, the FX have dated considerably. E.g. the scene when Arnie
must remove one of his human eyes. Other technologies like CGI were
only in their infancy at this stage. But still, the endoskeleton looks
very impressive, and still scares me at the film's finale.There is a very interesting paradox involving Sarah's son, but for
those who haven't seen the film, I won't reveal it. Some of the science
seems rather nonsensical, but when talking about time-travel, there are
lots of unanswered questions. The paradox is explained further in the
other two films, so you may not completely understand the paradox until
you've seen all the films in the trilogy.The film that introduced Arnie's catchphrase "I'll be back" has never
sounded better then in this film. Arnie's movements, mannerisms are all
perfect. Everything about this film is superb, and is the best of the
Terminator trilogy. From the great beginning and that theme music, to
the shocking outcome. It constantly keeps you guessing, and hits you
right between the eyes with all of the intensity of an unrelenting
nightmare.Simply marvellous.
			

Not only is 'The Terminator' one of the best sci-fi films ever made, it is
also stands among the best films ever made.  It revolutionized the sci-fi
genre and paved the way for countless clones (Universal Soldier, etc...)
that could never even come close to matching the greatness of this film. 
Even nowadays where we have better special effects and technology, 'The
Terminator' has not lost its edge. (10/10)
			

Moved from another accountIn The Terminator' James Cameron created a multi-generic classic will stand
the test of time. The special effects may look a bit lame in comparison to
today's CGI trickery but this film goes so much further than action. The
raw, horror movie like atmosphere gives it an edge that not many films of
this genre have, the low budget probably played a part in this. It only goes
to make the T-101's stalking of Sarah and Kyle more tense. The plot is good,
although the following sequels and time-travelling elements would make it
even more complex and at times confusing. Cameron's vision of a world at war
with machines may be far fetched(we need to exercise our imagination don't
we), but these times of technology make the concept slightly more realistic
and therefore, scary. The direction is good, Cameron's camera work is good, but it is the way he
directs Arnold that impresses most. In this film in particular Arnie is
exemplary as the machine, in the parking lot scene he scans the area like a
surveillance camera. Also his speech and movement is almost perfectly robot
like (more so than his regular acting, ooops!). In T3 there are
inconsistencies in Arnie's performance, they may or may not be due to
Cameron's absence but on several occasions he either speaks or moves in a
much more human manner. The rest of the cast is good, but Linda Hamiltion's portrayal of Sarah
Conner's transformation from the nervous wreck we see in the restaurant to
the strong, warrior, mother of the future', at the end. It is her courage
and by the end, belief that makes her survive and defeat the T-101. Michael
Beihn's performance is honest, if not great, and the romance between Sarah
and Kyle maybe gets a bit cheesey when he confesses to have 'crossed time
time for you Sarah', but that is one of only a few gripes.More praise is due for Brad Fiedel's musical score which has a very poignant
mood. Its haunting tones make it one of the best themes in modern Hollywood
cinema10/10

			
James Cameron's best, most original piece of work. Forget T2: Judgment
Day
(actually, it's great sequel to this great original), Titanic etc. The
Terminator started it all, long before Cameron was sailing with Leonardo
DiCaprio on that stupid love-boat. Forget every other Schwarzenegger
movie,
this one started it all. Arnold's best work yet! He was brilliant as this
walking hunk of machinery, why? Because that's what he seems to be; a
monstorous, mechanincal tyrant, a cold blooded killer. Michael Biehn
defined
the phrase "action star." He play Sgt. Kyle Reese like a flute, note for
note. He plays his character with emotion, energy and depth, much better
than most Hollywood "action stars." Linda Hamilton as Sarah Connor was
just
fine, I didn't find anything about her performance dazzling, but it was
good. This movie is called The Terminator, but the stars of it are Reese
and
Connor. Without Reese, there was no story to the events taking place,
without him, we'd have no idea about what was going on. And, like most
movies, this one is about a girl, Sarah Connor, once the girl next door,
a
simple college student and part time waitress, who becomes wrapped up in
the
future in the making. Story summary:
In the year 2029, machines, that humans built to serve them, have taken
over, and now the humans either serve them, or fight against them. The
leader of a Resistance force, John Connor, learns of the machines devious
plot to kill him. The machines; Skynet, will send back their ultimate
weapon; a highly advanced, cold-blooded killing machine, a Terminator.
Skynet will send back a Terminator (Schwazenegger) to the year 1984, nine
months before John Connor would be born, by killing his mother. John
sends
back the first volunteer to 1984 to protect her, Sgt. Kyle Reese. With
Reese
to protect her, teach her, and guide her, Sarah Connor must survive this
ordeal, or the human race is doomed. The odds are not good, Reese with no
modern weapons or help must protect Sarah, or die trying.Intelligent, original, and insightful film that would remain a classic to
date. I rate it 9 out of 10 for a great story, wonderful acting, and
superb
directing. A good start for the up and coming James Cameron, the maker of
Titanic-woopty friggin' doo, Titanic-Schmranic, The Terminator is without
a
doubt, much better.
			

Although it's flashier, overrated (though still great) sequel gets more
credit, any true fan knows that this one is the masterpiece.  Linda
Hamilton
and Michael Biehn have amazing chemistry and give fantastic performances.
James Cameron's direction is flawless, his script is truly inspired.  All
the action sequences are handled so magnificently that it's hard to
believe
Cameron was a first time director.  The slo-mo build up in the night club
scene is by far one of the tensest moments in the history of cinema.  His
handling of the love story is amazing.  The story, which upon an initial
casual first viewing, may seem simple, is actually one of the most complex
and well layered stories that has ever been written.  And of course, what
would a review of this work of genius be without discussing the man to
whom
the film owes its identity, Arnold? He is flawless, his movements are so
perfectly robotic, his limited facial expressions are chilling.  And with
two of the most quotable lines in all of film (I'll be back and get out),
he
carves an absolutely classic character.  This against type performance
which
made him a star is his best work by a mile.  It makes me wish he'd play a
villain again.  Many people have seen T2 but not T1, well what the hell
are
you sitting around reading this review for? get out there and buy this
work
of genius right now.
			

In The Terminator' James Cameron created a multi-generic classic will stand
the test of time.  The special effects may look a bit lame in comparison to
today's CGI trickery but this film goes so much further than action.  The
raw, horror movie like atmosphere gives it an edge that not many films of
this genre have, the low budget probably played a part in this.  It only
goes to make the T-101's stalking of Sarah and Kyle more tense.  The plot is
good, the following sequels and time-travelling would make it even more
complex and at times confusing.  Cameron's vision of a world at war with
machines may be far fetched(we need to exercise our imagination don't we),
but these times of technology make the concept slightly more realistic and
therefore, scary.  The direction is good, Cameron's camera work is good, but it is the way he
directs Arnold that impresses most.  In this film in particular Arnie is
exemplary as the machine, in the parking lot scene he scans the area like a
surveillance camera.  Also his speech and movement is almost perfectly robot
like (more so than his regular acting, ooops!).  In T3 there are
inconsistencies in Arnie's performance, they may or may not be due to
Cameron's absence but on several occasions he either speaks or moves in a
much more human manner.  The rest of the cast is good, but the stand out is Linda Hamiltion's
portrayal of Sarah Conner's transformation from the nervous wreck we see in
the restaurant to the strong, warrior, mother of the future', at the end. 
It is her courage and by the end, belief that makes her survive and defeat
the T-101.More praise is due for Brad Fiedel's musical score which has a very poignant
mood. Its haunting tones make it one of the best themes I've heard.10/10

			

I've seen this film a number of times and I never get tired of it. When I
first saw it and checked the year of the film and saw it to be 1984 I was
gobsmacked and I thought to myself. "Woah this film is seriously ahead of
its time." And it truly was.
The plot itself has everything action, love, suspense, emotion and a
great
ending. The acting is first class aswell with superb displays from Linda
Hamilton as Sarah Connor, Michael Bhien as Kyle Reese and of course Arnold
Schwarzenegger as the Terminator which began an oddessy of action films
for
the Austrian star.
As for the storyline its out of this world and is surely Cameron's
brainchild. As for the premise Kyle Reese and the Terminator have been
sent
from the future with two different objectives, the terminator's is to kill
Sarah Connor so that her unborn, unconcieved son John Connor never sees
light of day. Reese's is to protect Sarah from the Terminator. Who is John
Connor? John Connor is the leader of a human resistance that fights
against
an uprising by enhanced machines after a nuclear bomb launched onto
LA.
So overall the best movie of the 80's by far and always will be a classic
so I give this a 10/10 sheer genius. 
			
In the battle between The Terminator and Terminator 2, the original
often loses out. This is unfair. I have seen both films more times than
is good for me and I rank the original as being far superior. The
second one feels very Hollywood, like it was made by a bunch of
businessmen. The first one was done for no reason other than to make a
great film. This is refreshing in this day and age, and the film
carries it off perfectly.Most of the reasons for its derision are unfair.First reason: "It is low budget, consequently with bad special
effects". Personally, I like the special effects. I like stop motion
animation. I like good model work-and the model work is exceptional.Second reason: "Not enough action scenes." There are less action scenes
than T2, I admit. But T2 seems to hinge on action scenes, which are
hugely overblown and excessive. T1 has one great centrepiece-the police
station massacre. This action scene is simple, unpretentious, and
utterly utterly spellbinding.Third reason: "It is very 80s, and looks dated". It is dated, yes, but
this does not work against it in the way that it does for, say, "The
Lost Boys". It features ordinary people of that period-not EVERYONE
wore excessively ridiculous clothes and styles. Also, the music is
actually very good. I am not a fan of 80s music, but this is actually
great-the Terminator theme song here is better than anywhere
else-mournful and haunting, not melodramatically orchestral like in T2.Special mention #1 mention must go to the scenes set in the future.
These are brilliant, oozing with atmosphere. In T2 the human fighters
are a tightly regimented band of marines running around in uniforms.
Here they are dressed in rags, living in holes in the ground, and
eating rats. The effect is startling and scary, and the grainy nature
of the picture works well.Special mention #2 goes to Arnold Schwarzenegger. His performance is
fantastic, and is what makes the film so great. His utter lack of
emotion is the key; in the sequels the Terminators occasionally showed
flashes of emotion, to their detriment, but here he is totally inhuman.
This purist approach, which includes giving him only a handful of
lines, actually makes the one hint of him being something other than a
monster (when he smooths down his hair) work well.His lines are excellent, and not at all cheesy-even the infamous "I'll
be back." When this was written it was not a cheesy catchphrase, just
another line that works well in the context of the scene-and it shows.
It BECAME cheesy when it was used in every film Scwarzenegger made over
the next fifteen years.I hope when you see it you recognise that almost all of the criticism
levelled against it is unfair. If you have a piece of criticism that
you think it deserves, let me know.P.S, It sounds like I don't like T2. I like it very much, but it gains
more praise than perhaps it deserves compared to the original.
			

Most of the comments on imdb have had nothing but high praise for this
genuine classic of the sci-fi genre. In fact most of them put it better
than
i ever could. The film that was a best for cameron (arguably), arnie and
linda hamilton becomes scarier every year. As scientific research
progresses
to create 'robots' that can think, learn and act individually, Cameron's
vision could turn out to be prophetic. Having said that, the events in
'The
Terminator' would really be worse case scenario, but the warnings are
there!It would have been easy for an idea like this to have been poorly
executed,
however cameron's direction is good, the casting of arnie as the
terminator
was genius (he initially wanted OJ Simpson or Lance Henricksen to play
the
terminator), Hamilton portrays Sarah Connor's transformation from a
bumbly
young woman to a strong warrior very well. Michael Beihn isnt the best
actor
in the world but he's ok here(i actually thought he was better in
aliens).
Add this to a very raw and scary atmosphere and some great action
sequences
and the result is the terminator!10 out of 10
			

I first saw Terminator when was a kid (way under 18 years oldwhich was the certificate at the time) because it was the film tosee. When we were 8 years old this was our equivalent of a videonasty and when my mother found out I'd seen it she went berserk!Of course, anyone who's seen it and appreciated it will understandthat it's far from nasty and in fact isn't very violent at all consideringthat most of the violence is carried out against a machine.Nowadays I still regard this as a 'must-see' film but for completelydifferent reasons.Until recently I looked at the IMDb top 250 films and wondered whythis was rated so highly. I liked it, but didn't think it deserved to bein the top 250 films at all. Now I look at it and think it should behigher. The story behind The Terminator is excellent, and theaction scenes that go along with it are breathtaking. There are somany moments of high tension in this film you will definitely not beable to look away from the screen. I'm very rarely scared for acharacter's life in films, but there are some moments in this whereI seriously think James Cameron is going to kill one of them offunexpectedly. A lot of scenes are very powerful too, probablybecause of the musical score which has stuck with the seriesthrough to the new T3 (at least I have gathered that from thetrailer). The acting is top class too, and I find it hard to believe thatSchwarzenegger was original cast as Kyle Reese, the good guy,when he is so perfect in his role as The Terminator. No one couldhave fulfilled the role better than Arnie!As I've said, this film needs to introduction as I'm sure mostpeople have heard of it, but those who haven't seen it should do somost definitely. It's not just a Schwarzenegger action flick, it's abrilliant powerful sci-fi too, and should be seen by all film
fans.
			

Arnold Schwarzenegger makes an imposing presence as a cyborg sent back in
time to terminate Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) to change history, Kyle
Reese (Michael Biehn) is a soldier from the future sent to thwart
Schwarzenegger's plans. The Terminator is a movie that defined the term
Sci-Fi/Action movie , this classic is so well put together that it's scary,
indeed for a 7 million dollar movie this is quite an impressive feat. Even
though it spawned a worthwhile sequel, this one gets by just on raw energy
as well as first rate acting where as the sequel relied on special effects
to tell the story. Overall The Terminator is a movie that should not ever be
missed.
			

James Cameron deserves a lot of credit or hatching this incredible story and
brilliant idea!  This is one of the best told sci-fi/action stories out
there.  The action never stops, the story makes complete sense, the acting
is great, the special effects are top-notch (given the year that it was
made) and the make-up effects / creature designs are phenomenal.All of the actors involved pull off fantastic performances.  Particularly
Arnold Schwarzenegger (although he has VERY few lines in the film), Michael
Biehn, Linda Hamilton, Paul Winfield and Lance Henriksen.  Also, keep a
watchful eye for Bill Paxton in the beginning of the film, as one of the
punks that has a rendezvous with The Terminator.The special effects and make-up effects are outstanding, given that the film
was made back in 1984.  By todays standards some of the effects aren't very
impressive and at a few times they're actually rather silly looking, but
nonetheless well done.  But there are a few times that are just as good as
today's special effects and are simply jaw-dropping.The only complaint I have about the film is the music at a few points in the
film.  It's not really that bad, it just brands the film as an OBVIOUS 80's
film.As I mentioned, the story is just spectacular and told perfectly well.  The
story fluidly unfolds from scene to scene and definitely keeps your
attention.  If you are one of the few people out there that hasn't seen this
film and likes science fiction movies, you should DEFINITELY check this film
out, there's something for everyone in this film.  Although, be warned that
this NOT a film for children, it definitely has an R rating for a reason. 
Do yourself a favor and go see this film, I hope you enjoy it.  Thanks for
reading.-LebowskiT1000
			

Science fiction succeeds when it combines technical achievements with a
human dimension.  THE TERMINATOR is one of the greatest films ever to hit
the big screen, mainly for this reason.  The hero is ostensibly John Connor,
a man who will later becoem the savior of mankind.  But in this story, he
isn't even born yet - machines rule the world in 2029, and are fighting a
losing battle against human rebels, led by Connor.  They hatch a plot to
send a killing machine back in time, to kill Sarah Connor, John's
mother.The human rebels manage to send a human hero back (his name is Kyle Reese),
to stop the machine known as "The Terminator" - and what follows is a
powerful action film, and a poignant love story, as Sarah and her savior
fall in love.***In the original casting of the film, the hero's role was supposed to go to
Arnold Schwarzenegger, while the "Terminator" itself was supposed to be
played by Lance Henriksen, an excellent character actor who has appeared in
films like ALIEN and THE HUNTED.The Terminator was originally conceived to be more an "infiltration unit,"
one that would not stand out in common society.  (In fact, reference is made
to this in the film itself - Kyle Reese cannot identify the Terminator until
it actually attempted to assassinate Sarah.)Cameron and Schwarzenegger eventually decided to put Arnold int othe role of
the Terminator, and Michael Biehn was broguht in to play
Reese.***Schwarzenegger's greatest successes as a movie star have come in roles where
his physical and vocal characteristics are consistent with the character. 
(Think CONAN, TRUE LIES and TOTAL RECALL.)  Here, he is perfectly cast as a
brutal, remorseless, emotion-less killing machine - the straight man in a
human drama.Schwarzenegger is chilling as the futuristic cyborg who kills without fear,
without love, without mercy, and this roel cemented him as the pre-eminent
action star of our time.
			

The Terminator is now a days a film that people judge there thrills with.
After they've walked out of the theater from seing a thriller, they compare
it to this one. The Terminator took the Thriller genre to an even bigger
height, the Terminator to Science Fiction to a bigger height, The Terminator
took cinema to a bigger height. These kind of movies started out with Alien
(when I mean these kind of movies, I mean Science Fiction Thrillers, with a
whole bunch of guns, not like Invasion of The Body Snatchers) went to The
Thing, and then came The Terminator. The Terminator changed cinema by the
stunning special effects, the tremendous plot, and story that can't get
better, the creative villian that won't stop till he kills. Also in most
Science Fiction films you don't have much romance, in this one you do. This
also continued with a woman being the heroe in a Science Fiction film,
before Alien (the movie that kind of started for woman being heroes in
Science Fiction films)there wasn't a lot. The Terminator also like Alien,
kept you guessing till the end, thinking is he going to get killed now, or
who will get killed. Other compliments for the film are the acting, which is
tremendous, Arnold Schwarzenegger makes you really fell that the villian is
really bad, he makes a good job of playing a computer. Linda Hamilton is
excellent because she does a great job of being scared. The writing is
great, this film created a line that everybody knowes: "I'll be back," one
of the most famous lines, right up there with "Bond, James Bond." If you
haven't seen this film, and you love shooting, and Science Fiction, then I
suggest you rent this one. Out of four stars, it's a definite ****. I'll be
back.
			
"The Terminator" is James Cameron's big hit that still isn't surpassed.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was better as an evil terminator (comparing with
the sequel). Here he makes his best performance ever and I don't know
if anybody could have done it better, the way he performs the creature
without emotions. Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn are also excellent
as Sarah and Kyle."The Terminator" is one of those movies who has a great first scene and
a great end, which is always important for me. It is sometimes the
difference between a 9 and 10 in my rating.Now, more than 25 years later, even with these old "special effects",
"The Terminator" remains a classic with it's intense action scenes,
excellent plot and superb direction.Rating: 10 of 10.
			

I first saw this movie at cinema. It was one of the best films i have ever
seen in my entire life. I remember seeing Michael Biehn for the first
time.
I fell in love with him. The love scene between him and Linda Hamilton was
awesome. I could feel the love and passion between them. At the end of the
film i sat down and cried... I still cry whenever i watch it...
(Terminator
2 is very good also).
What i dont like is some people say that its just a action movie. But i
think it gives important messages to everybody. In year the 2003, the
world
is in a big chaos as we all know. A world war like in the movie is not so
impossible maybe. And technology captures the world... We feel lost
without
technology. I think it is a warning for what might have happen in
future...

			

Before The Terminator was launched in the cinema's, science-fiction was
always the same: people floating around in space in their spaceships,
discovering new planets with evil aliens, and the brave, heroic astronauts
of course win all the battles. All these movies like: Star Trek, Star
Wars,
Battle Star Galactica, etc. started really to bore the people. Of course
Star Trek and Star Wars were pretty cool, but after those movies, the
rip-off sci-fi started. Until 1984. This year was an important year for
the
science-fiction, because this is the story: in 2029 the world is in hands
of
the machines, which are raised out of the nuclear mess after the Nuclear
War. But the machines are almost defeated by mankind, thanks to their
leader
John Connor. But the machines sent a advanced cyborg back to 1984 to kill
the mother of this leader: Sarah Connor. The humans sent also a fighter
back
to protect sarah and make sure that John Connor will be born.Nobody could ever make a science-fiction with a story like this, but after
The Terminator, there came a lot of movies like this. Movies like: Cyborg,
Timecop and many more. Another important thing of The Terminator are the
actors. In The Terminator are exactly the right actors chosen and so is
the
music. This all together makes The Terminator a classic sci-fi movie

			

I've seen every Arnold film, and this is still my favorite.  Groundbreaking
story and makeup effects. Vivid music score. Satisfying performances.Arnold is the T-800, a cyborg sent back in time to kill the future mother of
an important war figure.  Kyle Reese was also sent back in time, to stop the
T-800!!Many people love the even greater effects of the sequel and enjoy that one
more.  But I believe sometimes less is more, and this being such a fresh
story is unbeatable.I'm looking very forward to Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines this
July.I'll Be Back!***1/2/****
			

This movie delivers at all aspects. James Cameron real first feature film,
considered by some his best work. The Terminator is about a future
holocaust
war that events on 2029, when the machines rises and only one man can save
the human resistance...John Connor. Two people are sent to the present
(1984) Kyle Reese, a future war soldier sent to protect Sarah Connor, the
mother of the future, and the second is THE TERMINATOR. A human cyborg
will
human flesh, blood, hair, ever characteristic for humans.The movie is intense, riveting, adrenaline rush! Arnold Swarzenegger is
perfectly cast as the human killing machine. The movie is also very
touching
with the relationship of Sarah Connor and Kyle Reese. Highly recommended
for
any viewer. 10/10  
			

Don't let anybody tell you that this movie is bad or there's terrible
acting
in it because there just jealous their favorite movie isn't as good as this
sci-fi/action masterpiece.  This movie sparked one sequel that is my
favorite movie of all time, so if you haven't seen this than get up go to
blockbuster and rent it because you won't be disappointed.I give it * * * * out of * * * *Also recommend: Terminator 2, Terminator 2: 3D, Predator, The Running
Man
			

This film is a sci-fi classic.  The story is about time lines and how one
event affects another.  This film is great.  I like the idea of the machines
and if you watch closely, one sees Arnold's movements become mechanical,
especially in the bar scene.  I heard the idea came from and old Outer
Limits episode, from the early 60's, starring Lenord Neymod (Spock) as the
robot. In the end, the circle is complete and the flashbacks, or flash
forward melt into the present. This film is a classic, and watch for the
cameo appearance of Bill Paxton.
			
I can not say that he was, so to say, "grown" in this movie. Net. But I
remember perfectly, as requested by his or her parents to allow me to
see him. As they agreed, but only on condition that I have a good
night's rest day because the film was shown late at night. Remember, as
I discuss every minute detail of this film. What's surprising is the
same, and I can say about the second part of the film. Therefore, do
not be surprised to find exactly the same comment. Well, what else to
add? That this film was good and challenging? So it is and so everybody
knows. What he is the originator of "downsizing brains" whole
generation. It is already known to me. To that ... that... that ... it
is endless. But it's best to describe the movie will be like: a Movie,
with a capital letter. This film aware of the existence of which should
be educated to all people of our planet. More nothing to add.
			
This is that film had been rated "b" became truly legendary and cult
work. Many years ago people had made right choice and film graded from
"b" to "a". Many people can say that same ideas used before
"Terminator" - and they are right. But what James Cameron had showed
people in this film? "Terminator" was more complex than many earliest
works of different directors and writers. Cameron did quintessence of
many ideas, and, i think, combined it with his own vision. Thing, that
no one never did it before in one before. And finally, we have that
great film "THE TERMINATOR" When i was younger, i liked this film for it's idea, visual style,
adrenaline action and for many other reasons. But since that time i've
been re-watching the film so many times (about 200), so today i find it
more complex and smart movie. More than that, i can really say that
this film is true sci-fi classic of all time. This movie is real
timeless for elder an young generations of people. So many people all
over the world (especialy) love it like me, someone more than that and
had several DVD editions.
			
Back when I was maybe 12 years old before I had seen that many movies,
I watched The Terminator and immediately declared it was my favorite
movie of all time. The film is still excellent. It is a clever, thought
provoking, suspense action thriller. It is a Science Fiction fans
dream. No sugar coating, not too many touching moments, just a bad ass
cyborg trying to find and kill a woman. The Terminator is just a very
cool movie...the acting is very on spot, and the special effects aren't
half bad for their time.This film is dark...but what do you expect? 10/10.
			
This was a film set before Arnold Schwarzenegger hit the big time,
however we can see from his performance in this that it was well
deserved. This was one of SChwarzenegger's rare performances as a
villain and it was played brilliantly. This film was very low-budget
however with the superb performances by Schwarzenegger, Biehn and
Hamilton and the classy and stylish directing by James Cameron (A
enormous career booster) this film becomes an instant classic. The film opens with a glimpse at the way the world has become in the
year 2029 with all of Los Angeles being a nuclear mess run by the
highly sophisticated machines known as terminators. The audience is the
shifted back to 1984 where both the terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger)
and Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) have been sent back through time. The
Terminator is a bad-ass with a 'serious attitude problem' who
approaches a couple of punks, beats them up and takes their clothes.
Reese however finds it less easy to acquire some decent clothing, being
chased by a couple of suspicious cops through an alley-way. Reese soon
steals a gun off a cop and gets his clothes from a department store
(with the pants being stolen by a destitute drunk). The next day, the
Terminator and Reese go their separate ways, the terminator stealing
several automatic weapons and looking up every "Sarah Connor" in the
phone book, ready to do whatever it takes to kill all of them, only one
being significant. Meanwhile, Reese is perfecting his gun, ready to
protect the 3rd "Sarah J. Connor" from this terminator. After the
terminator has killed the first two Connors he goes to kill the 3rd who
fortunately has gone out for the evening. Sarah later realizes she is
being followed by Reese and ducks into the nearest nightclub, 'tech
noir' trying to blend into the crowd. Unfortunately this isn't even
enough to stop the terminator and she is spotted. Reese also spots the
terminator, blows him out a glass window and the two make a run for it.
Non-stop action here on. This is very impressive for such a small
budget, especially with some of the very impressive visual effects.
Like most sci-fi films of this genre, it alludes to other works and was
successfully sued by author Harlan Ellison for chunks being taken from
two of his episodes of "The Outer Limits" in the 1960's. That however
doesn't diminish this masterpiece. A notable performance by
Schwarzenegger. Biehn shouldn't be forgotten either for his role as
Reese with his superb acting skills and most significant character to
the plot. 5/5
			
I was very young when i first watched The Terminator (some might say
too young), But as a kid whats cooler than a huge built robot guy
cruising around on a Harley Davidson in full leathers with a sawn off
shotgun. Nothing, thats what!.I remember seeing it shortly after seeing my first Arnold movie "Conan
The Barbarian". It's the kind of movie you have to watch for the first
time back in the day to truly appreciate it, as kids or even adults
watching it for the first time today would probably see it as just low
budget and tacky if they have been introduced to the series with the
likes terminator 3.The Terminator & T2 Judgement Day, will remain in my top 20 list until
the day i die, most movies don't come close to there sheer greatness.10/10
			
normally i don't seen movies were a sold-out actor like Arnlod
Swarchomaguer, as fade in, but I'm don't have anything to make and i
seen this picture when I'm get lazy and i have to seen that I'm enjoyed
the movie and for much it's the masterpiece of James Cmaeron because
''Titanic'' was a sh*t , here all as good, te screenplay are brilliant
also the ac tings and the direction and the photography and the editing
are excellent make it for been the reason for the Arnold Scarmeguezar
as sold out like Sylvester Stallone whit ''Rocky'' but in difference
whit Sylverster, Schartermaguer as the trilogy are very good and whit
Stallone just the one as good the rest are sh*t
			
Well, what can I say. Simply the greatest action movie ever, and I've
seen a LOT of them. I prefer it to T2, and any other Cameron film to that matter. It has
more solid "mood" to it than T2, less commercial "Terminator Action
Figure" -like. Harder, colder, bleak, dark and still full of emotion. I
like the blue greenish color palette. I love the intensity and
cohesiveness of the visuals. There's nothing to add, every frame
counts. A brilliant plot, I like how the story unfolds during chase
scenes. The story moves like a freight train. No scene could have been
left out. Every shot and every line is perfect. Michael Biehn is great
as a passionate soldier, who has seen no peace. He is always good as a
soldier. I like so many things about it better than T2, which is also great
sci-fi / action movie. Music is great, especially in the scene where
Sarah and Reese escape from the police station. Gives me the chills
every time. Also love the two 80's songs playing in the Tech Noir
-club. Yeah, it's 80's movie and hair styles would make you laugh in any other
movie. But in this one, they don't bother me. They are the only thing
goofy about the film. Even Arnie fits the role. Terminator scanning
environment while driving the police car, with burned eyebrows - great
scene. Looks really machine -like. People always whine about the terminator FX in the final scenes. Why?
They look great. Especially the closeup shots, scary stuff. The music
is also awesome in this part, when Terminator lifts the door off for
example... I love it, music goes hand in hand with every frame. Few
sci-fi monsters look scary, but T-800 looks scary, the bleak stare and
forever grinning teeth. Also, the movie is clever. It has something to say. About nukes and
technology spreading everywhere. The time travel element in a plot
always causes plot holes, 'cos time traveling is a paradox. In every
time traveling movie there's plot holes, Terminator hides them well
enough for a action flick.
			
Intelligent Target Aqusition programs take over software development
for human systems. The Machines due to the discovery of their language
and artificial intelligence lay the foundation with how the future of
machines and humans will interact. Defense Advanced Research Projects
Agency (DARPA) begins to bring machines on-line for human termination
involving the Neural Network Study. When license agreements for the
intellectual property of man is deemed more necessary for machines for
the destruction of humans this film becomes a reality.The infra-red targeting system of the Terminator seems a basic example
of the above mentioned. Super alloy frame seems slightly futuristic
since power to weight ratios have yet to be compensated by known
mechanical design. But, he looks cool.
			
I have to confirm that TERMINATOR is my favorite movie. It is just
perfect.I have seen it first when I had 3 years and i still remember
that moment. Story is unique and beautiful and it really can't be
compared with movies like MATRIX because it is much better. Atmosphere
is dark and scary. There are not many action scenes,like todays
blockbusters, but there are wonderfully made. SCHWARZNEGGER is
brilliant in his role,and he makes TERMINATOR character one of the most
scaring characters in movie history. JAMES CAMEROON did excellent job,
and he really deserves a title of the best today's directors.THE BEST
			
i wont write up the story due to the fact its on the main page..I love
this movie i think its bar far the best of the three and have seen it
many times, i also own the new remastered DVD and noticed some of the
gunshot sounds have been changed and think that they sound awful and
don't match the weapon whatsoever i personally think they sounded
better originally my friend who also owns this said the very same thing
to me, and i think most people will agree i wonder who was responsible
for it because they want shooting! i think this is Arnold's best role
just due to the way he acts " very robotic" and suits the role
perfectly and couldn't see it played by any other actor. Michael beihn
who is also known for choosing not to play the main as he plays such a
good part is awesome in this movie and i have looked for him in many
other movies due to his performance in this, which is also brilliant in
aliens, another favourite movie of mine....terminator two was also very
good because it has the right kind of humour in it, whereas when i
watch the third instalment i think of it as "seperate" from the other
two as you cant take it seriously and i think that really spoils what
could have been a slightly better movie, shame Cameron's didn't direct!
a great movie that is definitely worth owning,
			
I remember going to this movie thinking it would put me to sleep. After
all, back then Arnold was just a muscle guy who had made Pumping Iron
and then the not too good, Conan the Barbarian. Boy was I wrong! This
movie hooked me from the opening scene and even Arnold's stiff sounding
dialogue was perfect for the cyborg he was playing! The chase scenes
and narrow escapes had my heart pounding throughout the film! There
were many scenes in this film that were firsts for movies such as
Arnold removing a damaged robotic eyeball, seeing how the robot mind
decided on what dialogue to say and having a robot disguise their voice
to sound exactly like a dead human! The other Terminator films may have
had the computer enhanced special effects, but they could not match the
storyline of this action/SciFi classic that is probably the best all
time of its genre!
			

Arnold in his best role ever!!!  T2, forget about it.  No special effects
and the villain is lame, just can't compare the two because T1 is in a
different league of its own.  Arnolds best performance equals Arnolds best
movie, period!!
			

I remember seeing the terminator as i saw it after 1984, I remember the
whole story. This was set in 1984, as Sarah Connor was targeted to be
terminatored by the T-800 (The Terminator) John Connor from the future was
fighting against the sky net as he was unborn at the time in 1984, he didn't
excist until 1985, Sarah Connor crushed the Terminator and got on with her
life and looking forward for the arrival of John Connor.
			
I'm a terminator fan this is one of my favorite terminators its my 2nd
amazing and addictive.the terminator has thrills action and good story
telling.the story is about in the year of 2028 a an advance cybernetic
robot from the future has to kill Sarah Connor and Kyle Reese has to
stop it from killing Sarah to save the future.the film gets scary at
some bits and i wish that they had space guns that would make it Even
more cool but at least there's got the action.also the terminator is
played very well by Arnold Schwarzenegger and also well played by Linda
Hamilton and kyle Reese played by Micheal i cant spell his second name
tho really good but Arnold was the best in this film overall this is a
brilliant film 10/10
			

There`s not much unsaid about THE TERMINATOR since everyone`s mentioned it
being the best genre film of the 80`s though no one seems to have spotted a
couple of minor plot holes...
1 ) Reese mention`s he was born after the holocaust , but he`s able to drive
a car no problem. Seems the machines of the future will still allow humans
driving lessons . That`s kind of them
2 ) Reese has his hands cuffed behind his back. Even if he gets the keys for
the handcuffs how is he able to unlock them on his own
?But apart from that there`s little to criticize. Arnie has never given a
better performance , Michael Biehn comes across very well as the all
American hero and amazingly never became a major Hollywood star , and James
Cameron shows what can be done on a relatively small budget. Does anyone
feel that Cameron should have stuck to this type of film making
?
			

Great ideas are made for great moviesand James Cameron's `the Terminator'
is an all-time classic. The plot is one immense paradox and you either love
or hate the ultra-apocalyptic and sadistic theme of this film. But, even
when you completely loathe the premise, you'll still always have to admit
that The Terminator is one of the most imaginative scripts ever written. Dig
this: the futuristic rulers of the world anno 2029 send back a robot in
time, to the year 1984, with only one goal. Kill the mother of the great
future freedom fighter before he's even born. And the father of this great
hero is a soldier, sent after the cyborg, to prevent him from fulfilling his
mission. If this isn't ingenious, nothing is! And, above this, The
Terminator is a very diverse film as well. It's a shocking thriller (the
hunt for Sarah Connor) as well as a dared, intense drama (the huge load of
innocent victims). And with compelling horror moments as well! The film is
purely brilliant and Arnold finally gets to play the role he was born for.
The Terminator is a triumph for the low-budget film industry and one of the
most essential movies of all times. A must for all kind of cinema admirers.

			
There are those who believe in fate, and the smallest decisions and
actions could determine a person's whole future, well imagine what
would happen if the future came to you, a fantastically inventive idea
from director James Cameron (Aliens, Titanic). It is 1984, and from a
flash comes the human looking machine (cyborg) from the future, 2029,
called the Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger). This machine is on a
mission to kill a woman who is key to what could help the future, Sarah
Connor (Linda Hamilton), and the only man she can count on who knows
most about this future is Kyle Reese (Michael Beihn), who also came
from it. He tells her all about the Terminator, the war (Judgement Day)
and why it is important she lives. She is the mother of the man who is
the saviour for the human race, John Connor. Also starring Paul
Winfield as Lieutenant Ed Traxler, Aliens' Lance Henriksen as Detective
Hal Vukovich, Bess Motta as Ginger Ventura, Earl Boen as Dr. Peter
Silberman, Rick Rossovich as Matt Buchanan and Dick Miller as Pawnshop
Clerk. The film is made up of many gripping chases, fantastic gory
effects (as the Terminator loses his flesh in his hunt, and it is a low
budget film!) and fantastic direction from Cameron. The excellent
sequel followed in 1991. Arnold Schwarzenegger was number 54 on The 100
Greatest Movie Stars, and he was number 20 on The 100 Greatest Pop
Culture Icons, Terminator (Villain) was number 22 on 100 Years, 100
Heroes & Villains, the film was number 37 on 100 Years, 100 Quotes
("I'll be back."), it was number 42 on 100 Years, 100 Thrills, and it
was number 98 on The 100 Greatest Films. Outstanding!
			

Is there a better person to play a cyborg than Arnold?  For this movie he
was a massively built oak tree of a man.  His strange accent makes for a
perfect callous robotic sounding killing machine.  It's almost like his
voice is a computer read out ( which I guess it is in one sense ).
Terminator is one of those films that started something huge.  People
didn't
realize it at the time, but the careers of Arnold, Cameron and perhaps
even
guys like Micahel Biehn, Lance Henriksen and even Bill Paxton were
substantially started because of this film.  And Cameron must have liked
working with them so much that he gave all of them substantial roles in
his
next film ( Aliens ).As we all know what the story is, I'll just tell you a bit about what is
so
fascinating about it.  First I have to mention Michael Biehn.  He has the
real starring role.  He is the character that has to explain everything to
the audience.  He has to explain this complicated story so that we know
what
is happening and why.  It is not an easy job to do something like that and
still come off looking all right.  But Biehn is simply awesome in this
film.
A microcosm of his performance can be seen when Sara bites him.  Biehn (
Kyle Reese ) replies " Terminator's don't feel pain.  I do.  Don't do that
again. "  That is such a great line delivered with the perfect expression,
the perfect tone and the perfect timing.  Biehn is perfect for the
role.This is also the first film that I saw as a youngster that ever warned me
of
the dangers of nuclear war and of the rapid advancements of machinery.
Perhaps I was too young and naive to fully understand all that James
Cameron
was trying to say, but now that I am older, I can honestly say that the
two
Terminators are perfect anti nuke films.  And they are so passionate with
what they have to say.  I like it when a film has something to say.  I
enjoy
being entertained in the process but if you can manage both then you have
a
masterpiece.  This is a masterpiece.Finally. there are two other reasons to enjoy this film.  One, this is the
first film where "I'll be back" was spoken.  Now it is part of Arnolds
vernacular.  Secondly, Bill Paxton is in it.  And he adds spark to any
film
that he's in.  Especially here, as the idiot punk leader that really gets
the hell beat out of him, he has some great lines.A great film. 
			

I just saw a horrifying, touching, very good movie again; it's The
Terminator.  Now to talk of it as great film, to compare it with American
Beauty might seem idiotic--it's an almost unrelentingly dark, violent,
frightening action movie, after all--but strip away the relentless action,
strip away the technophobia, strip away the blatant dislike of cops and
modern youth, strip away the poignant love story and, at its core, it's
about an immature, essentially mindless girl becoming a strong, determined
woman.  That's a theme more movies should have if we want girls to have
strong role models.In the course of a few hours during which Sarah Connor realises that she is
running for her life from a soul-less machine in human flesh that is
implacably and violently determined to kill her, she transforms from a girl
who can't balance her cheque book to a woman who can order a wounded, beaten
man to "get on your feet, soldier."  She is clear-headed, not panicky,
focused in crisis and incredibly courageous.  And it's not that she has lost
her essential femaleness but that she's grown up.It's relentless, heartless violence appals and fascinates me.  It's gritty
depiction of our society as a prelude to an even more horrific one in 2023
darkens my heart.  It's quickly developing love story touches me.  Its humor
makes the dark places in me smile.  But most of all I am touched and
fascinated by Sarah's precipitous transformation. As a good life exercise,
ask yourself this: Would you have the courage to do what she does?9.5 out of 10.
			
In one of the most intelligent and unhesitating science fiction films
of the 1950s, Robert Wise equipped "The Day the Earth Stood Still" with
technical marvels, chief among them the huge robot Gortthe prototype,
Michael Rennie suggests, for a global police force... Similar
mechanical giants have been lumbering out of space-ships ever since...In "Devil Girl from Mars," the giant refrigerator robot Chai hunts for
virile Scotsmen and find John Laurie, while in 'Target Earth,' the
Venusian robots imitate Gort in projecting rays from their heads but
take the idea a step further and make the rays lethal... In Stanley Kubrick's 'mythological documentary,' HAL 9000 computer is
the most human character in the movie... But in James Cameron's
breakthrough feature, there is, indeed, 'a storm coming in.' His
'Terminator' is a systematic metal, 'surrounded by living tissue,' an
invulnerable cyborg, part man, part machine, with whom 'it can't be
bargained with, it can't be reasoned with.' The film opens with two naked men appearing in two different parts of
Los Angeles' darkened streets... One is tall and powerfully built, the
other is compact and muscular... Both men seek the same person, a small
and delicate blond woman by the name of Sarah Connor...Arnold Schwarzenegger is terrifying as the 'killer cyborg' who 'looks
like Death rendered in steel.' He has searched the phone book and
brutally shot to death other unfortunate women who bear the same
name... He is sent back from the future to present-day (1984) to kill
the mother of an unborn enemy... Schwarzenegger moves with inhuman speed bounding like a panther,
scanning methodically with dominated blue eyes his surroundings, and in
a perfect simulation of voice, he is on the track of his victim... He
examines his weapons with precise movements, drives expressionlessly,
and kills without pity, or remorse, or fear... It is a role that suits
his talent perfectly... Michael Biehn seems scared by traumas of others wars... His face
outlines a long burn scar... He tries to stop Schwarzenegger's attempts
to be carried out... He is sinister in his long coat... His whole life
has been combat... He identifies himself as Reese, a soldier from the
future, assigned to protect Sarah at all costs... For him it is an
honor, a chance to meet the legend... We feel his pain and anguish when
he said: 'That terminator is out there. And it absolutely will not
stop, ever, until you are dead!' Linda Hamilton is quiet convincing as the strong innocent prey,
targeted for termination, momentarily disoriented, vaguely disturbed...
She feels a blind panic boiling up within her, a lightning blot of
terror greater than she could ever imagine... She is in a daze,
paralyzed, shivering silently, uncontrollably... Her fragile
personality disguises a hidden force she did't know she had...Cameron makes a successful move behind the lens in one of the most
breathtaking modern action science fiction films...
			

There are actors,and there are movie stars.Arnold Schwarzenegger
is without question a movie star,because every time he is on
screen,
he is,well,Arnold.There is a different Arnold in this film,and this     is
what I like about it.He,for once,is playing the villain,and
to
perfection,I might add.He makes for one of the best screen
villains
ever in cinema history.It's a pity that his "good guy" image
won't
allow him to play the bad seed more often,but that's Hollywood,
I guess.Aside from the thrilling sequel,this is perhaps
Arnold's
best work.
			
Many people look back at the films of James Cameron and suggest that
the smaller, the budget, the tighter the limitations, the better the
end product. Films like Avatar, Titanic and True Lies had huge budgets
and drew in even bigger box office but many still yearn for the Cameron
that gave us The Terminator and Aliens which were huge movies but
packed a far bigger punch artistically. My feelings all these years on
are that Cameron has earned the right to make those huge movies but i
have to admit to preferring his earlier body of work. The Terminator is
a nightmarish, time travelling science fiction film told at a breakneck
pace and delivered with confidence and style. The film has a very
gritty, underground look to it and does a great job of telling its
story amid the frenetic action. There is also a huge slice of horror
and suspense thrown in, an impression that has diminished in the years
since it's release due to inferior sequels. Viewed as a standalone
piece however, The Terminator is fine piece of work from a director
with a very clear vision.Everyone knows that The Terminator is the film
that gave us Arnold Schwarzenegger but when i look back at the film, it
has heart and its the Michael Biehn character, Kyle Reese, that
provides it Artistically speaking,Cameron might be well advised that
less is more.
			
Even in this post-Matrix era, this movie is still the ultimate blend of
Orwell and action. If the definition of a classic is a movie that's
often imitated but never equaled, then The Terminator is definitely a
classic, because the increasing redundancy of its sequels and
imitations merely demonstrates how good the original is.I wasn't fortunate enough to see this movie in the year of its release,
the year predicted by Orwell's classic novel as a time when technology
would be used to enslave people, but I did see it in about 1992, when
the blockbuster success of the first sequel made me curious to watch
the first film. At that time I preferred the second Terminator movie
for being technically superior, but after all these years I now prefer
the first film's raw intensity and kinetic energy.The Terminator was of course the breakthrough movie for James Cameron,
and even after Aliens and Titanic it's still arguably his best-directed
film. I challenge anybody to watch this movie and point out one single
shot that needs improvement, because the direction of this movie is so
fluid and precise that I can't think of one moment in the whole
100-minute running time that I would want to change.Cameron was and of course still is a notorious perfectionist who's very
difficult to work with, but his perfectionism really paid off with this
movie because it can be watched again and again without losing its
entertainment value. He's a master of the small touch, as when the cop
at the desk is filling out his paperwork with a small pencil and pauses
in mid-sentence to look up and see the headlights coming towards him
through the doors.Cameron also co-wrote the story, so this movie meant even more to him
personally than merely a directing triumph. Supposedly he drew his
inspiration from a nightmare in which he was being chased by a humanoid
with one glowing red eye, and indeed the whole film has the urgent,
oppressive atmosphere and calm logic characteristic of a nightmare. But
of course he was probably also remembering subconsciously a couple
episodes of The Outer Limits that he saw as a kid, which explains why
he had to acknowledge the writer Ellison in the credits.Besides Cameron, this movie really belongs to the three lead actors.
Arnold of course gives the performance of his career in this movie, but
then so do Linda and Michael. Arnold's physical presence and harsh
accent have never been put to better use in a movie, while Linda never
had another role that required her to run through such a full range of
emotions--sweetness and vulnerability, toughness and despair, etc.Michael has always been a B actor, but since The Terminator is
essentially a B movie he fits in perfectly. His performance proves that
an action hero is much more compelling when he's vulnerable not only to
physical pain but emotional difficulties, to which his big, haunted
eyes are put to good use. Watch him in this movie, as a man thrown out
of his time but with a mission, and you'll see a perfect match of actor
and character.In a typical action film, the amount of violence and bloodshed in The
Terminator would be excessive, but in a movie about an unstoppable
killing machine the envelope can be pushed. In one of the more
memorable set-pieces, the Terminator takes on an entire police station
full of thirty cops, and although I didn't exactly count them the
viewer gets the sense of watching every single cop being gunned down.Ordinarily I wouldn't describe such a scene of slaughter as "cool," and
yet there is some-thing undeniably cool about Arnold, with his
sunglasses and leather jacket, going through the station with a shotgun
and assault rifle and taking on everybody. Arnold's charisma helps the
audience stomach the cold-blooded determination of the Terminator, but
also the character's single-mindedness invites admiration: even as
we're appalled by all the killing, we have to admit he does it rather
well.This movie has more than enough gunfire, explosions and stunt-work
(including some especially good stunt driving) to work purely as an
action picture, but it's the film's anti-technology paranoia that makes
it more than just an exciting ride. Notice, for example, the subtle
role that Sarah's answering machine plays in the story: the cops can't
get into touch with her because of it, while the message she leaves on
it brings the Terminator right to her.In one memorable shot, the tracks of a construction crane become those
of a killing machine in the future, crushing an endless row of skulls,
which you can interpret any number of ways (is it a crack against urban
renewal?). Also note that the criminal psychologist is enslaved by his
beeper, and that even in the post-apocalyptic future in which machines
have destroyed the world children still huddle around a television set
in a desperate effort to be entertained.Some viewers may be turned off by this movie's preaching, but one
quality that distinguishes The Terminator from its countless imitations
is the strength of its convictions. Too many science-fiction/action
movies fail under the weight of their own camp, but The Terminator is
an exception because it actually has the nerve to take itself
seriously. The bickering between seasoned cops Paul and Lance provides
some levity, but at no point does the film make fun of itself.The only reason I'm not giving this movie a perfect 10 is because it
is, after all, The Terminator, and not Casablanca. If people still
remember it in forty years, then I'll give it a 10.
			
Continuing my plan to watch every Arnold Schwarzenegger movie in order,
I come to his second movie of 1984 The Terminator.Plot In A Paragraph: A cyborg (Arnie) is sent from the future with one
mission. Kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) a young woman whose life
will have a great significance in years to come. Sarah has only one
protector, Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) also sent from the future. To those that say Arnie can't act, I say watch this movie. He is
TOTALLY believable as a non human!! I say that in jest of course, but
it is his best performance thus far.He never could have took the role if Dino De Laurentis didn't release
him from his 10 year Conan contract. He agreed, but asked Arnie to keep
making Conans as long as they were profitable (Thankfully after the
lukewarm reception to Conan The Destroyer, Dino never wanted to make
another) and to make an action movie for him when he had a script.
Arnie agreed, and was free to make other movies away from Dino. The $750,000 Arnie was paid for this was less than the $1,000,000 he
was paid for the last Conan movie, but boy does it pay off. James
Cameron is a genius, how all this came out of his head is amazing, and
this is only his second feature film is beyond me. It's scarily
brilliant. Everything is brilliant. The script is brilliant, the
casting is brilliant, the performances are brilliant, the way it's shot
is brilliant, Brad Fiedel's score is brilliant, Stan Wilsons special
effects are brilliant, everything is brilliant. I've already praised Arnies performance, but Michael Biehn is also
brilliant as the battled scarred, but brave Kyle Reece and Linda
Hamilton is excellent as Sarah Connor too. I can't fault a single
performance in the movie. A few dodgy effects here and there, and the implausibility of the plot
(I still can't get my head around how Kyle can be John Connors Dad lol)
are not enough to ruin anything. In his autobiography Total Recall, Arnie talks about how the role of
the Terminator only having 18 lines worried him, he worried people
think he was either avoiding speaking parts, or worse, most of of his
dialogue was edited out because it wasn't working. He also discusses how bad the promotion was for this movie. They had it
as a standard B movie, he says how Cameron begged them to change the
strategy of it, but they would not listen to him!! They were only
interested in promoting Amadeus. The movie succeeded because of solid
reviews and good word of mouth. The Terminator grossed $38 million at the domestic Box Office making it
the 21st highest grossing movie of 1984. Surprisingly neither was
enough to beat Conan The Barbarian as a career high for Arnie at that
point. In a way, it's lucky for Arnie, Terminator wasn't a giant blockbuster,
as he may have been typecast as a bad guy. As it was, he did a favour
for Dino.
			
And some of that is James Cameron's directing, but some of it is just a
good story. Much better story, in some ways, than the one when the
Terminator could morph into whatever shape he wanted, but that film had
some good, scary scenes. And the end of that Termninator is really good
film editing. But I like THIS one, before things got complicated!I know that part of the reason I like this, original one is that my
oldest brother loved Arnold and would frequently say "I'll be back".
And I suppose that's the line everyone remembers. And everyone
remembers "you are terminated".My brother is no longer with us, but I think about him whenever this
film comes on cable. Worth watching, if for no other reason than it's
also the beginning of Linda Hamilton's career.
			
I just re-watched this movie; the last time I saw it was approximately
1987. For a 1984 production, this is superb science fiction. The
Terminator, like Blade Runner, represents the best of the early '80s
and even today has not really been surpassed despite decades of
advances in CGI, digital processing, etc.The Terminator robot behaves more or less as one might expect. James
Cameron is intelligent enough not to ruin the movie by
anthropomorphizing the robot, in other words making it display emotions
and behave too humanly. It's a computer created by computers, and acts
accordingly. Arnold Schwarzenegger was at his physical peak and did a
superb job conveying the sheer evil that this machine represents.Sarah and Kyle were well played. She was an "average girl" working at a
busy family restaurant and dating mediocre guys in her spare time. We
watch her grow into the strong soldier that she must become to defeat
not only the Terminator but to raise a revolutionary hero who will save
humanity.Kyle came across as a soldier who is very good at his profession, but
has little exposure to the finer things, having grown up in a horrible
post-apocalyptic world. He finally softens and opens up to Sarah,
sparking a love affair that is heartbreakingly brief.You can enjoy the Terminator and simply ignore the fact that there are
sequels. #2 is not bad, but quite superfluous and contradictory to the
first movie in which it was made clear that "no one goes home, and no
one else comes through" the time machine which was smashed by the
humans. The first movie is an epic story and needs no sequels. But #2
is fun if you must see a little more Arnold-as-robot.
			
It's funny really, writing a review for The Terminator these days just
feels a little pointless, I mean anyone who wanted to see it would have
done so already. In truth the effects work is a little creaky now but
that doesn't matter, they were awesome in 1984. It's a ripper of a
story awash with high energy action, rip-snorting characterisations and
tech-noir atmospherics. It's place in the pantheon of science fiction
films is assured, its influence on the genre undoubted, while the lead
cast members cemented themselves in the sci-fi hall of fame.No more needs to be said really, The Terminator is a kinetic live
action comic book of a movie, classy movie making, paced to precision
and featuring a story that's brilliantly complex and utterly
compelling. 9/10
			
In the future, we are at war with machines, and one man teaches the
remains of Humanity how to win the war, that man is John Conner. The
Machines send back a Killing machine, A Terminator (A super strong
cyborg, that looks human) to kill the mother of mankind's saviour Sarah
Conner (Linda Hamilton). John Sends a protector for Sarah, Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn) who volunteered, so he could meet the great legends
Mother. The trouble is Sarah is no warrior (yet) and the Terminator
will never eat, never sleep and never stop until she is dead.Arnold Schwarzenegger is the Terminator in one of his best roles ever,
and he leaves many dead in his wake, as he hunts down his target. Sarah
and Kyle are on the run, and it seems that their fate is sealed as the
relentless Killing Machine, shows no signs of remorse and proves to be
unstoppable time and time again.A Fantastic final sequence brings this movie to an awesome climax, that
will go down in cinematic history as one of the best.9/10
			
I like all Terminator movies (especially the first three, all for
different reasons and different qualities) and the prematurely
cancelled TV series The Sarah Connor Chronicles, as well. It took a
couple of years for the first one to reach me, but I did see The
Terminator in a movie theatre and before Terminator 2 came out. I was
actually surprised how well it worked, and having seen it countless
times since then, I can confidently say it is just as effective now as
it was back then.The effects look a little dated today, the synthesizer-based music is
pretty laughable, and the movie has an overall cheap B-movie feel
(which I usually don't like), but these are minor deficiencies that do
not lessen my enjoyment. The greatest virtue of The Terminator is its
relentless pace, and in this respect, it surpasses all the other
instalments in the series. It truly makes you feel the machine is
unstoppable and allows you no rest, no breather. And the final showdown
in the factory, when the terminator presses on even when it's nothing
but a legless torso, is genuinely scary and suspenseful.Great story, tense, chilling action, a perfectly cast, iconic character
(Arnold Schwarzenegger) and one of the best pacing ever  The
Terminator is a fantastic SF/action movie and a great debut for a great
director.
			
The Terminator is one of the greatest masterpieces in the history of
Cinema: Cameron combined Science fiction, Action, Thriller, Cyberpunk
and Horror at the highest levels, moving from one genre to the other
without clear separation.The low budget compelled the director to exploit his talent and
creativity thoroughly: the tension is the highest possible, the action
scenes are shot like never before nor after.Furthermore, there's a very deep message in that hour and 45 minutes
that keep you glued to the screen. It created a myth which gets stronger every day.
			
The police psychologist interviewing Kyle Reese says it just right at
one point: "I could make a career out of this guy!" Make that two
careers, that of action hero Arnold Schwarzenegger and blockbuster
filmmaker James Cameron.Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) is a struggling waitress who has just
been stood up for a date. Another date is en route; unfortunately for
her it's the proverbial date from hell. He may look like a studly
Austrian-American bodybuilder, but he's really a hyperalloy metal
chassis wrapped in human tissue sent from the future to kill her before
she can give birth to the hope of mankind's survival. Can Kyle (Michael
Biehn) save her before Arnold does his job?The title character is really a thing of beauty. As Kyle explains: "It
can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel
pity or remorse or fear. And it absolutely will not stop. Ever! Until
you are dead."So what you have is "Jaws" for a new decade. And there can be no doubt
what that decade is. From the Walkman worn by Sarah's roommate to the
trendy neon sportswear on display at the "Technoir" nightclub, this is
a 1980s movie through and through. And other than some clunky
miniatures work set in the world Kyle came from, there's nothing wrong
with that.The film has a lot more going for it. From start to stop this is, like
"Jaws," a pop-action spectacular that never stops. Even the lengthy
time-travel exposition scenes are suspenseful, because you are always
alert for what might come through the door in the next second.
Schwarzenegger makes his most lasting impression in an atypical bad-
guy role, while Hamilton convinces with her ruffled beauty and sudden
bursts of heroism. Biehn may do the best job, his face suggesting the
anguish of his character's plight as well as his somewhat crazy hope
for the future personified in Sarah.Cameron and producer Gale Anne Hurd fashioned a clever script with many
brilliant touches that reward re-viewings. There's a scene between Kyle
and Sarah that brings "Terminator's" greatness into focus for me. He's
telling her of this photograph he has been holding of her, and spent
many terrible nights staring at, wondering what she was thinking.
Later, Cameron has a scene where we get to see what Sarah was thinking,
and it's a doozy!Then there's the police vehicle the Terminator rides around in trying
to get his mark. The slogan on the side of the car reads: "Dedicated To
Serve." Perfect!Is the Terminator supposed to be from THE future, or just "one possible
future"? Like Sarah says, a guy could go crazy thinking about this. Or
at least have to wait until the next sequel. Hollywood can beat good
ideas to death, but this film proves it will take a lot indeed to kill
the Terminator.
			
The Terminator is definitely one of the best Science fiction films ever
made. A lot of people argue on which film is better Terminator 1 or
Terminator 2, but in my opinion the first Terminator film is the better
film. Although Terminator 2 (also 3) were fantastic films with better
action scenes and special effects than the first Terminator film, what
I prefer about the first Terminator film is the good acting,(especially
by Kyle Rees/Michael Biehn) sense of depth and storyline that the other
two sequels lacked. What all three Terminator films had in common were
that they had elements of Science Fiction and action in them, but what
the first Terminator film had that the other sequels didn't have was
that it had a romance element. The romantic side of this film is how
Kyle Rees travelled back in time to meet Sarah Connor(to save her from
the Terminator) and falling in love with one another, while conceiving
their son John Connor during their short time together. This film is
quite similar to the film 'Somewhere in Time' with Christopher Reeve
and Jane Seymour for that film is also about a man who travels back in
time to be with the women he loved.The whole concept of how Kyle Rees was sent back in time from the year
2027 to the year 1984 to save Sarah Connors life from the Terminator
and then impregnating her with John Connor (the Future Saviour) is a
mind boggling concept. Where does it all begin and end? If Kyle Rees
from the future didn't go back in time to the year 1984, John Connor
would never have been, but yet it makes absolutely no sense WHATSOVER,
that Kyle Rees could be his father considering the peculiar
circumstances - however he was his father for unexplainable reasons.
The story just goes round and round in circles. In answer to how John
Connor was Kyle Rees' son was that the original John Connor from the
year 2027 wasn't Kyle Rees' son as he was somebody elses son. When John
Connor sent Kyle Rees to the year 1984 to save his mothers life from
the Terminator, Kyle Rees accidentally corrupted history by
impregnating Sarah Connor with their son John Connor, who of which
wasn't the original John Connor. When Sarah Connor found out that she
was pregnant with Kyles son, she mistakenly assumed that her unborn
child was the saviour John Connor from the future - when he wasn't. The
real John Connor would have been a son that she would have had with
another man(In a different parallel universe) who of which was never
born, for Kyle Rees prevented her from meeting him because he changed
history by telling her about the future - as this somehow prevented her
from meeting the father of the real future saviour John Connor and
bearing him as there son. Thereafter the alternate John Connor who was
conceived from Kyle Rees became the new future Saviour only because his
mother prepared him for it and because he wanted to live up to his
mothers death wish. Its all quite complicated; the whole sequential
repetitive cycle of Kyle Rees going back in time to the year 1984 and
then another 44 years passes to the year 2027 and then Kyle rees
travels back to the year 1984 is a never ending cycle, as its an
infinite cycle that goes round and round in circles forever. The first
cycle of the original undisrupted John Connor who sent his Sergeant
(not father) Kyle Rees to the year 1984, was in fact the only
undisrupted future history cycle that happened. However, every other
time travel sequence that goes on and on forever in time travel circles
that occurred after that original time travel cycle, was in fact the
disrupted time travel cycles with the alternate John Connor in a new
and changed parallel universe - this is as explained all due to Kyle
Rees accidentally altering history. Considering the alternate John
Connor took over from the original John Connor who of which got erased
from time all due to Kyle Rees, one could say that the original John
Connor never even existed - but yet he did! He lives in the lost
dimensions/parallel universe of time.As this film is Science fictional, romantic and action based it caters
for many types of viewers, whether you're a love-sick girl/ women, a
person who is action thirst or just somebody with a good imagination
for imaginative people, like myself, do tend to love science fiction
films.Anyway, if you haven't seen this film, I strongly suggest you to
watch it, for this film is non stop action, has great film atmosphere
and had a great and original storyline
			
This movie is something of an enigma to me. It comes from an era in the
history of film where a lot of really bad movies were made. Especially
sci-fi movies suffered a lot of indignities (not counting Blade Runner,
Aliens and the two Star Wars movies made in the decade) but also good
action movies were quite far apart. For this movie to be a success in
both genres is quite something. This is James Cameron's first
masterpiece.Acting wise the movie is nothing short of excellent. Arnold
Schwarzenegger produced the role that would turn out to be his
signature role in the terminator. His acting is wooden, stiff and very
emotionless which is of course perfect as he plays a robot from the
future and even though he was outmatched villain wise by Robert
Patrick's T-1000 in the sequel he is still very memorable in this movie
and the "I'll be back" line is one of the most memorable of the 80s.
Linda Hamilton is great as Sarah Connor and creates a very likable,
vulnerable and at the same time strong character and you can't help but
sympathize with her. The strongest performance in my opinion is that of
Michael Biehn who very unjustly never became a really big name in the
movie industry because his performance as Kyle Reese is everything
movie acting should be about. His character is both very strong but at
the same time emotionally crippled. The way he plays the role with the
exact right amount of desperation is pure genius. Lance Henriksen is
critically underused in his role and unfortunately doesn't have enough
screen time to really create a lasting impression and that's a shame.The effects and action sequences are remarkably well construed, breath
taking and exciting. James Cameron proves that he has a flair for
action with this movie and even though the effects are dated they still
somehow hold their own in a time where computer effects are dominating
action movies. Especially the ending is very thrilling mainly because
of the editing which basically makes the ending. The stop-motion
elements of the movie work remarkably well, once again because of the
editing. The film also uses full size puppets molded after Arnold's
face and body and because of the lighting (and again the editing) you
barely notice the change between real actor and puppet. Brad Fiedel's
score has a very 80s feel to it and is practically the only thing that
is not timeless about the movie.All in all The Terminator is definitely one of the best action and
sci-fi movies of the eighties and indeed any age. If you haven't seen
it yet, you should. Don't think it's just another Schwarzenegger movie,
it is so much more.9/10
			
The original "Terminator" is arguably the greatest sci-fi/action film
ever, and the Special Edition DVD finally does this classic film
justice. In the future, SkyNET, the supercomputer in control of all
military power, decides that humans must be destroyed and begins a
massive nuclear war that destroys most of the population. The survivors
form a resistance against the computer and its mechanical army, and
eventually defeat it, thanks to their leader John Connor. In a final
effort to win, the computer sends a Terminator back in time to kill
John's mother, Sarah, before he is born. The humans send back a lone
soldier, Kyle Reese, to protect Sarah from the seemingly unstoppable
cyborg. I think what's so great about this movie is how you're slowly
revealed the true form of the Terminator. Piece by piece he loses a
chunk here, a chunk there. You know he's a machine with flesh over his
endo-skeleton, but the full force of this implication isn't really felt
until you see the machine without the flesh emerge from burning
wreckage. I find the scene where the endo-skeleton is lurching very
quickly toward the door as Sarah is struggling to close it far more
terrifying than the whole Terminator apocalypse scenes in the sequels.
But then again, those are action movies.Visually, the film is first rate. Fantasy II's future sequences and
Stan Winston's make-up and Terminator endo-skeletons are some of the
finest moments in Science Fiction film making. Even in this day and age
of CG-everything, the rear projected, stop motion animated Terminator
effects are still very good, standing up well in the light of eighteen
years of technological innovation. Additionally, for the special
edition DVD they redid some of the sound effects, like the Terminator's
long-slide .45. There are lots of extras, including deleted scenes,
still galleries, and two interview reels with Arnold Schwarzenegger and
James Cameron, plus Biehn and Hamilton.Overall rating: 9 out of 10.
			
In order to properly appreciate The Terminator, you have to look at
this film and take into consideration the budget that it was made on
and the status of the director who created it. Before this film, James
Cameron was not the king of the world like he was after Titanic and
Avatar broke through. He was a person who very little people had faith
in with a film idea that didn't go over very well among the top
studios. And if you look at this film from a technical point of view,
you can see that they were being conservative with the budget for a
bizarre science fiction premise created by a struggling filmmaker who
nobody really had much faith in. But in the end, it turned out to be a
very good movie with real heart and soul, exciting and suspenseful
action, an interesting if unlikely plot, and great performances from
Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn.But what about Arnold Schwarzenegger? Well, Arnold is unique in this
film since he is not really a character in the traditional sense. He is
more of an obstacle; a force of nature that cannot be stopped that
haunts the protagonists with his fierce demeanor and acute focus on his
main mission: to murder Sarah Connor. There is an intensity to his
presence on-screen, no small part do to Brad Fiedel's excellent score
which includes a foreboding metallic heartbeat every time the
Terminator walks onto the scene. And fascinatingly enough, his
"character" as the Terminator encompasses a very dark fantasy of man:
the ability to do anything to anyone without any consequences or anyone
being able to stop you.The movie hits all the right notes! It starts with a disastrous view of
the future before jumping into a dark, disturbing view of the present,
with the gritty, dirty streets of nighttime LA providing the perfect
setting for a suspenseful chase between man and a murderous machine. It
gives us a glimpse of lighthearted humanity as we see Sarah Connor, and
ordinary young woman living her life as a normal person, before we are
thrown into her nightmare as she finds herself stalked by an unknown
assailant with an unknown cause. We feel sympathy for her as she finds
herself not only in physical danger but facing the emotional crisis of
having the responsibility of saving humanity in the future. And we feel
for Kyle Reece, the soldier sent from the future to protect her against
impossible odds, as we see him trying to operate in a world that he
does not know after growing up in the wake of nuclear destruction. Even
the minor characters feel real and human. The only thing "wooden" about
the acting in the movie would be from Arnold himself, but that's okay
because his character is supposed to be a lifeless, emotionless killing
machine - and he excels at his role as the Terminator in that way.But despite how much I love this movie (I even love it more than
Terminator 2: Judgement Day, believe it or not), I can't ignore the
fact that certain elements of the film have not aged well at all! Chase
scenes that were filmed and sped up to look faster, choppy stop-motion
animations on the Terminator endoskeleton, and prosthetic animatronics
with plastic skin are just a few examples of how this film shows its
age and its low budget. Setbacks like this can take modern moviegoers
out of the experience simply because a lot of the special effects look
incredibly dated compared to other films, even films that came before
this movie like Return of the Jedi. However, in the end, this film comes across as James Cameron's true
labor of love. This isn't the blockbuster high-budget mega production
Titanic or Avatar. This is the film that got his name well known among
the movie-making industry. This was his equivalent to Spielberg's Jaws
or Lucas' Star Wars: a film that was so hard to make, but you can see
he poured his heart into, and it paid off! You have to respect
something like that!Just watch this film! Do it! Do it now! Go! Leave this review and find
a copy of The Terminator and watch it!
			
A classic Blockbuster, The Terminator plays more like a horror film
than the action film franchise that it spawned. Schwarzenegger owns the
whole movie with his minimal dialogue and enormous presence. Its
amazing that with only fourteen lines of dialogue he became one of the
most quotable characters of all time. He carries all of his weapons
like extensions of his own arms and remains completely deadpan at all
times. The acting of the movie is carried by Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton,
both of whom do an excellent job of their roles. Hamilton is a sweet
but scared young woman on the run from something she doesn't
understand. Biehn is a young soldier from a time far from now, with
PTSD licking at the edges of his consciousness. The way Reese looks at
heavy machines with apprehension is a tiny thing that speaks volumes,
as is the non-existent reactions to deaths of his fellow soldiers in
present day. Cameron's screenplay is a marvel, full of incredible dialogue and one
of the best plot twists in cinema history. Whilst most of the visual
effects are quite dated, they far from ruin the movie and the
animatronic head of Schwarzenegger is certainly impressive for its
time. The way Cameron cuts the movie around R-rated violence and
unavailable visual effects (putting sunglasses on, brilliant!) actually
contributes to the film's cult thriller status. I don't know why
Schwarzenegger was given a posh combover at the start, but it is
quickly messed up, and the film's score has lots of impressive horror
moments but is probably better suited to this film than the very
action-heavy Terminator theme we are used to today.
			
The Terminator is directed by James Cameron and stars Arnold
Schwarzenegger as the title character. In the future, 2029, to be
exact, a nuclear war has passed. Any remaining humans are struggling to
survive against the machines, endoskeletons that are near
indestructible. The leader of the resistance is named John Connor. When
the machines figure this out, they send one of their own (played by
Arnie) back in time to 1984 (of course) to find and "terminate" John's
mother, Sarah Connor, played by Linda Hamilton. John realizes this, and
sends his best soldier, Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) back to '84 to
protect his mother form the invincible machine. Kind of a confusing
plot.Now, as most of anybody knows, James Cameron is one of the best
directors today. He's done amazing films, such as Aliens (1986),
Titanic (1997), and Avatar (2009). However great those movies are, The
Terminator franchise is his best idea, much like Spielberg and Jurassic
Park (1993). Although Judgement Day may be slightly better, the
original is still a great film, with awesome action and break- through
special effects, that still hold up.Being James Cameron, the movie looks great. His shots captivate all of
the car chases, shoot outs, and explosions beautifully. The
cinematography, done by Adam Greenberg, makes the film look fantastic.
The acting is also truly amazing. This film was Arnie's first big role,
followed closely by Commando (1985). He definitely deserves the great
reputation he has today, thanks to this considerable role. Linda
Hamilton also does very good, and portrays the character arc from a
helpless girl to a very powerful woman that doesn't need a man next to
her 24/7, unlike nowadays female characters in cinema. Alongside
Hamilton, Michael Biehn also does substantial, despite the difficulty
of his role.The next thing I have to mention is the dialogue. The dialogue in this
film is so good. There's tons of memorable quotes extracted from this
movie, including "come with me if you want to live," and "I'll be
back." The lines between Sarah and Kyle is great. Their friendship is
somewhat rushed, yet it doesn't feel as though it is. It feels as if we
missed a point in which they got to know each other better.Although it may sound as though this film is flawless, but it's not.
However, it was very hard to recognize said flaws within the movie.
But, I did find one. And a quite big one. It's going to be a bit
difficult to explain this issue without giving away a major plot point,
but it's possible. Now, having to deal with a subject as time travel,
any movie is going to have an unexplained or impossible paradox. This
one has to do with the existence of John Connor, prior to the events in
this film. That's all I'm going to say. However small this drawback may
seem, it prevents the movie from being perfect.Overall, The Terminator is an astounding film, and anybody and
everybody should see it sometime in their life. Just don't watch any of
the sequels, besides Judgement Day. I'm going to give The Terminator an
A, or a 9 out of 10.
			
The Terminator follows a woman named Sarah Connor and two mysterious
men who both appear naked in nighttime Los Angeles 1984 who both seem
to be looking for her. One of them even seems to want to kill her and
ruthlessly kills two other Los Angeles women named Sarah Connor. The
movie is pretty well directed with the tone being ominous at the
beginning and more exciting as the story moves on. The mystery element
is what makes it work in the first half, with us having no idea who
these men are and why they are looking for her. There turns out to be
an interesting revelation for it and a cool sci-fi paradox at the end.
The action scenes are exciting, but it would have been better to have
it more science fiction and less action as we only see a small part of
the film focusing on the future. The climax is also very exciting and
well done. The acting is good but the main character is not very
interesting or likable, just your average woman. Arnold Schwarzenegger
plays his character perfectly as an unstoppable emotionless freak,
which is the strongest part of the movie. This film would be good for
sci-fi fans but even more for action fans.
			
Terminator is a sci-fi movie about time traveling and while it's CGI
effects have aged, the core of what makes the movie so great has not
aged. The action is still suspenseful and the horror elements are still
enough to make me hold onto my seat to this day. Integral to its
success was the quality acting, story and overall direction.
Schwartzenegger as the Terminator is a terrifying villain who is fixed
on a relentless pattern but is also volatile.Hamilton particularly gives a memorable performance. Her character's
(Sarah Conner) development is slow and organic but from start to
finish, it's hard to believe that her character in the beginning of the
movie and the character at the end were the same person, but they are.
			
The whole story of the 'Terminator' franchise never makes any good
sense. If I were to judge it in that angle, then "The Terminator" would
be a failure. But cut that. Never had before that I thought a story is
the most vital element of a movie. "Terminator" is a ballsy,
undividedly original 1980s sci-fi action picture. James Cameron's
ingenuity, open doors for his outstanding far stretched imaginations
for storytelling. Cameron's gifted mind, brought a story that is so
fresh and entertaining, into the cinematic legends.Into the future. Nuclear holocaust strikes, and an artificial
intelligence known as Skynet rises up. It deems humanity as a threat
and its goal is to wipe out the whole of humanity. Briefly, there is a
war between the survivors of the nuclear catastrophe and the machines.
A cyborg assassin a.k.a. Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger), is being
sent by Skynet to back in time to eliminate the mother of the leader of
the resistance force, Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton). If the plan is
successful, the formation of the resistance force will be halted and
fate altered. But to avoid it from happening, a soldier, Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn) is being sent to be Sarah's protector. "Terminator" is
obviously a 'Cat & Mouse' story, where the Terminator will only stop
living if Sarah is killed."Terminator" exhilarates with so much energy that all scenes, and all
moments, were only being captured for the fullest. There are no hollow
spaces in the film, and nothing declines. It is the sharp and skillful
editing that set it to be a piece of bold, entertaining action flick.
To put it simply, "Terminator" is a show for great filmmaking. Its
performances are proper  Arnold Schwarzenegger is intimidating as the
killing machine cyborg and Linda Hamilton excels as the struggled
heroine. The supporting casts are solid too, especially from Paul
Winfeld and Earl Boen.It is funny that a woman who does nothing but waitressing is being
targeted for extermination. If the Terminator had not been sent, and
Kyle Reese never visits that timeline, John Connor, son of Sarah
Connor, would not exist. Sarah Connor is a story of a woman who seems
scared, weak and incompetent but eventually turns out to be the
opposite of her normal self. And Linda Hamilton played her wonderfully
well. If there is a message in the movie, it would be Sarah Connor
herself. She gives the idea of a person who goes from zero to the
unlikely hero, and who ultimately becomes a vital figure would prevent
the future apocalypse."The Terminator" is James Cameron's earliest masterpiece. Only after
years later, he presented the world with several great movies like
"Aliens", "The Abyss" and the sequel of this. And too he gave us the
two highest grossing movies of all time just for decades later:
"Titanic" and "Avatar". He, in the present day, has cemented himself as
one of the greatest filmmakers. His contributions like his
extraordinary visions for cinema, and his will to entertain audiences,
are rarely matched. His "Terminator" might just be the start of that
fire.(Cinematicmadness.blogspot.com) twitter: @Alex_DeSmall
			
Arnold Schwarzenegger brings presence, intensity and menace in James
Cameron's futuristic sci fi nightmare. James Cameron really showed his
talents as not only a writer, but as a film maker in this classic. The
story is fluent, the pace is frantic and is grounded by excellent
direction, great performances and good dialogue. The tone of the film
is dark and its ambiance is amped up by Brad Fiedel's ominous and
percussive score. Stan Winston's special make up f/x are top notch.
While Arnold as The Terminator is a focal point and in this role he is
perfect, it would be criminal to overlook the rest of the cast in this
picture. Michael Biehn gave an exceptional, intense balls out
performance here and carries the story delivering exposition while
being chased by The Terminator. Linda Hamilton is great too. She shows
a lot of range in this film. Lance Hendrickson and Paul Winfield give
brief, but memorable performances as cops. There also are some cool
cameos from Bill Paxton and Brian Thompson as punk rockers. This movie
is a solid production and holds up well. I am not much of a fan of the
sequels. T2 is clearly the best of the lot, but after that James
Cameron is no longer in the mix and from that point on continuity and
quality drop.
			
Simply said, "The Terminator" is a great film, and even better when you
watch it with the mindset of someone discovering it in 1984, a time
when Arnold Schwarzenegger's career was still to be consolidated, when
James Cameron wasn't yet that billion-ma'King of the world', when "I'll
be back" was still a quote that could be heard in any film without
being associated to a bad-ass catchphrase with an Austrian accent, when
Linda Hamilton still looked like a lovely doll begging for protective
hugs.In 1984, moviegoers went to see an entertaining B-movie starring that
Conan-the-Barbarian-guy with an accent that could hardly be taken
seriously. Even the producers and director expected a backslash from
the critics. Little did they know that they had just made a milestone
almost as significant for the Sci-fi genre than "Alien" five years
before, and that their humility would be rewarded by a
close-to-unanimous praise and a lightning propulsion into Pop- Culture.
Arnie became THE ultimate action-movie icon, and the rest is no less
legendary.And the reason the film works is its remarkable simplicity in each
aspect. First of all, the plot : an Artificial Intelligence company
named Skynet created such technologically advanced robots that they
rebelled against humans and provoked a nuclear holocaust until they
were almost defeated by the Rebel Chief John Connor. As a robot sent to
kill his mother before he'd exist, Schwarzenegger appears at night,
completely naked and takes some civilian clothes before tracking Sarah
Connor. But we're in a basic Sci-fi movie and the villain calls for a
hero, this is where Michael Biehn intervenes, he looks strong but he's
not the alpha male muscular type, what makes easier empathizing with
him.His mission is to protect Sarah Connor and kill the Terminator, so
running away can only be a temporary option. Yet if anything the
villain inspires is not to confront him. The Terminator doesn't know
what Sarah Connor looks like, but that's not an issue, any Sarah Connor
can potentially be John's mother and is terminated Skynet-style. The
murders are straightforward and chilling. At first, the Police don't
notice anything odd with that brutal murder, until a second Sarah
Connor is gunned down. What kind of serial killer works by the name?
Anyway, the most urgent is to protect any Sarah Connor living in L.A.,
including an adorable waitress, so far from that girl-power archetype
from the sequel.And this is one of the film's beauties, the absolute contrast between
the robotic killer and the harmless target. And this is where the
casting pays off; Arnold Schwarzenegger was certainly criticized for
the limitedness of his acting range, especially at a time where his
accent was stronger, but here, he's given a role that only an actor
like him could have portrayed perfectly: a cold and implacable killing
machine. The Terminator was nominated #22 villain in the American Film
Institute, but he's not sadistic, nor vicious, he's just programed that
way, which is why he's so scary. He's like a steamroller of brutality
that will ignore every obstacle until it gets him to Sarah Connor.And the film wouldn't have worked had Linda Hamilton looked or played
it like Ellen Ripley in "Alien", Obviously, a woman like Sarah Connor
needs a protection whether from the cops or from Biehn, and some bits
of luck that will prevent her from the fatal encounter. Indeed, when
the Terminator realizes he didn't kill the right woman although she
lived in Sarah's house, begins a breathtaking, spellbinding
cat-and-mouse chase. There are shootouts, there are car chases, but
they felt different because this time, the enemy doesn't try to get at
them but to kill them, they're means as well as ends. The Terminator is
an unstoppable death warrant, guided by fatality. Notice the scene
when, for once, Sarah gets the illusion of being finally protected, in
a commissariat. The Terminator's "I'll be back", especially when heard
for the first time, sums up everything, no matter how far away you try
to push him, he'll get back to you.And this, resonates as the voice of fatality, the omen of an inevitable
confrontation, something that neither Biehn, nor Sarah can't avoid, the
future has come to haunt them, and if Sarah is really the mother of a
future fighter, even she will have to express that 'fighting' part of
herself. Whether you look at the half-empty or half-full glass, you'll
see "Terminator" as a predestination or fatality movie. And I guess
this is why the appellation neo-noir isn't gratuitous. Noir is about
people who try to escape from a painful certainty but can't only
triumph over it by confronting it, at the cost of something precious
such as their innocence, their optimism, their faith on life or
humanity.And 'The Terminator" is mostly set at night, it features characters who
hide from these robots that remind them the apocalyptic future they
carry on their hands, their own responsibility. Of course, bonds ought
to be made and we have some clues that the predestination thing will
provide some curious loops that don't quite respect the orthodoxy of
time travels. But the film isn't about time travels, it's about a sense
of duty and responsibility. And in a way "The Terminator", as a
villain, is an inspiration for the heroes, as much as he must kill them
no mater what, they have to resist and to defeat him at any costs, the
measure of a great antagonist is the degree to which he allows the
heroes to overcome their weaknesses.As a matter of fact, the whole trilogy invites humans to question their
condition, from being masters to slaves of the technology, what you can
control can control you, it's all up to us to take the control of our
lives back. That's what Sarah Connor will do, and this is why she
becomes such a great heroine, the perfect match for such a great
villain.
			
In the not-too-distant future, machines rule the Earth and are locked
in combat with a gallant band of freedom fighters led by their leader
John Connor. Soon a murderous cyborg the T-800 (Arnold Schwarzenegger)
- a remorseless, relentless bogeyman with a bone- crushing steel
skeleton and a soul-piercing red diode glare - is sent back in time
from the future to kill the mother of the as-yet- unborn leader of the
human rebellion. Back in present-day Los Angeles, his mother  a
timorous pushover waitress Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) - is unaware
of her role in the struggles to come, until the arrival of our titular
terminator, whose only purpose is to kill her and thereby change the
future. Her only hope is a bashful guerrilla fighter Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn) who has followed the T-800 back through time to prevent
her death and evade any and all attacks from the killer cyborg, while
gradually forming a romance with her throughout the mission to preserve
her life. Can the Terminator track Sarah down and change the course of
the future?The story is deceptively tricky: In comparison to today's packaged
thrillers, this is a surprisingly vicious little film, filled with
indiscriminate killings and a rough-edged feel that makes it utterly
compelling. James Cameron's direction of the ensuing chaos is
masterful, and the characterization of the violence has something
agonizingly original about it. He manages to generate maximum
excitement from the very first frame and the dynamic thrills are
maintained right up to the nerve-jangling climax. What really propels
the movie, though, isn't the savagery but a well-written and taut
screenplay with a nice eye for sharp detail that doesn't tend to drift
off into the occasional ponderous bits. There's real heart and soul
here, along with Arnold's best-ever performance - as a lumbering slab
of dumb, destructive strength. Hamilton's performance as the bewildered
waitress who will unwittingly become the savior of the human race is
terrific. Biehn shines as Sarah's knight in shining armor.The Terminator grabs us right away and carries us to the end with
roller-coaster action sequences and clever time-travel twists. What it
results in is arguably the best science fiction thriller of all time
that throttles you with the air of a demented ballet.
			
After hearing many times to watch terminator series and seeing good
reviews finally saw all the terminator movies over the weekend. Being a
big fan of sci-fi genre, must say this movie establishes another
incredible sci-fi universe like alien,matrix,etc. even though last 2
movies were disappointing. Even if the effects looked very dated, still
its a evergreen classic which will be remembered for a long time. The
dreadful and menacing 'Terminator' played stylishly by Arnold
Schwarzenegger is one of his career defining roles. It feels like he
was destined for the role. The Terminator Theme by Brad Fiedel with the
clanging metal matches the character of Terminator perfectly and is one
of the best themes of all time alongside likes of Star Wars. James
Cameron makes skillful use of low-budget effect with a wonderful story.
I admired his work in 'Titanic' and 'Avatar', but now I have realized
his best work dates back in the 1980s-90s with the best film being
'Aliens'. A mysterious looking man with no clothes on emerges out of nowhere in
L.A. in 1984, he seems to be hunting a woman named Sarah Connor.
Similarly another man also emerges who is also looking for the same
woman. As it turns out this latter guy is there to protect the woman
from the earlier mysterious guy who isn't actually a man but machine
called 'Terminator' whose mission is to kill Sarah. Both are sent from
a post-nuclear war future where man and machine are fighting, and the
fate of Sarah is very important in the whole premise. Well the film
kind of shows that the Discovery of Arnold's character is a Terminator
a surprising moment as enough suspense gets built up. But since we are
already told in the beginning that in future there man vs machine war,
so I wouldn't consider it as spoiler. Also as soon as you have
time-travel involved in Sci-fi movies the emergence of some paradox is
imminent unless you draw line or stick with assumptions. The whole
franchise is affected by it, but I feel its the least in The
Terminator.Keeping aside the time-travel the movie's spotlight is its horrific and
suspenseful pursuit of Sarah by Terminator. Machines have no feelings
like emotion or fear, thus the ruthless Terminator has become like a
horror icon! Also there are scenes of the future earth where the
nuclear war destruction and the terror of the machine ravaging the
lives of humans.These make of think of the path the human race is
headed. Brad Fiedel score makes the atmosphere even more scary. Here we
have another blend scifi-horror like the 'Alien' and 'The Thing' only
with more action. But what makes Terminator a classic on its own is its
characters and story. Both Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn were
excellent. Without any doubt Arnold was bad- ass and the best. Also I
got to enjoy the famous dialogues like 'I'll be Back' or 'Come with me
if you want to live' which have become so iconic that all the
terminator sequels use them so as to entertain the fans of this
original film. The pacing is slightly slow but suspense keeps you
engaged. Overall if you think of time it was released, it is a classic
and breakthrough film in its genre. Despite not having great effects
and me watching it at a time where sci-fi movies aren't that rare 'The
Terminator' entertains a lot. It is because it has great story and
splendid characters and acting. The thing many special-effect driven
sci-fi movies miss nowadays. RATING: [4.5/5]
			
Arnold Schwarzenegger, in his most famous role, plays a brutal killing
machine sent into the past to kill the mother of the resistance leader
who leads the humans in the war against the machines in the future. A
human soldier is sent back in time to protect her. Cue loads of sublime
science fiction mayhem. The Terminator is inevitably dated due to the
small budget, but it's a great time at the movies. It is a science
fiction classic and completely deserves to be, thanks to the
interesting story and strong action sequences. While it's a fast paced
and snappy movie which hurtles along at breakneck speed, there's a
moving relationship in the film and the elements of time travel give
the story unexpected depth, which ensure the film certainly does not
represent its iconic antagonist. Arnold Schwarzenegger dominates the
screen in brilliant badass fashion and while he doesn't have many
lines, he delivers them excellently and is an intimidating and
threatening villain, although he's still not as cool as R2 D2 and C3PO.The brilliantly made action ensures the film crackles with high octane
thrills and genuine energy. There are too many chase sequences in the
film, but at least they remain fun despite some repetition. It's
overall a very well made film and delivers thrill after thrill. The
runtime isn't overlong and it's easy to watch and enjoy. Acting is all
around good and Sarah Connor, although she really became a cool
character in the sequel, isn't your typical damsel in distress. Kyle
Reese is also a very good character. In General, The Terminator is an
iconic and entertaining movie which has surprising depth and plenty of
fun action. It's not the best science fiction film ever and can't help
but look slight next to its dream sequel, Terminator 2 Judgement Day,
but mostly it's held up pretty well and even though the budget is
relatively small the effects and surprisingly convincing. James
Cameron's films can leave one cold, but he certainly knows how to turn
millions of dollars into ultra cool cinematic art and put butts on
seats.9/10
			
"The Terminator" is two things that are very good to be: a movie that
is of its time, and a movie for all time. From the opening minutes it
is almost fetishistically contemporary. A superimposed text says the
events of the film take place "tonight," a rather hokey tactic, most
often seen in the horror genre, that may create a sense of immediacy
for some first-run viewers but that becomes increasingly ironic as time
takes its toll on the fashion, the music, the hair, and so on.
"Terminator"'s first act is an onslaught of such tell-tale signs of the
time, and the time in question is peak 1980s. This is not a bad thing.
The movie so successfully captures the spirit of its era that later
movies set in its milieu often appear to be, and in many cases
undoubtedly are, copying it. It wasn't the first movie to take place in
fume- and trash-filled urban alleys and neon-lit dance clubs, or to
feature independent women who do things like have sex and ride
motorcycles without prompting censure or even comment, but it was
arguably the best and best-looking and most influential movie to do
these things at this time. In other words, it is an icon of 1980s film.It is also an icon of film generally. It accomplished that even grander
feat through a combination of brilliant achievements. First, the
casting, particularly of Arnold Schwarzenegger. His early acting career
benefited enormously from the existence of roles that nobody else could
have played quite as well. Conan the Barbarian was a near-Neanderthal:
strong, serious, a mythic figure of great stature and few words. The
Terminator is the same, though he kills for different reasons. Arnold
is menacing, darkly funny, and extremely cool in the role, all at once.
Second, the script. It serves timeless lines on a silver platter for
Schwarzenegger and the other two leads, and they all three seem to know
exactly what to do with them. They take soundbytes and throw them at us
like sticks of dynamite, and when they land we feel them: "Come with me
if you want to live," "I'll be back," and "You're terminated, f*cker."
(The last one is another reminder that we're in the 1980s, a long-ago
time when action and sci-fi movies were sometimes made for adults, not
just teens. The language here is strong, the violence is not all
bloodless, and the sex is very much on- screen.) Third, a time-travel
plot that is unusually well thought out, capable of being communicated
without too much belabored exposition, and that leaves plenty of room
for further exploration without raising too many unanswered questions.
It is strong conceptual ground on which to build a media empire.Like 1983's "WarGames" (which also featured a motorcycle-riding female
lead), the central idea in "Terminator" is that computers might one day
destroy humanity. Unlike "WarGames," which approached the subject from
a software angle and took its cues from real programming concepts,
"Terminator" casts a tangible piece of hardware in the role of
unstoppable stalker killer. This leads to perhaps its only real
weakness as a movie. Toward the end, as plot recedes and special
effects (mostly stop motion) come to the fore, it begins to feel too
much like the horror movies that it echoes in its opening text. The
false endings that typify that genre are as predictable as ever, and
the Terminator becomes just another riff on Michael Myers. But if the
penultimate scenes are derivative, they are nevertheless satisfying,
and the film ends on a note that provides closure and leaves you eager
for more.
			
Arnold Schwarzenegger, has proved that he can play as a Barbarian,
Hercules & another version of himself in Stay Hungry. Let's see if he
can play as a savage & terrorizing cyborg.So following my last review, I decided to stay with the theme, by going
with the original masterpiece, that showed viewers & critics alike that
films that are visuals juggernauts can tell a complex & non-generic
story. So the plot is about a cyborg assassin from the year 2029, who is sent
back to the 80's to stop the birth of future resistance leader: John
Connor. But due to John not being born yet, the "Terminator" as they
referenced it, was instead forced to terminate Sarah Connor. Now the film did two things to audiences: 1. It showed that
Schwarzenegger, could play a different & diverse role compared to his
standard Barbarian & Weightlifter roles. 2. Sci-Fi has become a serious
& cool genre as of this film, due to the film being a cult classic, it
cemented along with Star Wars, that Sci-Fi's were serious & cool.Actors & Actresses who stared in the flick included: Michael Biehn as
the futuristic protector of Sarah Connor & love interest: Kyle Reese &
Linda Hamilton as Sarah Connor a young woman living life until, her
life is changed forever.As a film Terminator earned a total of: $78,371,200 (Worldwide),
however it was amongst number # 21 in 1984's Highest Grossing Films,
picking up: $38,371,200The film was a major success to an extent, that it sported a huge &
memorable blockbuster sequel: T2: Judgement Day. The Terminator Franchise is one of Sci-Fi's crown jewels including:
Star Wars. This was the bases for the next 3 films in the franchise to
follow & results are: T2: Judgement Day & T3 Rise of Machines. But
those films will be talked about in another review.So my rating for this film is a 9.2 out of 10, it is a well crafted
film that James Cameron should be commended on. So if you are a fan of
awesome visuals, compelling stories & overall great Sci-Fi, then look
no further than The Terminator.So for more reviews, stay tuned to IMDb. This is JZNINJA & "I'll be
back"
			
It's fair to say The Terminator film, made on the comparative cheap,
propelled both James Cameron and Arnold Schwarzenegger to the pinnacle
of stardom. Not only that, but the film would give rise to a huge
franchise.The Terminator is the perfect vehicle for Arnold- his physique lends
itself naturally to the role of an unstoppable killing machine, and his
movements in this film are robotic and cold. There is not a single
sense of mercy from this machine- the Terminator is a creepy,
relentless killer.The Terminator is also one of Linda Hamilton's earliest roles and her
character of Sarah Connor, the mother of humanity's saviour, is a role
she would come to be closely identified with. Her wide-eyed, innocent
character has her world shattered, and Hamilton's performance is good.
She conveys this perfectly.Michael Biehn plays the desperate, war-weary Kyle Reese, the man sent
back in time to somehow protect Sarah from the Terminator. His
aggression, his rigid military attitude, slowly gives way to pain and
torment- both because of what he's been through and because he falls in
love with Sarah, ultimately becoming the father of the very man who
sent him back in time.The special effects are great for the time and watching the film today,
it still looks good, which is remarkable considering when it was made.
There are several stand-out scenes (including where the Terminator
rises out of the fire) and the whole film is a fast-paced, gritty,
nervy tale, as you wonder how the good guys can possibly destroy the
machine chasing them.Things end on a poignant note- the Terminator is destroyed, but Kyle
dies. Sarah then has to face the future, knowing that sooner or later,
a great storm is coming.
			
The Terminator launched an era of sci-fi action and endless copy cats
that never lived up to the originals. The film sets a lone soldier Kyle
Reese who is sent back through time to protect a woman Sarah Connor who
has a important destiny in the future. His opponent is a half human
half machine programmed to kill Sarah at all cost. The film is both
quite violent yet blends a romantic story within it's plot that is
touching and central to the story. For a film of the middle 1980's the
visual effects are still good yet somewhat dated but when this film
first appeared they were amazing. Stan Winston was a master of
animatronics and makeup effects and his work shines here. Arnold
Schwarzenegger comes off well as the emotionless machine and is well
balanced by Micheal Biehn's passionate Reese. Linda Hamilton completes
the trio and does solid acting as a confused and scared Sarah Connor
who finds her world and reality crumbling as the film progresses toward
it's conclusion. This film defined Arnold as action star and coined one
of the most well known one liners in Hollywood history.
			
4/4The Terminator is a very important film for the science fiction genre.
If it wasn't for James Cameron's nightmare there would be no Robocop
probably. There would be not as many robot films like there were today.
Not only is this movie important but it's as great as important it is.
It can be considered like a bit of a horror flick that gives you a
sense of suspense that can terrify you, and then there's extremely
awesome action scenes that not only are entertaining but help the movie
engage to extreme levels of creativity that advance the plot. Arnold
Shwarzenneger I can't believe I didn't mention at first had become one
of the most famous actors in history because of this film. Check this
film out and love it.
			
Assassination and murder often makes for a thrilling story as it is,
but what if the murderer happens to be a machine from the future?
Unstoppable, invincible, unable to feel pain or remorse, unable to
deviate from its programming. The terminator is an inherently scary
figure, partly because of the traits mentioned above, and also because
it comes from a scary future ravaged by nuclear war and a robot
apocalypse.The first Terminator film delivers its premise impeccably, and does so
with an agreeable amount of action. Granted that all the sequels have
surpassed this film in terms of action, The Terminator still delivers
plenty of thrills as the titular machines brutally hunts down its
targets. Most of the movie is comprised of chases: car chases, foot
chases, with intermittent shootouts, explosions, and fights. In spite
of this, the film drags very little; it's actually quite tight, as it
effectively uses the space in between the action to develop the story
and characters.And the story is quite sound, partly because of its unique premise, and
largely because it's told really well. It makes phenomenal use of
flashbacks to reinforce the background and characters of the story. Its
focus on the characters is superb, and you really grow to care for them
by the film's end. Overall, the film shows great depth and detail to
make it stand above and beyond most other sci-fi flicks.The film looks great, with excellent photography and editing. A lot of
scenes, such as the nightclub scene, leaves a great lasting impact.
Acting is great: I love Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn, and Arnold
Schwarzenegger in their respective roles. Writing is pretty decent.
This production has plenty of good, utilitarian sets, props, costumes,
and special effects. Music is really weird, but very moody and
appropriately industrial.Highly recommended! 4.5/5 (Entertainment: Good | Story: Perfect | Film:
Very Good)
			
Mr. Cameron has made a swift, exciting special-effects epic that
thoroughly justifies its vast expense.Cameron directs with a huge
amount of style and personality, effortlessly jumping from the $6.4
million original to the $88 million sequel. Terminator 2: Judgment Day
is an enjoyable, often exhilarating piece of filmmaking, with a wry
sense of humor to boot. This video is about Atari Portfolio. Atari is the notebook of John
Connor. He hacked the PIN code n the access code to the lab with this
laptop. In this video, I have collected unique photos of Atari
Portfolio! Look!http://minutta.com/video/1332.1356710561.156
			
The Terminator is a great movie with a terrific,action packed story
from start to finish and a good cast.The movie is very well known,still
today,and all that credit has to go to Arnold Schwarzenegger,who plays
a breathtaking performance as the Terminator himself from start to
finish,his performance is brilliant,and no one else could have done a
better job.A robotic assassin from the future comes to kill Sarah Connor,who's son
will grow up to lead humanity in a war against machines,its up to Kyle
Reese to protect Sarah. -4/5 Stars
			
The only alternative to our dependence on machines is devolving to a
primitive existence of labor intensive survival, that leaves little
time for leisure activities and vanity devices like Walkman and hair
driers.So in the future when our sophisticated, high-tech indulgences become
self aware and decide we are the plague that infests this planet, all
Hell breaks loose. This is not an original Sci-Fi scenario but it is
one ready made for the Reagan era (SDI) and our periodic pondering of
industrial and technological "advancements".This was a modest budget sleeper that awakened movie goers with its
dark palette of stylized violence and intense, non-stop action and
pacing. It revved them up with a screen filled with loud machines, dark
cityscapes, seedy motels, and an air of impending doom. The intensity
only pauses long enough for the virgin Father (a modern twist) to plant
the seed of the "Savior".This has all the elements of a classic Sci-Fi welded on to a Horror
movie chassis that moves like a roller-coaster. It is intelligent and
intense, violent with sensitivity, and is humorous and entertaining.
This movie was the beginning of a "new wave" and its style and conceits
would become classic, unlike that 80"s synth soundtrack that is as
dated as Disco. Speaking of time-lines, oh on second thought, let us
not.
			
The Terminator is a perfect example of what James Cameron can do with a
limited budget, and when he's not relying on special effects. There's
lovely bits of character development littered through it as well, not
in your face back story, just stuff that make the characters a bit more
human (well bar Arnie obviously). I think what makes it such a great
film is the fact that it doesn't rely on massive special effects to
make it good. They really do play a back seat role, and the fact that
it's just a really simple narrative makes it work very well. It's more
of a violent game of cat and mouse, with a massively overshadowing
sense of no hope. The plot is well thought out, and the characters are
very believable. There's no doubt in my mind that Arnold Schwarzenegger
is a terrible, terrible actor, but the thing about him in the
Terminator series is that you just don't care. The main reason being is
that he's playing a cyborg, and isn't supposed to show any emotion. I
think what this film managed to do very well, which I think lacked in
all the other films, is the genuinely chilling atmosphere. I think the
soundtrack plays a really big part in this, it sounds like a violent,
orchestrated game boy soundtrack. There's something just so fitting
about it.I really love Judgement Day, and find it the best in the series, for
the mere fact that it feels a lot more entertaining, and even though
it's a massive blockbuster movie, Cameron (before he got bad) managed
to perfectly balance action and drama. The first one however, I think
is a massive accomplishment and I part of me loves just how independent
it looks. It was made with a budget of 6 million, and I really do feel
that more movies today would benefit from having a really stripped back
budget, just so they can concentrate on character development and
atmosphere rather than shooting and explosions and putting everything
on the screen with SFX.
			
Schwarzenegger; love him or hate him you have to give him credit for
knowing what he is and what he isn't. He knows his acting presence is
never going to be mentioned with the same breathless awe of Meryl
Streep. Arnie does a great job of choosing roles that suit him
perfectly. One of those roles is the near monk-like silence of the cult
classic killing machine known as the Terminator. We can overlook the fact that Skynet chose to send back a Terminator
with a heavy Austrian accent to 1980's America because over the twenty
or so times I have seen this film I really could not care less. This is
probably Schwarzenegger's greatest film. The role doesn't ask too much
of him and he plays it perfectly. As soon as Arnie is teleported,
crouching fully naked beside a dump truck he is the Terminator. Many
people would demean him, claiming it only works because he cannot act.
I disagree. Acting is making the viewer believe and whilst watching
this film you don't see former Mr Universe, you see an unstoppable
cyborg killer would will not stop and not rest until he has completed
his task. What works for The Terminator is the simple premise and James Cameron's
ability to put a new spin on something we've seen before. He did it
with Alien and like it or not he did it with Avatar. The rules of time
travel are well worked out and simply explained. Nothing dead can
travel back in time (Hence why we get treated to Arnie and Michael
Biehn's buttocks at the start of the film). The Terminator itself
cheats this rule by being living organism over metal skeleton. Perhaps most striking about this film, given that it was made in the
action hero 1980s where machine gun wielding bodybuilders was the norm,
is that the hero character is female. Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) is
now an icon. She's not the atypical screaming woman who's running up
the stairs instead of out the door. She's a normal woman, working part
time at a diner, living with a roommate and struggling to find a
boyfriend that isn't more concerned about his car. When the time comes,
she steps up to the demands of the film. She never thought she could be
a hero or brave or fight a cyborg from the future but she does all of
these things and the film is really about her and her journey. Much of the colour and explanation comes from the haunted but utterly
devoted Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) who successfully balances the
forlornness of the future with his love for Sarah and determined
resolve to protect her. He is the underdog in this fight and it's hard
not to root for someone so passionate. A supporting cast of Paul Winfield, Lance Henriksen and Earl Boen as
the psychiatrist add a light-heartiness to a very bleak and depressing
environment. It works. Cameron's direction and pacing transition well
between visions of a possible future and the unravelling present. There is a reason this film was selected by the Library of Congress for
preservation in the National Film Registry a requisite being
'culturally, historically or aesthetically significant'. The Terminator
is all these things. It is a film that has referenced and inspired so
many others and if it's not on your list of films to watch before you
die, then you are a fool.
			

The ultimate success of Terminator is based on the casting of
Schwarzenegger. Everybody knows that; and just a quick glance through the
comments of IMDB users is enough to convince anyone that that is the
majority view. But why? Surely any hulking brute could have filled the
role
just as amply? Answer - no. Arnie wasn't just born to play a cyborg
because
he had a pneumatic physique. On the contrary, it's his robotic austrian
grasp of English, his total physical stiffness, and his face redolent of a
Barbie Doll "Ken" on anabolic steroids that do it. In 1986, the real Arnie
was little more than an android himself - so unwieldy that he'd had to
tone
down his workout for 'Conan' simply so as to be able to swing a sword
comfortably. It's one reason why the play's most grating 'special effect'
(the moquette head used to conduct the eye operation) paradoxically
doesn't
grate that much: it may look like bad Harryhausen; but then again so does
Schwarzenegger.The film's other major selling-point is its gritty reality. Terminator had
low production values; and the result is a city and characters that don't
look like they've been made up to look normal, but just convince
naturally.
Lance Henirksen, Paul Winfield and Earl Boen do a great job as fatigued,
bored, caffeine/nicotine dependent middle-rankers caught up in something
which they simply do not understand until it's far too late. The fact that
the film only depicts the future post-apocalypse in the odd isolated scene
or two (which really don't do anything for the film apart from make the
limitations of its budget that bit more noticeable) keeps it firmly seated
in the 80s. Someone said that the 80s are now more alien to us than a
mesolithic culture. I don't agree with that in the slightest; but I
vaguely
see what he's getting at when I see 80s LA in Terminator; though familiar,
it's cold, unfriendly, and deeply threatening. The 'First Encounter'
sequence in the night-club builds up an almost unbearable sense of tension
with its muffled background acoustic rock, the blood-red disco lighting,
and
the slow-motion photography, which suddenly explodes into full-speed,
frenetic action, and the audience's terror, pent up for a good twenty
minutes or more, gets a chance to release itself as Michael Biehn blasts
Arnie out through the window with his shotgun, each volley almost
prompting
a relieved scream of encouragement mixed with fear from the viewer.Everything else slots into place very nicely: the music is brooding and,
as
someone else rightly puts it lower down, primitive in a mechanical way;
reflecting the Terminator's quasi-primal relentlessness. Unlike T2, none
of
the action sequences look contrived; the sequel has a tendency to lose
itself up its own sphincter with John-Woo style shots; cf Arnie's boot
trampling the rose bouquet in slo-mo in the shopping mall. T1 has none of
this. It is exciting, yet somehow faintly believable. There is no attempt
to
make the camera-work 'speak' in any way: the director is simply content to
let the camera rest on the Terminator, who speaks well enough for himself.
Add in the odd bit of black humour ("you're dead, honey", quips Sarah's
work
chum as they view the news of the Terminator's first strike on TV) and you
have an extremely compelling film. I defy anyone to watch the first ten
minutes and not sit through the rest. The whole premise of the
Terminator's
invincibility leaves us on tenterhooks throughout, wondering how the hell
he
CAN be stopped. The sense of relief when it eventually succumbs is
overwhelming, and postively catharthic.

			

The Terminator is, at its heart, a B-movie in many ways.  It's an action
flick with plenty of testosterone and cool special effects.  But it's also
so much more.  It has a great villain, an interesting and plausible
storyline, good performances, and a touching love story.  If you love
science fiction, you must see this movie.
			

This movie stands out for its uniqueness and plot.  The suspension of
disbelief is very appealing.  The changes from the beginning to end are very
vast as well as subtle.  I never tire from watching it and I can probably
quote the majority of the movie verbatim.  The cast is not large, and the
special effects are unusual for the year it was made.  The story is timeless
and the movie could be made today and still get the same response from the
public if not better.
			

"Terminator" was one of the best Sci-Fi/Action film I've ever seen.  James
Cameron did an excellent job as a director.  Arnold played the Terminator
very well.  Although, I prefer to see him as a good guy.  This film gets a
9.0 out of 10. 
			
The Terminator is very much a thinker's movie. The plot is that in the
future there is a war between humanity and machines. The machines send
back a cyborg (Arnold Schwarzenegger) to 1984 to kill a waitress named
Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) who will give birth to the future leader
of the human resistance John Connor. Humanity sends a soldier named
Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) to protect Sarah from the terminator. But
Kyle is only human and therefore not as powerful. It has good action
scenes but it's also very much a thinker's movie. It brings up
questions like "Are we going to destroy ourselves?" and "Will
technology outgrow humanity?" It brings up these questions which I seem
to think about to this day. The best part of the movie is the police
station shootout, where Schwarzenegger says the famous line, "I'll be
back." Go see it.
			
You hear the name James Cameron and immediately think of big Hollywood
spectacle. I mean, if nothing else, he's a consummate showman. And yet,
one of his best movies works strictly on economy. "The Terminator"
takes the B-movie premise of a killer robot stalking a young woman and
infuses it with imagination. It's a terrific script that takes time
travel, a love story and a nightmarish vision of the future and weaves
it all into something exciting. You can see the constraints of the
budget in the DIY effects, but the real joys of this movie lie in its
flawless pacing and brutal efficiency. Schwarzenegger is imposing
enough, but the image of the endoskeleton in the factory is still scary
as hell.There's an imaginative sci-fi angle to this, but Cameron knows you just
can't beat a good thriller.9/10 9/10
			
When talking about the great sci fi action films the terminator is
always near the top for me and was massively ahead of its time. The
story sees that in the future the machines have taken over until they
are defeated by a leader called John Connor. In a last ditch attempt
they send a terminator back to the 1980s to kill his mother Sarah. In
response Connor sends one of his best soldiers back to protect his
mother. Now Arnold Schwarzenegger has become famous for his portrayal
as the terminator and this is one of the best villain roles ever. He
totally encapsulated what this cyborg needed to be and it is one of the
best ever villain performances. Linda Hamilton is best known for her
portrayal as Sarah Connor and she is really good in her role and
because of her averagness you really care about her character and hope
nothing bad happens to her. Lt traxler was a pretty good character too
even though he isn't in the film that much. Maybe the only negative I
have about this film is the character of Kyle Reese, i'm not sure if
it's the performance or if he is really just good for exposition. The
character was important and I just wasn't a big fan of the character.
The story is simple but effective and it just works. Also James Cameron
created a sci fi universe in this film and it is one that fits the
dystopian idea perfectly. The script is great with the dialogue between
the characters feeling natural and made the characters, also this film
has some of the most iconic lines in film history in it. The style is
fantastic with all the action scenes being exciting and high octane,
also the design of the terminator was way ahead of its time and it was
great in this film. Also the future scenes were great in the way they
should be. Overall this is a fantastic film that you should definitely
see.
			
The Terminator (James Cameron, 1984) It's easy to see how The
Terminator put James Cameron on the map. Whether or not the story is
entirely original (and of course, like maybe all sci-fi concepts, it's
been done again and again, in the Doctor Who story Day of the Daleks
just to name one example), the way Cameron put it all together is
impressive. The storyline generates lots of genuine suspense, even when
you know exactly what's going to happen, even when you know how it will
happen. Linda Hamilton makes a great protagonist, her character arc
developing quite believably given her performance. The special effects
and the dialogue are sometimes a bit cheesy... but it was the Eighties,
what can you do?The chase/fight scenes are not overdone (unlike certain newer movies
like Man of Steel and Pacific Rim). The sequence of the police
psychologist interviewing Reese provides some welcome comic relief, as
do a couple of other sequences here and there. Arnold Schwarzenegger's
questionable acting abilities are actually put to good advantage: he
plays a believable robot.Overall I am pleased with The Terminator, which deserves its positive
reputation as a force of pop culture. Solid piece of science fiction
too.Sarah Connor was just damn lucky she was listed as the last Sarah
Connor in the phone book! 9/10
			
There has long been a tradition in cinema of actors whose good looks or
sheer physicality far outstripped their Thespian talents. Of these
Arnold Schwarzenegger is in a league of his own. His nickname of
Austrian Oak seems to refer not just to his impressive stature but to
his woodenness before the camera. And yet he became an icon in the
1980s by managing to get cast in parts which didn't stretch his
disappointing range. What do you do with a monotonous voice and a body
that looks like it could punch through concrete? You play a robot,
that's what.Oh, sorry, not a robot. A *cyborg*Yes, the 1980s run of hi-octane sci-fi actioners was a boon for
Schwarzenegger. The idea of some technological terror coming to get us
was hardly new. It was the subject of a lot of 50s B-movies, and if you
want to go back further you could include Frankenstein as well. The
Terminator is essentially an update of these stories for the
then-fledgling age of computers and robotics. It's not the best bit of
writing ever. There is some woeful dialogue, and enough logical flaws
in the plot to drive a juggernaut through, but this doesn't really
matter because the screenplay only really exists to give us a thrilling
action adventure. And the central premise  futuristic warriors
battling it out over the life of a present day woman  provides a
strong enough core to build any number of fight and chase scenes
around.The Terminator was the second feature of James Cameron, and he shows
early on a skillful blending of terror and excitement. The picture
moves fast, so he doesn't have much time to establish elements of
horror, but he is adept at throwing something into the frame  such as
the prominent window behind Linda Hamilton  to introduce a little note
of uncertainty and danger. To maintain the pace, Cameron's tack is to
keep the images constantly moving, not letting the tempo down even in
quiet moments. After Arnie utters the immortal "I'll be back" line, we
cut between near identical close-ups of the desk sergeant's paperwork 
an utterly pointless bit of editing narrative-wise but it brilliantly
ratchets up the tension before it all kicks off. Cameron also loves to
make the audience feel involved, frequently placing us within the
action. The first shot in the modern day has the camera underneath the
jaws of a monstrous-looking digger. Often characters are seen advancing
towards the retreating camera. It's worth remembering that Cameron was
of the first generation of filmmakers to be influenced by video games.
Not that earlier directors hadn't used these techniques, but I think
that idea of feeling like a participant in the action really helped
shape his approach.The movie looks neat too despite what was a relatively low budget for
the era and genre. They have really gone to town on all the tropes of
the 80s action movie  dry ice, blue lightning and alleyways full of
billowing newspapers and homeless people. In a way, that contrast
between piercing white light and smoky shadow was the 80s equivalent of
chiaroscuro lighting. Very often of course it is hiding the clunkiness
of the special effects, which are strictly old-school. Personally I
love the movie's pre-CGI charm. This really was a golden age for
animatronics, even as they were becoming obsolete.So, where does Mr Schwarzenegger fit into all this? With The Terminator
we have a movie where fast-paced action runs roughshod over logic, and
it doesn't call for amazing dramatic performances. Look at the other
players  Linda Hamilton is passable but not amazing, and Michael Biehn
is dreadful to the point of irritating. Outside of this movie, both
Hamilton and Biehn were better actors than Schwarzenegger, but here it
is Arnie who is the most compelling and watchable, simply because
playing a hard, mechanical killing machine is the one thing he could do
really well. Just for once, he gets to be convincing, chilling, the
captivating heart of the movie. Good for him.
			
Hard to believe that James Cameron started out with something as small
budgeted as The Terminator, and now he has directed the two highest
grossing films of all time. Today a lot of people hate James Cameron
because he has mediocre stories mixed in with amazing special effects,
where as 30 years ago he brought us a very well done story about how
technology may overthrow the human race one day.Now a few things I didn't like in this movie, it is a little bit slow,
if you are very impatient you may not like this movie, but if you can
get pass the slower parts you will find a really fun flick. I don't see
why they couldn't just wrap laser guns in a piece of meat, I didn't see
much purpose in following the police chief, he doesn't have much impact
on the story, and it can be very depressing at times, and would have
been nice to have a little more comic relief.I love stories that try to warn us about how we can mess up the future,
either by government or technology. This film applies more today than
it did back in 1984 now that we have Internet, cell phones, iPods and
all that. The special effects are excellent, and this movie had a very
low budget. The action scenes are good, but nothing groundbreaking,
they get the story moving, but they're nothing special. And the
characters are all interesting, weather you like James Cameron or not,
you can't deny he knows how to make a strong female lead, and Sarah
Conner is one of them. She starts out as a waitress who can't even do
her job right, then becomes a bada** near the end.The Terminator is one of the best examples of how to make a film on a
low budget. Both the story, and the special effects are great, the
characters are interesting, and it's just a fun movie to watch. It's
got a great look to it, and warns us how technology may turn on us one
day.
			
The 70's and 80's are two decades that produced breakthrough movies in
science fiction and action. Besides Terminator, we got Back to the
Future, Indiana Jones, Star Wars, and more. The Terminator is a welcome
addition to that group. Despite the low budget, this movie was a box
office hit and a fan favorite.This is about a machine who came from the future in order to destroy
Sarah Connor so she doesn't give birth to her son.Arnold proves in many movies that he knows how to do action. This must
have been the first movie I rooted for the villain. Don't get me wrong,
I still sympathized with Sarah. It's just that The Terminator is very
hardcore.Overall, this is a masterpiece by James Cameron. If it wasn't for a
semi slow start, this movie is perfect. I rate this film 9/10.
			
CAn't do it,can you? That's how indelible Arnold Schwazenegger is as
the title character,a perfectly made HK(Hunter KIller)android who has
been sent from the future to eliminate the would-be mother of
humanity's fiercest rebel and last true hope. Fortunately for the heroine of this show,SArah Connor(LInda
Hamilton,before she beefed into the tough-chick she'd be type cast as
AFTER T2,and probably best remembered as a similar,somewhat weaker type
character in previous films like TAG and Children of the Corn),said
machine has had to waste his way through Los Angeles to find her,so
this buys her some time while one Kyle Reese(Michael Biehn,whose career
has never completely up-turned since Aliens)also from the future,goes
in pursuit of the 'droid AND protect Sarah,thus ensuring the birth of
humanity's hero,one John Connor,and protecting humankind's future. As
the droid draws nearer and nearer to Sarah and Kyle,and the body count
rises,an adrenaline-pumping,gut-wrenching battle between Man's last
best hope and a killing machine who"has no pity,no conscience,cannot be
bargained with and will not stop until it finds and terminates its
target(I'm paraphrasing here somewhat)" chugs toward fruition.I learned not too long ago that director and co-writer James Cameron
had NOT planned a sequel(let alone a trilogy or series)of this film and
intended it to be a singular ending. Looking back at it as a whole
product,it makes more sense(and that's all I'm saying from there so as
to avoid any spoilers for those out there who HAVEN'T seen this film or
aren't at least familiar with it). I can both understand why this film
was only a marginal success when it was first released in late
Fall/early Winter 1984: much of the cast were somewhat unknowns at the
time,save Paul Warfield(As a doubting yet humane cop) and,of
course,bodybuilding champ Schwarzenegger,and the concepts and images of
the film were pure Sci-Fi,which always seems to be a bit of a hard sell
to the general public. But much like another movie released around the
same time,A Nightmare on Elm Street,it was a fairly unique and
inexorably memorable movie that was bound to not only have sequels made
but practically change the face of the genres they were made in. It's
sequels are both well made(and I actually appreciated the whole size
and scope of it's 1991 sequel,T2;Judgement Day somewhat better,the best
of all three),and I intend to catch the next in the series,should it be
made. Since Arnold vowed he was not doing any more movies as long as
he's in public office,that could be a while. Still,it took almost
twenty years to continue the simple storyline of man's battle with
machines who've become far too powerful over just THREE movies,so
what's another twenty years? It very well may be back.
			
The Terminator has gone down as an all time classic sci-fi thriller,
and Arnie Schwarzenegger shines as the killing machine. He carries the
role off with sheer excellence and poise.This is Arnold at his best; he has had a long career, but will never
shake off this terrific and important role, which has become one of my
favourite films of all time.Taught direction from James Cameron, great performances from Linda
Hamilton and Michael Biehn, terrific music and sheer terror witnessed
from start to finish, makes The Terminator a simply wonderful, engaging
film that has never been bettered, both before and after.One of the most important movies of the 80s, and indeed, of all time,
The Terminator is sheer excellence, and will remain far superior when
compared to the two sequels.
			
The Terminator (1984): Dir: James Cameron / Cast: Arnold
Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn, Lance Henriksen, Paul
Winfield: Exhilarating science fiction action film about all that is
final. A cyborg drops to earth from an energy field. Underneath his
perfect normality is a deadly machine programmed to kill Sarah Connor.
A soldier from the future is sent via energy field to protect her
because her life is important to the survival of the future John
Connor. Extremely tense action particularly when it appears that the
Terminator is virtually unstoppable. This makes room for interesting
elements such as his ability to manipulate. James Cameron does an
excellent job at staging the action as well as creating a convincing
robotic structure. Arnold Schwarzenegger is overwhelming and
intimidating as the cyborg whose defeat arrives when Connor uses the
obvious against him. Michael Biehn is pushed to his physical limits as
the soldier who is believed to be insane. Sarah is played by Linda
Hamilton confused regarding a fate she didn't ask for. Lance Henriksen
is unfortunately underused as a detective who could have provided an
interesting investigating subplot. Paul Winfield plays another police
official questioning Sarah Connor. The film is visually ahead of its
time. Theme regards our problematic relationship with machines. Score:
9  / 10
			
Time-travel. Science fiction. Visions of the future. Action/Adventure.
You name it, and "The Terminator", one of the most genre-diverse films
ever made, probably has it.For a basic plot summary, this movie begins in the year 1984. Out of
thin air, two individuals suddenly appear and are searching for the
same woman: Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton). One man, Kyle Reese (Michael
Biehn) wants to protect her. The other, a machine simple known as The
Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) wants to kill her. As the story
unwinds and the chase continues, we are introduced to an intriguing
storyline involving time-travel and the fate of the planet.Simply stated, this movie remains a classic to this day because it
tells such an engaging, interesting story. It balances the time travel
and sci-fi aspects with real-life drama and action. There is a little
something for everyone.This was the movie that made the name James Cameron famous, and one can
tell that he put a lot of effort into this undertaking. He tells a
story that is actually too big (technically-speaking) for it's
britches, as it is now obvious that copious amounts of either CGI or
plastic were used to create some of the effects. Instead of dating the
film, though, these little anachronisms actually give it a bit of
gravitas. It was as if Cameron wanted so badly to direct this story,
but had to rely on sub-standard equipment to "get the job done".Overall, "The Terminator" is an 80s classic. It is now kind of
stereotyped as "I'll be back" and "just a shoot-em-up" chase film, but
that couldn't be further from the truth. Go back and watch it again,
and I promise you'll be equally impressed with the storytelling
ability. That, at it's core, is what makes this movie relevant 30 years
later.
			
In the year 2029 mankind has been virtually wiped out by intelligent
machines but humanity is fighting back under the leadership of John
Connor. It is too late for the machines to defeat him so they send a
cyborg killer, a Terminator, back to 1984 to kill his mother, Sarah
Connor, before he is even conceived! John couldn't stop this plan so he
sends his closest friend, Kyle Reese, back to protect her. Sarah is
just an ordinary young woman who has no idea what is about to happen to
her; the first she knows that something strange is happening is when
two other women, also named Sarah Connor, are reported brutally
murdered. It looks as if she will be next but Kyle rescues her just in
time she isn't safe though; the Terminator is virtually indestructible
and it has only one mission; to kill her.It is hard to believe that this film is now thirty years old; apart
from the '80s 'big hair' it has hardly dated. The plot is relatively
straightforward and little time is wasted on unnecessary twists. Arnold
Schwarzenegger understandably dominates as the merciless Terminator; he
may be a character of few words but those he does say have become
iconic; 'I'll be back' has become his catchphrase thanks to him saying
it once in this film. Linda Hamilton does a fine job as the ordinary
woman, Sarah Connor, we can believe that despite her obvious
vulnerability she has an inner strength. Michael Biehn is also good,
playing Kyle, a tough but very human character. Director James Cameron
gets the action started early on and it doesn't let up until the end.
The action is fairly violent, for the most part it doesn't dwell on
injuries but there are still a few shocking moments as innocent people
are gunned down. Overall I'd say that this is a great film that stands
multiple viewings; I know a lot of people prefer the second instalment
in this franchise but for me this is the best.
			
The Terminator is one of the most popular and well-known science
fiction movies ever made. The film is quite well-paced and provides
thrills throughout its runtime. Even though the special effects might
not dazzle the people who are watching in 2015, they must have been
quite impressive at the time it was released. The story involves a
Terminator that is a Cyborg sent back into time to terminate Sarah
Connor. The titular Terminator is played by Arnold Schwarzenegger who
has minimal dialogs in this movie but is able to portray the ruthless
demeanor of the emotionless cyborg perfectly. The film does not dwell
too deep into the technicalities of time-travel but the action scenes
make up for its plot holes. The director James Cameron rose to fame
following the success of this movie and that is because the movie is
timeless. A must watch!!!
			
I had heard good things about this movie and I believe good dosen't do
the film justice. The story line is so original and it has the perfect
blend of action and story. It focuses on Sarah Connor, a woman who will
give birth to the future resistance leader of the human race, as she is
hunted by a robotic cyborg who has been sent from the future to kill
her. She is also protected by a human called Reese who has also been
sent from the future. The story is so unique and all the actors are
amazing. The fight and action sequences are perfectly shot. Despite
some people saying the CGI would be laughable but for the time it was
released it was groundbreaking. The standout is Arnold Schawzneger who
shines as the tough, emotionless cyborg. I love this movie and it is a
standout of the science fiction genre.
			
I have said it before - I am not one to fall in with the hype of a
movie on the top 250 but Terminator has something about it, what?
Partially it is the terror Schwarzenegger portrays (that he is able to
survive just about anything, not talking about his acting). Partially
it is the fact that in spite of its age it still remains timeless
(except maybe the fashion) but mostly, its because of the entertaining
script and the great execution of the plot.The plot is a rather interesting premise and yet not complicated. A
soldier is sent from the future to protect a woman - who will mother
the leader of the human resistance of a machine vs human war - against
a machine disguised as a man sent to kill her before he is even
conceived.I have to compliment how well the performances were. Linda Hamilton is
a little overlooked in her role as Sarah and she does bring depth to
the role as does Michael Biehn in his role as Kyle.Any complaints about this film? When the second Sarah Connor died I
would think that the police would try and bring in the remaining Sarah
for protection. Its a bit of a small one but am I supposed to believe
that after cops find a pattern emerging in a serial killer's ploy they
do nothing? Overall I recommend if you want a well written sci-fi
thriller.
			

This film has to be the most terrifying film ever and it does not let up
for
the entire film. This film was also special for the leading man Arnold
schwarzenegger (who absolutly laps up the role of the machine that wont
die)
as this was the film that made him a hollywood star.n Anyway back to the
film as you my know arnold is the cyberdyne model 101 terminator who is
sent
back throught time to kill the mother of a future rebal leader John Conner
because he is the one who can wipe out the machines existence. Also sent
back through time is a lone warrior called Kyle Reese (played by Micheal
Biehn) who has been sent to protect Sarah conner (played by Linda
Hamilton).
The plot moves at such a fast pace that the action move to fast to keep up
with. Overall this has to to be my altime favourite film. 9/10

			

My top ten favourite movies:
10: House on Haunted Hill 9: Robocop 3 8: Liar Liar 7: Tomb Raider 6: Shrek
5: Robocop 2 4: Scream 3 3: Scream 2: T2: Judgement Day 1: The
TerminatorThis is one of the best movies in the history of movie making. Its way ahead
of its time and it has some excellent special effect. This movie is better
than T2 but T2 is still excellent. Roll on Terminator 3.If you like this try: T2: Judgement Day, Robocop, End of
DaysOverall: 10/10
			

For me T1 outstrips T2 in many departments, primarily because any sequel
that rides off the back of a very successful original will have a bigger
budget, more technicians, more scriptwriters, bigger & better sfx etc
etc.So it came as no surprise to see that T2 had all these features but at the
end of the day it was nothing more than a retread of T1, and as a
consequence doesn't fall into the same classic status as its
parent.When I first saw T1 back in 1985 I'd hardly heard of Arnie apart from his
Conan films. But as the film rolled I immediately began to warm to him as
the cold calculating cyborg on a mission to kill his nemesis (sarah Connor)
from the past who's future son will change the outcome of a war between
humans & cyborgs, something that Arnie, as a T800 cyborg has been returned
to the past to prevent.As one would except from a Cameron/Hurd film the action comes thick and
fast, but the story & the characterisation isn't forgotten in all the
mayhem.The lead protaganists, Connor (Hamilton), Reese (Biehn) and of course
Arnie,
do a very good job with their characters. Ok, so Arnie doesn't get round to
saying too much, probably because of his Austrian accent being a little too
thick for American audiences to take on board. However, his accent is
perfect for the T800,adapting to the world of 1984.There are many great moments in the film and of course there are one two
classic quotes that will go down in cinema history, such as "I'll Be
Back!!"
and "F**k You, ***hole!". you just have to watch the movie to understand
how
those quotes fit perfectly into the story!It was interesting that Arnie very much wanting to play the badguy in T800.
Perhaps he felt at the time that this would be his big chance to get into
the Hollywood limelight - and boy did it pay off in spades.T1 is good on video but is even better on DVD. You can still see the small
budget in this film and there are a lot of sfx that look quite basic, as
well as positively visible. However, that was all to change when T2 came
along and a new generation of cgi & morphing made audiences' jaws drop in
amazement.But for the gee-whizz sfx of T2 I would recommend T1 first and foremost.
Its
a great film and has a cult following too. We will have to see what T3 has
to offer next year, but T1 will still be way ahead of the
crowd.****/*****
			

I love almost every aspect of this movie.  The plot, the pacing, the score. 
This is still Arnold's best (of the ones that I have seen).  I would love to
see this movie cleaned up in the same way Star Wars was.  Not that the
effects were bad.  James and his crew did better that most with a low
budget.  My favorite seen is when Kyle shoots the Terminator through the
window of Tech-Noir and says to Sarah, "Come with me if you want to live." 
The look on her face is priceless.  A must see.
			

This is the role Arnold was born to play.  Arnold's ability to project
menace and an aura of invincibility are crucial to the success of the film
and he doesn't disappoint.  From the moment the Terminator shows up he seems
so ruthless and imposing that he literally seems unstoppable. I thought the
scene in the disco was a real standout.  This movie was made before Cameron
became a star director who could command big budgets and elaborate special
effects.  The story and plotting are much tighter and more focused than in
any of his other films and the result is a great action movie and Cameron's
best work.  Highly recommended.
			

A great film, the Terminator packs a wallop as far as 
casting, acting, writing, and basically everything is concerned,
but, however, the film suffers (mildly) from the cheap musical score (except
the opening theme). Now, a very dramatic and 
serious pic such as this one should'nt have such bad synthesized
music. But I understand that the film was made on an unbelievably small
budget. The special effects are terrific,
the story is ingeniuos, and AHNOLD is cooler than ever!

			

The Terminator stars Arnold Schwarzenegger a cyborg (part man/part machine)
from the future on a mission to kill a seemingly innocnet woman (Linda
Hamilton). Micheal Biehn plays a rebel soldier sent from the future to try
and stop the Terminator from killing Sarah Connor (Hamilton).This was Arnold Scharzenegger's big break in the movie business. It also was
a big film for James Cameron. Although with a low budget ($6.4 million) it
still had above average special effects. All in all The Terminator is a
great movie. Also starring Paul Winfield and Lance Henriksen.*** 1/2 out of ****
			

This is truly one of those groundbreaking sci-fi/action films, which leaves
u breathless at the end. It is suspenseful, has good acting, good effects,
mainly the Terminator effects and makeup, and more importantly, it started
off a good carreer for Cameron. Theres not much else to be said, its got it all, except for sentimentality,
but REALLY, after u watch this film, you will know why there isn't
any.

			

This is one of my favorite films of all-time. Once the action starts it
never stops. Arnold Schwarzenneger is perfect in the role as terminator, the
part was made for him. Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton are also very good
in their roles. The time travel plot is handled intelligently and deals as
well as any movie ever has with the contradictions inherent in such a plot.
There are many memory scenes that make the film stick with you for a long
time afterwards. After seeing this film, every time someone says "I'll be
back" I can't help but think of Arnold at the police station.
			

The Terminator was and still is a one of the greatest Sci-Fi movies ever
made, everything about it is wonderfully put together by James Cameron.His
greatest movie apart from maybe T2, but he should be very proud of this
movie because it is a movie for all ages, well most of it
is.
 Arnie of course plays the almost unstoppable cyborg, who has a mission that
is simply to kill the mother of the man who has caused humans to fight back
against the cyborgs in the future.
 Linda Hamilton is the "Mother of the Future" who is being stalked by Mr.
Terminator, but she gets help from a soldier sent back from the future by
her son, Kyle Reese played by Michael Biehn.
 A great movie over all and they didn't make a mistake by making a
sequel....strange!!.
 
An 8 and a half out of 10.
			

This movie definitely gave Schwarzeneger a name in the action genre of
movies. This movie was just great. The only thing I didn't like was the
sometimes corny lines that Michael Biehn said. Like the thing about
feeling
pain. It was corny. The special effects could have been touched up a
little
more. T2 had better action sequences and special effects, but THE
TERMINATOR
was better plot wise and just a better movie.
THE TERMINATOR is a 9/10!
(If you want my review on T2 check it out)
			
30 years down the road, James Cameron's "The Terminator" remains an
enthralling science fiction thriller, perhaps now more relevant than
ever. By now nearly everyone would have heard about how Cameron
miraculously made such an excellent film on a miniscule US$6 million
budget or so, or perhaps how the eponymous character turned
bodybuilder- cum-actor Arnold Schwarzenegger into literally Hollywood's
next big thing. It is a testament to Cameron's genius into crafting his
unique vision despite and because of his budget limitations, and
perfectly casting his stars to suit said vision.We all know the drill by now, so let's talk quality. Linda Hamilton
portrays Sarah so well as a normal young woman, confused by this sudden
chain of events, that she has logically no choice but to buy into
Reese's story. Michael Biehn fits Reese to a T with a gruff yet
youthful look, a perfect look for a determined soldier fighting a war
he wants to end badly, despite his limitations. Though it's under a
relatively short amount of time, Cameron takes his time for the
audience to really get to understand both Sarah and Reese's
predicaments  to have characters to root and care for, to see them
find a way out despite the odds. And a romantic twist is added by
Cameron that surprisingly doesn't feel forced, yet somehow perfectly
(and ironically) completes the time travel loop that secures John's
existence. We're dealing with a romance that transcends both time and
space, and Cameron handles it so well, he would revisit these romantic
traits with greater detail in his future megalith "Titanic".What makes the film work more than it should is Cameron's genius in
casting Schwarzenegger as The Terminator. A former Mr. Olympian,
Schwarzenegger is renowned for his sculpted body  straight out of a
Greek stone garden  more than his acting prowess. No matter, his
manner of speaking less, and frighteningly intimidating stare clearly
unnerve the hell out of audiences, and they still do today. Say what
you will about Schwarzenegger's career as an action icon/live-action
meme, the man still has a stare that can kill. His strong, iconic
Austrian accent works wonders with the machine-like delivery that
Cameron was intending. With Schwarzenegger's casting, the stakes are
higher for both Sarah and Reese to escape this monstrosity.Because time-travel is involved and explained in an easily digestible
way (physics be damned), and because Cameron directs with such
efficiency and confidence it might as well be made today, the film has
aged exceptionally well despite some cornball stop-motion effects that
show off its low budget  all due praise to the late Stan Winston
though for his remarkable, if not grotesque, make-up effects and design
that add to the sheer horror aspect of the film. It is a testament to
Cameron's genius that he has managed to combine great talent both in
front of and behind the camera, into creating one of the seminal and
memorable films of the '80s decade, and one that will spawn a
successful sci-fi franchise with a dedicated fanbase. Make no mistake
that the basic framework of "The Terminator" essentially represents a
B-movie at its surface (Cameron did tutor under B-legend Roger Corman,
after all), but Cameron pulls off more tricks up his sleeve. There is a
lean, mean atmosphere that permeates each scene throughout, making 1984
Los Angeles seem like a lurid fever nightmare, but that's secondary
compared to the hellish, poverty-stricken future he has envisioned for
us humans. Brad Fiedel's metallic, iconic score seeps through every
alley and night- painted street with a sense of dread and gloom, the
synthesized, electronic score complementing Adam Greenberg's
cyan-tinted, industrial cinematography to make it feel all the more
nightmarish.Most people back than would have balked or be amazed at a wireless
internet connection for everyday use, as if we are surrendering our
will to technology for it to take over our lives. And I'm seeing it
being endorsed in many a commercial or article. Is the development of
technology a bad thing? Not at all. But a good servant can be a bad
master, especially if left out of control. Cameron had a fear of that,
saw the vision, and ran with it all the way. If we were to leave our
household chores to artificial intelligence, or the military leaving
unmanned drones to scour the battlefield, what's there to say that
eventually artificial intelligence would be used to secure nuclear
weapons? Or that they might even become sentient - Cleverbot and Siri
may be precursors to Skynet, and Japanese technology is developing
robotic humanoids that can deduce for themselves in the near future.
The war shown in the film may take place in 2029, but Judgment Day can
still happen. Better never than late, I say."The Terminator" may be surpassed by its immediate successor in terms
of scale and action sequences, but this is a leaner, meaner film, and
its initial allegory remains superior and more clear-cut; in the realms
of science fiction it remains unmatched, as a bleak reminder of the
future and technology gone wrong, perfectly represented by its
unstoppable, merciless eponymous monster of a character, but also that
of humanity's undying spirit to create their own fates. Cameron might
have come a long way since then, having helmed two of the most
expensive and highest- grossing films in history back-to-back with some
truly groundbreaking visual effects technology implemented in both, but
this only highlights his original, cautionary vision for the future,
one that we are all far too willing to embrace wholeheartedly.
			
Arnold Schwarzenegger was dead-on perfect playing a cyborg assassin
sent from the future by machines(who have enslaved humans) to kill
Sarah Connor(Linda Hamilton, who has good character development here)
who will one day give birth to the leader of the human resistance that
will defeat the machines. Michael Bien plays a soldier sent back in
time to protect Sarah, but finds himself drawn to her as well. Time is
a twisty road though, and the truth was not what either side thought it
was...Outstanding film is extremely exciting and taut, with fine F/X, acting
and script(not all the ideas are original, but they had never been put
on screen so powerfully before.) Writer & director James Cameron made a
name for himself with this breathless film, helped by a fantastic music
score.A classic!
			
A human-looking, apparently unstoppable cyborg is sent from the future
to kill Sarah Connor; Kyle Reese is sent to stop it.James Cameron is most possibly one of the best (if not the best) movie
directors of all time. I have finally gotten to take the chance to see
the Terminator, and see for myself what it can behold. The special
effects are amazing (mild complaint to the fully-exposed Terminator
though) and everything is nice to see. The plot is pretty complex but
works greatly and a nice one at that. I found myself intrigued of the
near future and the possibilities of what could come. The action
sequences left me at the edge of my seat and had actual suspense
building up inside me. I could feel my adrenaline level going up high
whenever the Terminator showed up on the screen. The story also
presents a slowly built love story that will tie-in with the sequel.
Although not being the main theme of the movie, it plays a big part of
the other movies as I can tell. This highly intelligent action-thriller
is great and seeing that the second film has a way higher score than
this one, I am completely ready! 9/10.
			
This completely went beyond all my expectations. Non-stop action, and
tons of "what's gonna happen next?" moments. I started watching it
thinking it was gonna be good - it was great. If there's anything I
didn't like, it was that they made the future seem so dark. Overall it
had a great sense of being in the action from beginning to end. I sure
didn't expect the terminator to die in the way he did, neither did I
expect Reese to get killed either. Another thing I liked was that Sarah
Connor didn't even believe Reese about the Terminator until the police
station scene (that was pretty funny how she saw the Terminator get up
after being shot in the club, and still didn't believe it). I do have a
question, though. When the Terminator went into the gun shop, they
didn't do a background check for him or make him sign any forms (before
he shot the clerk). Imagine if they did..."Sir, you're from the future,
you're a man-killing robot, and we can't sell you these." But my point
is - this is a great movie for both action and sci-fi lovers alike.
Thumbs up.
			
IMDb Top 250: 168The Terminator is a great action movie which can be eye candy or
thought provoking, depending how you want to see it. At it's core,
Terminator is about a violent cyborg trying to kill a woman. But it
offers an eerie version of the future, and explores a conflict that was
then unused- man vs. machine.First and foremost, Ahnold. He's huge and intimidating, which just a
little too much sneer. But accompanied with kickass weapons and a
surprisingly good score, he dominates scenes like he was meant to.The action is big, with some really cool scenes and chases. The 80's
violence is much better than the 2029 action, which comes off as very
cheesy to a modern audience. I can't really criticize though, as I have
no idea what the standard was back then. The SFX also can't be
criticized, but they haven't aged very well. The metal terminator looks
like stop-motion, very jerky and it's distracting.The story is a big winner. Vast, with lots of expansion room, and the
plot tells a tight story with a twist. The time travel is very well
handled, and reasonably makes sense. I can't wait to see T2 tonight.The Terminator is a really cool action movie with brain and brawn, like
District 9, a favourite of mine. As far as 80's action goes, I like the
Terminator better than Die Hard. If you find it, see this classic. I'll
be back.*Edit- November 26, 2011* I change my opinion about few films.
Apocalypse Now, Taxi Driver, and now The Terminator demand a second
viewing to see if my opinion really changes. The Terminator is an equal movie to my first viewing. But I realize
that I underrated it the first time. The whole 80's-ness of it is
awesome, with the punks, the sleazy L.A. streets, Reese's Nike's, tape
recorders and Technoir. The music stands out more the second time, as
do the hammy lines delivered by Michael Biehn in the first Act. But the
future scenes feel a little better. They're really desolate and
hopeless. It's hard to describe, this film succeeds more than any other
Terminator because of its atmosphere. It's a dark film, but it has
heart. Where the sequel goes for the (mostly) more family approach
(*shudder*) The Terminator is a pure, unaltered effort for the sake of
cinema. It's so fresh. This is my favourite James Cameron film, beating
out Aliens. I believe this stands among 80's classics like Back to the
Future8.3/10 *Edited score- 8.5/10*
			
I recently saw "The Terminator" on a movie channel after at least a 10
year hiatus. I'm happy to report that James Cameron's plot,and
direction, and the gritty acting by Schwarzenegger, Hamilton and Biehn
have NOT faded on the screen after all these years. Despite
improvements in CGI, etc., the mesmerizing force of the titanium
endoskeleton wrapped in synthetic tissue still causes the sci-fi
fanatic in me to rejoice! It is also refreshing to see that no film has
touched upon the idea of sending an agent back in time to destroy the
creator of the future as well as this film does. Not only did this film
come off as a huge success, but the following two sequels fell into
place in a satisfying way. I can see that this film will continue to
grow in its cult status over the years, based on its simplicity,
thrills and suspense, and sheer action value. I've GOT to get the
entire collection of all three films someday, so I won't have to
"stumble" upon it by chance on a movie channel.
			
A Terminator model from the future is sent to 1984 to assassinate Sarah
Connor (Hamilton) and her only protection comes from Reece (Biehn) a
soldier from the future.James Cameron's sharp science fiction masterstroke has lived long
through its 26 years and has spurned many sequels and parodies that
have never matched the true quality of what hit us hard in the mid
1980's.At a time travel state of media hype with Doctor Who, Bill and Ted
amongst others The Terminator lived strongest through the 80's thanks
to its bravado impersonal bad guy in Arnold Schwarzenegger and through
a plot Cameron devised that has a strong action intrusion that battles
significant issues like human survival and the relativity of humanity
in adversity.Opening with some flashing lights and naked men you may wonder what
you've flicked on but all becomes clear after the hour when the true
meaning of robots and the future is conversed and analysed and up until
then its none stop intrigue through these bizarre protagonists hunting
down a Sarah Connor.Cameron shoots in a way that gives the film a thrilling edge between
the two characters of the Terminator and Kyle Reese and as of their
violent actions trouble ensues and the viewer watching for the first
time will be enticed into a gripping mode of adrenaline to see who
reaches her first, and to what purpose.Cameron, a man who once again smashed records with Avatar last
Christmas launched into the film world with this film and to many, he
has never bettered this bravado showcase of action adrenaline.Scripting this as well, Cameron brings a new dimension to entertainment
through his choice of settings and plot depictions of time and
humanity. The final scene in the work place is bravado action
excitement with a seemingly never ending fight sequence that generates
as much excitement as the first few minutes, showing a good consistency
to his works.Schwarzenegger as many know him at his best gives a wonderfully
unemotional and perfectly inhumane performance as the evil Terminator
and using very minimal dialogue has created an icon that can only be
mimicked.Linda Hamilton in her most famous on screen performance braves the
ordinary into the supernatural role perfectly with the right
appreciation of panic and naivety to what is around her. Michael Biehn
is wonderfully used as a frustrate figure of responsibility and as a
saviour that gives the film a great balance of strong action with
powerful dramatic implications.Whilst there have been 3 sequels thus far and with a fifth in the
offing, the story is far from over but with this originality and
excellent appreciation of time consequence and action direction, will
this picture ever be topped?
			
I have seen this film a few times over the course of my life. The first
time happened when I was still in lower primary; the second time from a
heavily edited videotape in a library. By now, I have lost count of how
many times I've viewed this horror science fiction classic. But one
thing is sure, it will never fail to amaze and shock (especially for
new viewers it would make a real treat), standing the test of time as
one of the cinema's most popular and successful trilogies, and for me,
most favorite! I have to confess I enjoy T2 Judgment Day as well, but
it kind of drags in the middle and the violence isn't as ferocious,
partly maybe because John Conner is still a kid then. But in T1, it's a
roller coaster, full-blown ride of non-stop action with not a single
boring moment, every scene is crucial to the story and the violence is
bared for all to see the kind of urgent and desperate situation our
heroes are in.Everybody who goes to cinema and not living under the rock all these
years will know the storyline in their sleep: Skynet, a computer
system, nearly wiped out the entire human population in 1997. It has
found a way to send its cyborg- Cyberdyne system model 101, a T800,
also called the Terminator, back to 1984 to search and terminate the
mother of John Conner, who would ultimately lead the human's victory
against the machines, before she could give birth. In return, the
Resistance sends a warrior, Kyle Reese, to protect her.'The machines rose from the ashes of the nuclear fire. Their war to
exterminate mankind had raged for decades, but the final battle would
not be fought in the future. It would be fought here, in our present.
Tonight....'You get to see the bleak, skull-littered future landscape, army of
terminators armed with lethal machine guns as their heads swirl and red
laser-beamed eyes scour for any Resistance soldiers.'Don't you understand? It can't be bargained with; it can't feel pain
or mercy, and it will stop at absolutely nothing until you are dead.' I
still get the chills down my spine every time I hear Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn) seethes, 'Come with me if you want to live.' As Sarah
Connor (Linda Hamiliton) looks on, feeling the impact of the serious
danger she is in.Both Kyle and Sarah are tough characters who also brings out the
vulnerability as human beings, where most people can relate to, a
couple of refugees on the run from a deadly, sophisticated machine
programmed to destroy them. They have no other help, only finding
strength and comfort in their love for each other, burden from the
pressure of carrying the weight of the future on their shoulders.And let's not forget the brilliant killing machine itself- the T800-
Arnold Schwarzenegger's most iconic role in his career. He may have
only uttered 74 words (including the unforgettable catchy phase: I'll
be back) in the entire film, but his presence more than compensates for
it. The scene where he self-repairs facing a mirror definitely leaves
an impression on me. Plucking out and dropping his human eyeball, with
blood dispersing the sink's clear water, is fascinating to see. Then,
before you can even hold your breathe, he cuts open his skin as if it
is merely made of rubber, and you get to see the complicated
endoskeleton underneath.The last climax mounts after Kyle sacrifices himself to save Sarah, but
the Terminator isn't dead. So it is man, or woman, versus machine, as
she crawls in her injured leg, struggles not only for her life, but for
the entire human race. With a 'You are terminated, f**ker,' it is
crushed to a lump of scrap metal. The nightmare is over, for now. And
you just know that there's got to be a sequence, because this is one
cyborg/machine/terminator that no one will ever get tired of.The Terminator succeeds and excels in action, horror, romance,
adventure and in every way any science fiction fan could possibly ask
for. And it will definitely remain as one of my most favorite movies of
all time.
			
James Cameron's breakout second film starring Arnold Schwarzenegger as
the ultimate killing machine sent from the future to 1984 to kill Linda
Hamilton, who will one day give birth to the son who will save mankind
from the war with the machines.What could been a typical low budget direct to video B movie is given
style and substance by all involved. More a sci fi action thriller than
its horror film plot suggests. Arnold is made for the role of a killer
cyborg and his lines are kept to a bare minimum to give him as much
menace as possible. Linda Hamilton plays the damsel in distress against
type and Michael Biehn is good as a damaged hero from the future.
Mention should also go to Lance Henrikson and Paul Winfield who do a
wonderful double act as the cops investigating the Terminator's killing
spree.It's a testament to Cameron and the work of Stan Winston that this film
looks like a big budget film rather than the $6m it actually cost.
Featuring bold and striking designs that are as much a part of the
success of the Terminator as Arnold was, it's a brilliant start to the
series 9/10
			
The space time continuum as explained by Albert Einstein reveals if one
could exceed or at least match the speed of light, one could Time
Travel. That is in fact what happens in this marvelous film. A gigantic
computer in the future is waging war with the Humans of the Earth and
is days from being defeated. In self protection, the computer called
Sky-Net designs an incredible robotic machine called the Terminator 100
series or T-100 (Arnold Schwarzenegger) with a single purpose; to
travel to the past, 1984, to be exact and seek out a woman called Sara
Conners (Linda Hamilton) and kill her. The extraordinary robot is made
of nearly impervious metallic parts with living human tissue on the
outside. It's purpose is clear, eliminate Sara and her son in the
future will die. The Humans of the future therefore send Sgt. Kyle
Reese (Michael Biehn) to protect her in the past. Once there, Reese is
hampered by obsolete weapons, bumbling detectives like Ed Traxler (Paul
Winfield), Hal Vukovich (Lance Henriksen), who discredit the story, a
disbelieving psychiatrist, Peter Silberman (Earl Boem) and a whole
precinct of ambivalent policemen. Despite their station coming under
attack, eviscerated and virtually annihilated, none take heed of the
unstopped machine now loose in their city. It's up to Sara and Reese to
try and stay ahead of the unstopped cyborg. With dramatic shoot-outs,
car chases and incredible confrontations, this movie is sure to become
a must for action oriented audiences. A fantastic film which is sure to
become a Classic! ****
			
There are a lot of marvelous reasons to love this. What exactly they
are may vary, but I can give you my suggestions for a couple: It mixes
a bleak, dystopian future vision with breathtaking, mind-blowing
action(and without becoming a film that can't inspire you to think, and
that goes for others done by the man who helmed this), and does so
extremely well. It is blessed with the enthusiastic and perfectionistic
direction of James Cameron, and it shows. The pacing is utterly
impeccable. I could not tell you how many times I've watched this. The
plot and science fiction are both fantastic, well-thought out, and hold
up to thorough scrutiny, I've yet to find a genuine problem in them.
The concept is terrifying, smart and thrilling. It all unfolds rather
well. The script in general is spectacularly well-done. This never runs
out of steam, and in spite of intensity, it doesn't overwhelm, either.
All three of the listed genres are masterfully achieved here, and I
would agree with anyone suggesting that "horror" should be mentioned,
as well. The acting is magnificent, the performances are spot-on. Not
sure I'd say that there are any exceptions to that. I became a fan of
Biehn from viewing this. Schwarzenegger does pretty darn amazing.
Henriksen is a lot of fun to watch, intentionally so. Lines are
well-written and equally well-delivered. The score is synthesized and
is a perfect fit. The music, clothes and special effects(which are
almost invariably still incredible) are the only aspects of this that
date it any. The guns are tremendously well chosen and handled(read the
Trivia to see Arnie's efforts in that area). There is violence and some
relatively disturbing sights in this, as well as a little
sexuality/nudity, and a moderate amount of language, that can get
strong. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys the notion of an exciting
movie with gun-fights, car-chases, a dark tone, well-done sci-fi, that
just might provide food for thought, if you go in looking for that.
9/10
			
This is the most groundbreaking action film of all time. Dirty Harry
and Die Hard deserve some credit but this is just phenomenal. The
exposition is great. The story develops quickly and each character is
different. Unlike most action films we aren't given a character who
goes nowhere, Sarah Connor (Hamilton) develops into the strong woman we
see in the second film during the course of this film. The T-101 is
acted well by Schwarzenegger, and before you say anyone can act like a
robot know this; Schwarzenegger came up with most of the ways the T-101
moved. When he is searching for Kyle Reese (Biehn) and Sarah he moves
his eyes and then his head giving him the resemblance of a surveillance
camera. It's little things like that which gives his performance a
little bit of extra weight. Michael Biehn is believable as Kyle Reese
and takes the part very seriously and it paid off for the film. The
special effects are excellent for such a low budget film and the dark
look adds to the intensity that the film already carries. The music
isn't typical Hollywood either it is always complimenting the danger
the characters are facing. This is a fantastic film, a must see movie
for everyone. Only one flaw and which is that in one scene the
stop-motion isn't very good, but other than that perfect.
			
If you really look at the film, you will notice that when comparred to
T2 The Terminator is much more of a horror film whereas T2 has that
family element with all three main characetrs bonding with each other
as individuals. Also another thing is, that the terminator is a highly
advanced machine that is powered by two hydrogen fuel cells, he also as
extremely advanced analysing processors, he looks at a car and can get
every single spec and info for it but when he searches for Sarah Connor
in the phone book he has to scan the pages with his fingers. but
overall the terminator is an excellent film, which will be remembered
through out time
			
I saw this for the first time as a kid, watching with my family and was
glued to the screen for the entire movie. Relentless action and well
thought out plot and excellent cinematography, and acting help to make
this one of the classic violent, sci-fi movies of all time. It is dated
in a non bad way on certain effects and with the synthesizer
soundtrack; (which i love and think it adds to the atmosphere of the
movie, even from the opening credits. Perhaps it is effective because
it is machine made and therefore emphasis the emotionless quality
behind the Terminator.) Suspense is kept up through the entire movie
especially picking up during the dance club scene as you wonder how the
Terminator can just keep coming at you. Arnold truly portrayed the
Terminator as an emotionless (in a good way) automoton bent on
completing the mission at all cost. The actors have wonderful chemistry
and were cast well including the psychiatrist and the police officers.
It is fun to watch the heroine and hero grow through the movie as other
posters have said. This is still one of my favorite well-made sci-fi
action movies of all time and it truly set a milestone in cinema
history.
			
Terminator is one of those unforgettable masterpieces that will always
be admired for how it stunned us. How Cameron managed to create such a
tense and passionate movie is, needless to say, amazing.I'm pretty sure most of you are aware of the plot of the Terminator
movies so I'll spare you those details, despite their importance. But
the plot of the Terminator movies introduced here is both intriguing
and interesting. The whole story is given to the audience by Micheal
Beihn, who does an excellent job of fulfilling his role. Beihn also
gives some excellent and memorable lines while delivering the story and
gives each and every detail great seriousness. It's this effect that
Beihn manages to pull off that helps the viewer get drawn in by this
movie's story.Actors Lance Heinriksen, Bill Paxton and actress Linda Hamilton also
make appearances in this movie, which may very well be the movie that
got their careers started. But of course I'd be a fool to talk about
Terminator's performers without mentioning the T-Man himself, Arnold. I
don't think anyone could play our favorite cyborg like Arnie himself
did. It's Arnold's unique, robot-like voice that gives him such an
authentic acting flair in this movie, especially the good shape he was
in. As the Terminator himself, Arnie got the pleasure of taking the
load of action scenes, but with those scenes comes guns, which we know
he loves.Hamilton has the next largest role in the movie next to Arnold and
Beihn, and she's does a great job herself. Hamilton does excellent at
acting as a hard-working girl early in the film and does even better as
someone who has to deal with an undeniable truth. The rest of the cast
let the movie flow its way but do their importance when it comes, which
is something most movies avoid nowadays.The presentation of the Terminator isn't flashy, but what else would
you expect from a film from the mid 80's. The action in the Terminator
is both tense and very satisfying. Add that to the near-perfect style
of the rest of the movie up till the end and the Terminator is a movie
that you will not be disappointed by.
			
The Terminator is the quintessential action film and the best of the
series. Arnold Schwarzenegger plays the Terminator, a cyborg from the
future who is sent back in time to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton),
because she will eventually give birth to John Connor, the man who will
become the leader of the human resistance in the war against the
machines. The soldier Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) is sent back to
protect her. T1 has a dark and gritty atmosphere that the second and third films do
not have, which can be partially attributed to the fact that most of
the movie takes place at night. IMO, the film's strongest quality is
Arnold's terrifying presence; whenever he is on screen, there is a
feeling of impending doom. This aura of dread makes it feel like Sarah
and Kyle's chances of survival are about a million to one. My heart
just goes out to them whenever I watch it. Another one of The
Terminator's strongest qualities is the fact that it is paced
perfectly. Just like every action film, there are breaks in between the
action scenes, which presents the danger that the movie will drag. But
Cameron times these scenes perfectly so that it never feels like the
movie is dragging. All of the action scenes keep you on the edge of
your seat rooting for the good guys. The excitement never lets up! Cheesy love stories are usually a weakness in action films;
fortunately, The Terminator's love story is actually very touching. I have to praise the special effects. Sure they aren't impressive by
today's standards, but when you consider the fact that this movie was
made on a six million dollar budget, it is amazing they turned out so
well. Stan Winston is truly a genius. As for the sound, I recommend the
original mono track as opposed to the new sound on the DVD. IMO, the
guns sound muted with the DVD's sound FX. Of course this isn't a perfect movie. Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton
are not exactly the best actors in the world, but to Hamilton's credit
she improved in T2. But this is only a minor criticism. The Terminator
is a must-see for every action fan.
			
I saw this movie when i was 5 and since saw it at least 100 times...not
joking. It is one of my top 5 movies. I've got to say this that the
producers thought that this movie isn't going to be a big hit. This
blockbusters made Arni a big star. Linda Hamilton plays the mother of
John Connor-future hero off the earth.Arni has been sent to earth to
kill her. The resistance is aware of this fact and sent back to the
year 1984 a man to protect Sarah Connor(Linda H.)-Michael Biehn. He is
a normal human while Arni is a machine and much more powerful. By the
way: they sent these machines back to the future in the year 2029. So
M.Biehn falls in love with Sarah and so becomes the father of John. In
a final battle Arni and Michael both die. The remains of the Terminator
are shown in T-2 ....well this movie is just a great one!!...you must
see it. And includes one of 6 great scenes in movies of all times....I
am talking about the part when Arnie says: I'll be back.. I give it
9/10 because it just is not that perfect...i think if the budget was a
few millions bigger it would have been perfect
			
The Terminator, now over 20 years old, is a genre defining film that
combines elements of noir film making with science fiction and action
genres. It started off a whole movement in special effects and stunt
orientated films, taking the hero against villain notion to a whole new
level. Can you think of a film villain quite so iconic as the
terminator? Often dismissed by many as a simple action movie
responsible for launching Arnold Schwarzeneggers career, The Terminator
has a message that is becoming more significant as we venture further
into the 21st century.Since the creation of planet earth, time has seen the inception of ever
increasing forms of intelligent life. The principle of the natural
selection and the very nature of existence, is that evolution
progresses though natural processes of refining, developing and
enhancing. Humans have for centuries been the dominant, most
intelligent species on earth. As we continually create and innovate,
probing technological possibilities, we are weakening the significance
and purpose of natural selection and are playing the role of god
increasingly. Computers become more advanced every year and scientists
endeavour to pioneer methods in cloning and designer babies. Are we
pushing too far, or are we simply approaching a new age of evolutionary
development? Whatever our destiny, the line distinguishing computers
and A.I, and possibly more importantly, humans and computers is
becoming increasingly blurred. If we are indeed heading towards the
creation of artificial intelligence, is the dark and apocalyptic vision
created by Cameron just a nightmare, or does it present a possible
future? A question as frightening as the looming Terminator in the
movie.The Terminator I believe, is one of cinemas modern classics and in 20
years time will be admired and revered as one of the great films of the
20th century. Not only does it have a powerful message, forcing us to
ask questions about our increasing dependence on machines, but it also
influenced a whole load of films in the late 80's, 90's and into the
millennium.
			
If Arnold Schwarzenegger were to ever come close to deserving any sort
of acclamation for his acting...academy award or otherwise this would
have been it. This movie made him! and he in turn made this movie...he
is and always will be The Terminator. Many forget that this original
classic sci-fi action story he is NOT the hero. The Terminator is a
deadly machine assassin sent into the past to destroy the mother of the
man who will ultimately bring the machines to their end many years in
the future. Schwarzenegger is deadly and brilliant, and robotic and
downright evil. You can't help but be scared to death of this guy and
that's awesome!! He doesn't have a lot of lines but he does the whole
role with his motions and his reactions to things which makes for a
pretty good actor I think.James Cameron who wrote and directed the film created one of the
world's best sci fi stories. This film which takes place entirely in
1984 gives you such an in depth look at a world far beyond their
current time. It's a world where a deadly war has practically wiped out
the human race and now they are taking the battle through time in order
to win it. Even in a brief flashback we are treated to a glimpse into
the world that can only be described as pure hell. Throughout this
entire film one woman is being brutally stalked by this beast of a
robot and only one man from the future stands between them. Michael
Biehn plays Kyle Reese with great intensity and a believability that he
is indeed a soldier from the future. Despite the fact that it seems
this Termintor is deadly and unstoppable, this man, this soldier is a
worthy adversary. Linda Hamilton in her infamous role as Sarah Conner,
the future mother of the man who will save humanity unless The
Terminator can destroy her first. She seems like a such a quiet
innocent person but as the movie progresses we see her character become
stronger, faster, and just a worth adversary herself. She's not gonna
die without a fight and she's not going to let this newfound knowledge
of a bleak future ruin her. Biehn and Hamilton have awesome chemistry
and you believe their relationship from the very beginning. The Terminator is the exact definition of non-stop action. It's
constant, leaving you on the edge of your seat. Everyone's performance
in the film is awesome and very watchable and you root for all of them.
Best of all Schwarzenegger is an unbelievable machine that makes for
one of film histories best bad guys. The film is gritty and very real,
gory, bloody, no holds barred and without a doubt one of the best
action films ever created. James Cameron created something unstoppable
with this franchise. Everyone has to see The Termintor, it's just a
must see movie and you won't be disappointed by what it has to offer!!!
There is so much more to it than just your average action flick. 9/10
			
There are classics and then there are classics. The Terminator has
become a phenomenon, an embodiment of a ruthless killer and certainly
the best robot murdering device from the future I've ever seen.Sarah Conner is understandably upset to learn that a killer cyborg from
the future has been sent back to the past (which WAS the present...I
think) to kill her so she cannot give birth to the future leader of man
against machine. But help is at hand in the form of Kyle Reese, a
soldier also sent back to protect her from the terminator.Thinking about it could make your head spin and it probably wont win
many awards with Steven Hawkings but as an action film it delivers the
goods. Arnold in his best ever role as an unthinking, unfeeling machine
- just like in real life - is superb. It was the role he was
artificially created to play. He wastes humans with reckless abandon,
including a scene where he wipes out an entire police station to get to
Connor. A scene so good it was even referenced in the second film.The soundtrack is a huge contributer to the mood of the film and it's
the darkest of the three Terminator flicks. Even if the formula was
perfected in T2 : Judgement Day the first is still a cinema classic. It
will make you paranoid towards all form of machinery for weeks to the
extent you'll want to live in the woods in a house made from stones and
parts of animals. Remember to keep your DVD though so you can watch
this over and over again.
			

The Terminator serves as one of the best movies made in 1984 with a well
thought out story, well written screenplay and put it midly excellent
direction. This movie stars Arnold Schwarzenegger as the silent killing
machine known to man as The Terminator (T-800 Model 101) and is sent into
time to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton)to prevent the birth of her son,
future leader resistence John Connor. A future soldier by the name of Kyle
Reese (Michael Biehn) is sent to 1984, to intercept The Terminator  before
it kills Sarah. The acting in this film is memorable, Arnold is perfect as
The Terminator with absoutely no emotion of killing people. Biehn is great
as Reese a soldier who is bound by duty and honor but never has
experienced
Love in his life which he will receive later on and is potrayl is so real
you can not help but feel sorry for him. Hamilton does a wonderful potrayl
as Sarah Connor the victim of all this who can't believe that she will be
the mother for the future and is scared about what happens when she has
this
child. Other supporting Actors are good including Paul Winfield and the
late
Lance Henriksen a Cameron favorite. This is proberly James Cameron's
greatest achievement in 1984 whenever he made this movie he wrote and
directed, along with his former wife producer Gale Anne Hurd. The Visual
Effects in today's standards are not up to par but however still they are
bot bad for a movie made in 1984 and besides Orion Pictures Studio only
gave
him a 6.4 millon dollar budget to work nothing much i would say. However
the
makeup designs and creations by Stan Winston are still excellent to this
day
he remains one of the best Creature designs ever (Endoskeleton for example
remains the best work in 1984). The Terminator serves as a great art for
filmmaking it inspires filmmakers to make what you have.
Regular scale: 4.5/5; 1-10 Scale: 9.5/10.
Oh I own the MGM Special Edition DVD get that and you'll have loads of
Special Features and an Excellent 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround EX i highly
recommend it. 
			
I watched this movie 8 years ago and it was so exciting. And it's
doesn't change at all. In the first work of The Terminator, a man came
from the future fights with the terminator. This is the most
interesting point of this work. A man are sent from the future to
protect the boy"John Conner".He is the leader of human resistant and
fights with the arch-enemy,Sky net. Sky net send the Terminator and try
to kill him. Can he protect John from the Terminator? The scene I like
the best is the last scene. John and a man seem to clack down the
Teeminator, but he still alive and attack them. The skin of the
Terminator have melt and the body of the machine are unwrapped.
			
Arnold Schwarzenegger, what can you say of the man? He has appeared in
the worst of the worst, yet he slowly climbed to fame. His most
memorable franchise is no doubt "The Terminator" franchise. The film is
directed by James Cameron and he truly brings the screen to life. You
can feel what the characters are feeling. Fear, excitement, and hope.The films soundtrack is also the most fitting soundtrack for a movie
besides "The Graduate" soundtrack. It's a dark soundtrack just like the
movie. The film takes place in 1984, where Kyle Reese travels back in
time to save Sarah Conner from a future machine. A improbable
relationship blossoms between Reese and Sarah as they battle the
machine. I don't want to give away and plot twists, so I won't go into
any more detail. The action is awesome, and the effects are way ahead
of its time.This sci-fi film is on par with Star Wars. "The Terminator" has its
little charm that no other film will ever have. Not even its sequels.
Although "Terminator 2: Judgement Day" is perhaps even better than the
1st movie. I am aware of the T.V. show, I have seen several episodes
and the show does not even come close to this film. If you don't have
this movie, you need to close your browser, use the most convenient
transportation device, ride to your local video store. Find the film
and take it to the cashier. Hand the cashier how ever much money it
costs. Take the film with you and return to your house. Put the film in
a DVD-Player/VHS player. And watch the film, it's that good!
			
The terminator movies series are with no doubt one of the biggest
series of all time, most thank to the first two movies. And a big
thanks to James Cameron.The first Terminator movie, this one is not the best but still really
entertaining and breathtaking.The Year is 2029, the supercomputer Skynet rule the world, determined
to exterminate the human race. Skynet has begun to lose the war, and to
finally be able to annihilate mankind it must change the past.
Therefore it sends a humanoid robot a terminator back in time to kill
Sarah Connor, whose unborn son John will be mans only hope and lead the
resistance against the machines. John in turn sends one of his
soldiers, Kyle Resse to protect her from the terminator.The plot are epic, absolutely epic and are also one of the best plots
in movie history.This movie made Arnold Schwarzenegger a real star, his is perfect as
the Terminator, other actor and actresses in the movie are Linda
Hamilton, Michael Biehn, Lance Henriksen and Bill Paxton are also were
good in there roles.This and Terminator 2, are probably James Camerons most famous movies,
James Camerons best movies in my opinion are Terminator 2 and Titanic,
but of course his job in this film is stunning as well.Terminator is and will always be classed as one of the best movies of
all time and if you haven't seen it that is something you have to do.
			
This Movie is a good movie I agree why it's on the Top 250 Arnourld
Schwarzenegger does an OK performance this was the movie that got him
recognized it is a very good movie I haven't read the comics done by
Dark Horse. The movie is definitely an 8/10 The Plot: Terminator tries
to kill everyone with the name Sarah Connor because in the future John
Connor (Sarah's son)Rises The Humans Against The Machines It Sounds
Like A Cool Idea & It Is A Very Cool Movie Not One Bit Wasn't Worth
Watching (Except Arnould Schwarzenegger & Michael Biehn Naked) This Is
The Best Sci/Fi Action Of Cinema (Until Dark City, Terminator 2,
Matrix, Mutant Chronicles & Alien/Predator(Don't Take That The Wrong
Way This Is A Good Movie)) This Is A Movie Worth Seeing & If You Don't
Believe Me Look Up The "loved it" Comments A Real Movie Worth Seeing
			
The first Terminator film isn't my favorite of the series. It's
probably my second favorite in the series. Back in the day, I used to
have a huge Terminator obsession. The obsession died out after a while
but the Terminator films are pretty cool. The Plot: A machine from the
future is sent back in time to kill the mother of the future resistance
leader John Conner. A soldier is sent back in time to protect her. But
it turns out that he not only protects her, he is the father of the
future resistance leader. The first Terminator film is a classic. It
doesn't make my favorites list, but it's sequel does. From the minute
you see Arnold Swartzenegger on the screen, you know he was on
roids.The other films I don't think he was. I don't like this one as
much because I prefer the liquid guy as a villain over him. Arnold
Swatzenegger isn't meant to be playing a villain in a film. He's always
the hero. This film is a ton better than that ridiculous film Conan.
Overall, the original Terminator film isn't my favorite, but it's not
the worst.
			
Ahh... James Cameron. One of the best directors ever. From this to
Titanic, some of the best movies ever. But today I'll be reviewing one
of his movies. The Terminator. This movie is one of the best. It is
action paced and it actually works as a love story.SO! on to the main
review. The main characters of this movie are Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton) and Kyle Reese(Michael Biehn). They are pretty good
characters and the actors just make it better. Kyle is kickass and
Sarah is also awesome especially near the end. The main villain, of
course all of you should know this by now, is The Terminator (Arnold
Schwarzenegger). He is AWESOME! He doesn't have a personality but you
can sort of get one OUT OF A FRICKIN ROBOT! He's just awesome that way.
The supporting characters are basically the police lieutenant (Paul
Winfield) and while he's on screen, he does a pretty good job! The
action is just amazing. It kept you watching and the suspense could cut
you like a knife. And finally, the story is actually kinda complicated
but still good. A war in the future forces the robots to send a
terminator to destroy the mother of their best fighter, John Connor.
John then sends Kyle to protect his mother. Then the rest is running
for a Arnoldinator. But it's more complicated than that which this is
my only gripe. The story has what is popularly known as the Connor
Paradox. If Kyle Reese is the father of John Connor since he made love
to Sarah, then how was John able to send Kyle if he hadn't even
existed? Was his father a different person before he sent Kyle and he
thought Kyle was cooler so he sent him to be his father? MY HEAD! the
story is my only gripe. But overall, I give The Terminator, 80%
awesome.
			
Terminator is truly a CLASSIC movie that even now still is enjoyable
enough to watch. One of the better (maybe one of the best) sci-fi
thriller movies.It's hard to tell the story of Terminator in a few sentences, but here
goes: a cyborg killing machine, called a Terminator, is send back in
time (from a future in which mankind is almost destroyed completely by
robots) to kill the mother of the rebellion leader. By doing so making
sure that the robots will win in the future and not the humans. Right
after the Terminator a human from the future arrives to stop the
Terminator from completing it's mission.Did you get all that? Movies involved with time travel tend to get very
complex and difficult, but this is not the case with Terminator. The
plot is great and moves at a steady pace. This movie has a really good
script and the actors work very nicely with it.They couldn't have picked a more suitable actor for the Terminator then
Arnold. He plays one of his best characters in his career, in my
opinion. There are so many memorable scenes and lines. In particular
the one-liner: "I'll be back".I can highly recommend this movie for fans of Sci-Fi and/or thriller
movies. It's a very entertaining and sometimes even scary movie.9 out of 10 stars!
			
The Terminator was one of the films I watched growing up as it was made
in the same year I was born and I remember finding it scary when I was
younger, seeing killer robots with red eyes and teeth. I thought the
next 2 sequels were just as good although Arnie now plays a goody even
though he was a baddie in the 1st one. Cannot wait to see Terminator
Salvation even though he isn't to star in it and it's disappointing
that they killed Sarah Connor off before the 3rd film came out, she was
one of the best characters and should have been kept in it. I'm not a
big fan of the TV series but it is watchable, even though it's hardly
like the film, the character Derek (Kyle Reese's brother) they were
meant to have grew up after the war but you see that he is covered in
tattoos. Did a tattoo parlour remain standing after the bombs went off?
It's scary to think something like this could happen in real life cause
of the kind of bombs that exist now and people are starting to make
robots, not to sound crazy
			
While Terminator is a great action film, I was surprised and happy to
see that James Cameron went to great lengths to give the film a soul as
well. I was glad to see that there is actually character development in
the film and that the characters weren't stamped "helpless woman",
"hero", "villain". I was also very pleased that James Cameron made a
conscientious effort to include minor details, that if not present in
the film, would leave a few would-be plot holes in the story. The film,
like most science fiction (or at least good science fiction appears to
do), keeps us thinking about the implications of our use of technology.There are a couple instances where I perceived the dialogue to be
corny, forced and/or unnecessary. There were also a couple instances
where I felt as if suspension of reality was required. Granted this is
a sci-fi action film those two things still seemed far-fetched.However, even though I had some minor issues with the film, the film
was great. The film made me think, gave me an adrenaline rush and got
me emotionally engaged in the events that were happening on screen.
Perhaps I am exaggerating, but I feel as if it is rather rare that an
action film has fairly good character development, makes you think or
weaves the plot so well. I was thoroughly impressed.
			
The Terminator(Arnold Schwarzenegger), a seemingly indestructible and
emotionless cyborg, is sent from the future to kill young Sarah Connor(
Linda Hamilton), who holds the key to a future war. Kyle Reese( Michael
Biehn), a young man who has grown up in the ruins and ashes of a
destroyed world, is sent from the future to warn and protect her. Both
The Terminator and Kyle have no intentions of failing their missions,
but only one can succeed...James Cameron's "Terminator" is a complex blend of classic science
fiction, high octane action, and immense terror, glazed with style and
deep with story. There are so many little things that make this movie
great. I love the irony of the opening scenes: The Terminator, who has
come to seek, to kill, and to destroy, does just this, all without
alarming the local police. Kyle Reese, who has come to protect and
serve, is soon being chased and hunted thy the police. Not long after,
there is a scene where the ruthless Terminator steels a police car and
adopts an officer's voice, essentially joining the police ranks, all to
hunt down Kyle, who has become a wanted criminal. It's this helter
skelter social commentary and pessimistic irony, that comprises the
film's dark, gritty tone. It is interesting to note that this is a dark
film, and the "Terminator" series has increasingly become more
mainstream and child-friendly over the years, with a 'good guy'
Terminator, child actors, and a possible pg-13 rating for the fourth
film, Terminator: Salvation. The first film however, remains a dark and
gritty little thriller.The thing that makes "The Terminator", "The Terminator", is
Schwarzenegger's performance as The Terminator. This is without a doubt
the greatest performance I have ever seen from Schwarzenegger. Though
some may mock and say " He's only playing a robot, and he's only doing
a good job because playing a mechanical being requires no acting",
Schwarzenegger does an incredible job that few top notch actors could
pull off. In a word, The Terminator is scary, and most of what creates
that sense of fear is Arnold's presence: his hulking, looming body, his
mechanical gestures, his soulless facial expressions, his cold,
emotionless voice. The Terminator is ruthless, cold, impossible to
reason with, heartless. He feels no pain nor pity. He is a man made
force that dedicates all to the mission at hand. When watching the
film, I was reminded of the character of Michale Myers in John
Carpenter's slasher "Halloween". Cold, ruthless, always in the shadows
and ready to strike. Truly The Terminator is the Michale Myers of
action films. And it is Arnold Schwarzenegger that makes us believe:
makes us believe that he's out there, and he will find you, because
thats what he does. That's all he does.Opposing the one man(Err, machine?)army Terminator is a great cast of
Jame's Cameron favorites. Michael Biehn does a knock out job as the
scarred war-child from the future, I absolutely love his performance in
this film. He has a sense of urgency and child like confusion emitting
from him that fits not only his character and his development, but the
story has a whole. When Kyle speaks, all listen. Linda Hamilton is a
blast to watch as the sweet waitress who finds herself thrust into
chaos and bloodshed. She's believable, what an I say? Also, for the
screen time they receive, Paul Winfield and Lance Henriksen as
Lieutenant Ed Traxler and Detective Hal Vukovich respectively, are a
blast to watch. They have excellent chemistry and work off each other
excellently.The effects are also quite good. Sure there are some cheesy lazer beams
here and there, but overall the special effect where really good. The
future war scenes/flashbacks are nicely crafted and disturbingly
juxtaposed into images from our own society. The Terminator effects are
also very well done. There are just so many great scenes and so many great lines littered
throughout this film. The scene in the Tech Noir club, the explosive
police station scene, the scene with Linda and Kyle under the bridge.
The Terminator has a very limited vocabulary, but he knows how to use
it: When he leans in to tell the police receptionist that "I'll be
back", you want to cheer. And the musical score by Brad Fiedel is just
great.The ending scene is probably one of my favorite scenes in the film. It
ties everything together and leads perfectly into what is yet to come.
It gives you a thirst for more, and sets the stage for an even more
large scale Terminator adventure.Which came in 19919/10
			
The Terminator (1984, Dir. James Cameron) Sarah Connor thinks she is living a normal life, unaware that her
unborn son would help lead the humans in the battles against the
machines. To stop Sarah from having a son, a cyborg known as a
Terminator is sent back in time to kill her. A soldier known as Kyle
Reese is also sent back in time to save Sarah Connor from termination.With the rise of successful science-fiction films in the '70's and
'80's, James Cameron introduces another successful sci-fi flick which
would live on for decades. The story is well written and is a great
concept. The film portrays one main goal of a story but introduces an
expansion of what will happen. The casting is well done, with great
performances by Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton. Although Arnold
Schwarzenegger is far too famous to watch this film without thinking of
other characters he played, he still portrays a wonderful cyborg
performance. The effects aren't the greatest in this current age, as
many in this film look very unrealistic, but this film is not full of
them and rely more on the action. The music is also very dated and out
of place compared to today's, but still fits well with this fantastic
movie."And lick your belly in circles further and further down, and then pull
your panties off with my teeth." - Matt (Rick Rossovich) "Who is this?" - Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton)
			
Rated R for Violence,Language and Some Sexuality The Terminator is Arnold Schwarggenager's most famous film.I don't
think its anything special but back in 1984 the special effects were
excellent.Now its just a fun action/sci-fi film.Terminator 2 Judgement
Day is the best film of the series and Terminator 3 was pretty good as
well.This is the worst one in the series but it is pretty entertaining
as well.The plot involves a man sent from the future because a robot
called "The Terminator" was sent to kill Sarah Connor so she would
never have her son who would aid them in a future war against the
machines.The Terminator is filled with fun action scenes and is one of
Arnold's best movies.
			
The Terminator is not as good as it's sequel in my opinion. However,
its still a good watch. The story is one of the best and most
interesting I have ever seen. Schwarzenegger is great as the villain sent back through time to kill
the mother of a future leader at all costs. I mean. Who doesn't love that? It's basically a massive long chase
movie. When the action starts it doesn't stop and it doesn't stop for breath.If thrills, chills and action are your thing then be sure to check out
The Terminator.Enjoy and thanks for reading!
			
I simply loved this clip. It has a bit from every movie genre, horror,
romance, action, even comedy. Arnold Schwarzenegger's fate was to play
the role of The Terminator, the unstoppable machine with an ability to
erase everything between him and his target.Terminator goes back through time from the year 2029 to the middle of
the 80's. His mission is to kill Sarah Connor, the upcoming mother of
mankind's only hope, John Connor. Arnold's acting is perfect,
everything from the robotic movements to the experienced handling of
fire-arms. The scene where he makes a killing spree in the police
station with a machine gun in the other hand, and a shotgun in the
other is bad ass! That is my favorite scene in the movie, and one of my
favorite scenes in the movie history.The human resistance sends a soldier named Kyle Reese, to protect
Sarah. Later we find out that Kyle's only mission was not just to
protect her, but to become the father of John Connor. This unique plot
turn makes our minds go crazy from thinking all this, John sends his
own father back through time to "make" him.In the end Kyle blows up The Terminator, unfortunately not surviving
from the explosion. But the machine isn't dead yet! Finally Sarah
destroys it with a hydraulic compressor and soon is taken to the
hospital.In Terminator 2: Judgment Day we find out that after driving down the
highway in the end of the previous movie Sarah tried to blow up the
computer factory responsible from the nuclear war.My opinion: Excellent story, excellent actors/acting, and excellent
action scenes with mind-blowing gun-fights; definitely an amazing
movie! 9/10 points.
			
Watching this movie, leaves you scared and stuck to the screen! Great
makeup and effects for its time, especially being able to pull off
after being low budget. A must see movie for all guys (girls can watch
to). You also get a nice little love scene ; ) Great action, great
suspense. Although not required to understand the other two terminator
movies, this one shows the 'bad' side to the terminator. Great lines
were born from this movie, such as "I'll Be Back", "Come with me if you
want to live", and "knee caps!" Great performances by Linda Hamilton
and Arnold Schwarzenegger. The finale is filled with amazing thrilling
action, and will let you leave the movie satisfied wanting to be part
of the future!
			
One of the best science fiction films of all time. A perfect blend of
action thrills and sci-fi intrigue, with a fair dose of horror elements
throw in. The story borrows from a ton of sources, but still manages to
be mostly original, and actually all makes sense in the end. Time
travel stuff can get pretty dodgy sometimes, but this manages to all
work out with a predestination paradox explaining everything. The
sequels kind of ruin this part of the story, but this film executes it
perfectly. It's also got some great acting, from Arnold's iconic role
to Michael Biehn's under-appreciated performance to Linda Hamilton's
surprisingly good turn, and some terrific effects, considering how
low-budget it was. The action sequences are perfectly staged, and the
exciting climax is both terrifying and exhilarating. Though I like T2
better, I can appreciate how influential this film was.
			
Well, In fact i was so little when this movie was made! (I wasn't born
yet!) The story is the most beautiful story ever written.The cast
member (from Arnie to the last extra) is made of gold. Why? 'Cos they
made a new legend. The same way that Ford Coppola made his "Godfather"
Jim Cameron create the new feeling about human life, love and the
relations between people. How many cost human life? It could cost a lot
or, in other hand, nothing ( a micro-sec, like Resee told in the first
part) Really why do we cry? Neither ourself can reply to this question.This part is the beginning of a legend: Sarah Connor, my hero. I always
will wanted to be like her. It could be that this film was considered
as B series, but there are so many reasons to consider it as a great
film.First of all they create a new visual effects: Animatronics, which have
been used in so many films. And the best scene i even seen was when
Sarah is waiting to a police in a disco in Pico Blv. and the Terminator
is searching her. But just when the Terminator pass by the side of
Sarah she goes down to catch a bottle she dropped. And when she returns
to sit, she crosses the look with Resee.Some many People used to critic that if Resee is the Jonh's father why
doesn't change the future? In fact all memories about Jonh Connor
should change isn't it? But, anyways this film is for me a gift. Thanks
4 all Mr Cameron.
			
this is a fantastic film especially if you enjoy horrors and sci fi
films.its about a cyborg sent from the future to kill the mother of the
leader of the human resistance.in the future, machines rule the world
and one man called John Connor created the human resistance to fight
back against the machines. Arnold Schwarzenegger is brilliant as the
terrifying cyborg even though he doesn't have to say much in the
film.He has come to teminatinate John Connor before he has even been
born The main character is Michael Biehn who plays kyle Reece, he
narrates the story to the audience and Linda Hamilton is good at the
woman who's world has been turned upside down. the special affects are
not that good now but at the time they were really good especially for
the end scene between the terminator and Sarah Connor. if people liked
this film they should definitely watch its sequel as it gets even
better than the first!!
			
James Cameron makes his science fiction masterpiece about time travel,
cyborgs, guns, chicks, and Arnold. Hot damn this was an awesome movie!
I had never seen this before so I watched this with extreme scrutiny
considering the heaps of praise everyone lavishes upon this movie, and
I have to say nearly every bit of it holds up like a rock. Cameron
tackles the subject of the past affecting the future through time
travel without skipping a beat and barrels his movie down a slip and
slide of action. Action splashed here, splashed there, action freaking
everywhere. The stop motion was great as was the dark, almost black
post-apocalyptic world of the future. We see tank machines rolling over
dozens of skulls and bones, lasers, guns, battle armor, flying
machines, this movie was so much fun. About the only problems I had
with the movie were the Highlander-esquire special lightning effects at
the beginning of the movie. If I were going to update anything, it
would have to be the way the lighting licked the metal pipes while the
bum in the alleyway looked on unfazed at the storm of blue electricity.
Either it was the bum's lack of reaction that I didn't like or it was
the actual special effect. It's hard to decide. Anyways, another
classic film from the science fiction genre down thanks to the
University library.
			
What I most enjoyed about The Terminator was the great writing of the
story. If you stand back and look at the overall movie, it is very
similar to the well-written sci-fi stories that you read in the
anthologies. The screenplay's brilliance lies in its ability to tell a
science fiction story within a contemporary urban setting, without
losing any of the impact of making you feel like you have been
transported to another world.The special effects look a little dated (although it's amazing what was
done given the limitations) for those who are purists for that sort of
thing, but if you like a good sci-fi story, you will very quickly start
to forget about analyzing the special effects. There is significant
violence in the film, just as a warning, although frankly I think it is
not gratuitous and is not nearly as bad as what you might see in a
thriller/horror movie today.So if you find yourself getting annoyed with the quality of science
fiction movies today, or if you feel that lately the fantasy movies are
getting all of the attention, go see The Terminator and you will be
pleasantly surprised at how exciting it is!
			
Arnold Schwartzenegger's claim to fame differs from most B-movies that
it has aged extremely well. James Cameron's haunting cinematography,
great actor performances and above all, a brilliant baddie make this a
memorable film. Arnold Schwarzenegger almost doesn't feel human anyway,
so in this movie he's perhaps showing off a characteristic that you
don't find in just any actor.What still makes this movie extremely worth-while too is the excellent
soundtrack. Though done entirely on a synthesizer, it sounds brilliant
and fits the action like a glove. Big props to Brad Fiedel. Also, unlike some other typically violent movies, this one keeps
everything fresh and doesn't become boring or repetitive. The
relentless grind of the Terminator's hunt gives the film a truly
successful feeling of suspense.A unique film and a stand-out product of the 1980s.
			
I first saw this movie in 2001 out of curiosity on how it began. When
watching it you just know it was one of those films forever branded as
classic. In 1984 this would have been a masterful achievement as it
looks as though a lot of work was put into the action scenes and
special effects.Sarah Connor. A simple diner maid has more than she bargained for when
a killer cyborg from the future with outer living tissue comes after
her. When she meets up with a hardened defense soldier on a mission to
protect her from the cyborg, also from the cyborg's ERA, she learns she
will soon give birth to a military leader who will achieve human
survival in the machine's war 2029. After constantly dodging and
fighting the t-800's cunning ways these two runaway victims learn more
about themselves and each other than they never new.Won't look so great now but I'm sure everyone understands that. The
action scenes are well thought and awesomely done. This was the first
time this storyline had been used so it was very original. The special
effects would have been well recognizable in that time as well.
Although this classic is heavily shadowed by it's popular sequel, it's
still an awesome time in front of the TV today. 9/10
			
If I had to list my favourite SF movies of all time, "The Terminator"
would probably top the list. "Terminator" manages to be both violent
and cerebral, to have enough action and enough intelligence, to have a
good premise and a great message.This is THE best of the Terminator movies - despite looking painfully
out-of-date in this CGI-dependent age (such as the stop-motion
endoskeletons and the damaged Terminator heads), it's still of
inconsequence. This movie has a relatively simple story - running from
the ultimate killing machine - yet an intricate back story makes it
more than just your average chase movie."Terminator" is so totally convincing with Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton) as the lead, in a non-exploitative role so clearly lacking in
modern action movies (re: Charlie's Angels). She manages to be a person
truly scared by what's going on - namely the Terminator and Reese. For
the first part of the movie, it's hard to know who is the scarier.If you haven't already seen it, seek it out. It might seem ugly in
comparison to CGI-soaked epics such as Star Wars and LOTR, but the
effects do not matter so much.9/10
			
The Terminator has everything - action, romance, slight humour and a
brilliant storyline. The reason the story line is so good, is because
unlike a lot of films these days, this film could become a reality. The
idea of machines and computers taking over our world is a definite
possibility, as they will indeed become cleverer than us. (fact)But getting back to the film, the special effects are what most caught
my eye. Indeed, by todays standards using stop motion animation
(plasticine models moved one frame at a time) is dated, but I feel this
made the film seem scarier some how. Just seeing the T-101 's
endoskeleton walking down the corridor at the cyberdyne factory sends
shivers down my spine, because the animation looks so scary - a
brilliant piece of directing by James Cameron. This is were Terminator
3 failed, because the CGI (computer generated images) just isn't scary.
One things for sure, you can't beat hand produced special effects, and
Stan Winston has done a stunning job. in both T1 and T2.Of course, this film has some great acting in it as well. Micheal Biehn
does a good job of not being able to adapt to 1984. What I like is the
good choice of actors. Neither the character Kyle Reese or Sarah Connor
are absolute superstars that have glamorous looks, and thats why
Cameron chose them. He made us see how the character of Sarah Connor
could have happened to any one. (providing they have an unborn son, as
you'll see in the film)And as Sarah keeps asking herself in the film
"why me?" Cameron doesn't need to unravel an answer, but suggests that
she is just a normal citizen, who has been given this terrible ordeal.
But in kyle Reese's (Micheal Biehn) eye, she is very important.Cameron uses some good directing techniques, especially with the music.
The theme tune has a simple electronic style to it, but it stays in you
head for ages! But for a low budget movie, music composer Brad Fiedel
does a great job, mixing tension, with classic piano music in the scene
were Sarah and kyle spend a bit of time 'in bed'. The piano music
immediately reminded me of the piano music used in Titanic. So it seems
Cameron hasn't lost his touch for music.By the 2 disc special edition DVD to get extra features, including
commentary, trailers, 'the making of T1' and some deleted scenes, which
I have been puzzled why there were deleted. One shows some FBI or
special agents removing the terminators main chip right at the end, and
slips it inot his pocket, explaining how it got to the cyberdyne
factory in T2.You really can't fault this film. For a low budget film, its been put
together simply and the outcome is great.
			
With this low-budget scifi movie one of the greatest series in the
history of cinema begins. Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) is an ordinary
woman with ordinary life. One day this changes. From the future comes a
hideous killer, a cyborg wo can not be killed. It is known as the
Terminator(Arnold Swartzenegger). A lone human warrior, also sent from
the future, must confront him and save Sarrah, for she is to give birth
to a great leader, who can defeat the Terminators in a chilling war in
not-so-far future. But how can a man and a woman stop an invincible
robot of terrible power? This is a great film. The actors are
excellent, especially Arnold. The action is very interesting and seems
very real. The atmosphere in the movie is great. In conclusion, this is
a wonderful film for every fan of scifi actions. But watch out, the
second one is even better!
			

When The Terminator came out in 1984, it launched Arnold Schwarzenegger
into super-stardom and established its director James Cameron as one of
Hollywood's most talented directors by becoming one of the most
successful movies of the year. The story of a cyborg brought back
through time from 2029 to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor, a woman who's
unborn son will become a military leader and help mankind fight the
machines who will take over the world in a near-future captivated
movie-goers everywhere around the world. The movie was shot with a $6
million budget and ended up grossing more than $80 million worldwide
and became a sci-fi classic among fans. Although the movie was
overshadowed by its 1991 super-sequel, T2, The Terminator stands on its
own and manages to give good thrills and great action sequences even
with its small budget. Arnold Schwarzenegger is perfect in is landmark
role as a fearless mean-killing machine who has no remorse and no pity
for poor Sarah Connor who's life changes after Kyle Reese, a soldier
who was also sent back from the future to protect Sarah against the
terminator. Linda Hamilton is excellent and so is Michael Biehn as
Sarah's love interest and father of her son, Kyle Reese. Most people
have seen T2 and have missed this incredible first chapter to one of
the best science-fiction sagas in movie history. I give The Terminator
a good 8.5/10 for its action, its director and Arnold Schwarzenegger
for one of his most impressive performance.

			

No doubt of it. The Terminator is a movie that I won't never forget. Mostly
because of that Michael Biehn is on it but also because of it's made by
master director James Cameron. Movie was the opening for many star actors of
today; Arnold Schwarzenegger (as the Terminator), 
Michael Biehn (As the savior Kyle Reese), Linda Hamilton (as Sarah Connor).
Even Bill Paxton is on this movie. Movie is made with the touch of
specialists (James Cameron, Gale Anne Hurd, Stan Winston, Brad Fiedel and so
on),the effects are good for a movie of the 80's, music is...well what can
you say except legendaric. The movie is getting little bit old, but it won't
never be forgotten. Seriously I can say that is movie beats at least
Terminator 3 and maybe even Terminator 2. A movie that no scifi fan should
miss.   
			

I have seen it over a hundred times and i got it on video and i just want to
say that this film is a excellent action movie which also has a brain
(story). There is some very good acting by Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn and
of course Arnold...because even if he doesn't say so much (but "I'll be
back" is to damn good) he looks like a regular tough guy with absolutely no
feelings...he does the role excellent, that role was made for
Arnold.
I heard that James Cameron was going to cast Jrgen Prochnow or Lance
Henriksen in the role of the terminator...thank good i changed his
mind.
			

It's been a while since I last saw this movie. With T3 coming out soon,
which thus far I've no desire to see, it's had me remembering the first two
installments of this series. Both are well done, but there are a lot of
reasons I prefer this original movie.1. The freshness of it. Arnold Schwarzenegger was relatively unknown (except
for Conan the Barbarian fans)as an actor. James Cameron was unknown as a
director. Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn were all unknowns. It is a
straightforward story with incredible tension.2. Arnold makes a better bad guy than good guy.  This is my biggest reason
for preferring the original. Arnold doesn't say much more than a dozen
words. Being unknown, he's viewed less as Schwarzenegger playing yet another
action role, and more as the character himself - a superstrong, persistent,
unstoppable terminator with no conscience.3. The dark tone of the film.  T2 is a load of fun, but it's a blatantly
intended summer film. It's choreographed with scenes that just pack it in
for the box office. Terminator is anything but this, being sinister and
foreboding. It's my impression that this was a nice personal project from
Cameron that started this franchise when it had as much success as it did,
but even more so when Arnold's box-office status really took
off.----------{Spoiler Alert!}------------I have two main drawbacks with this film. The special effects with the bare
terminator were probably cutting-edge at the time.  But it looks so much
like a cartoon super-imposed in the wide-angle shots.Then there is the paradox of John Connor's conception. It's not enough to
diminish the entertainment value of this movie, but this one absurdity
stands out since everything else (given a 1984 viewpoint of world history
and politics) seems at least possible.  It does make for an entertaining
twist to discover Kyle Reese as the father.  But it can't help but rack your
brain to think... how can John Connor send Kyle back on this assignment, if
he has not yet gone to conceive him?  But I know by now this is a tired
argument.  Like I said, it's still highly entertaining, but sticks out as
the biggest absurdity---------{END SPOILER ALERT}-------One last interesting note is the inclusion of Franco Columbu as the future
terminator, who in real life was one of Arnold's best friends and
bodybuilding competitors.
			

This is a genuinely great film in every regards. James Cameron has crafted a
film that works on so many emotional and story telling levels, it was an
early sign of what a great talent he was going to be in future years (even
if the budgets were to get out of control).
     
To start of The Termintator works as a great science fiction/time travel
story, but transends that and goes of into other fantastic realms as Cameron
takes the film and turns it into a great gothic love story, a nightmarish
thriller and a story of irony and love. It is a classic film and one that
defines the 80's. Where he suceeds most is with his story. Cameron's
abilities as a story teller is what makes him one of the best directors
working today and the story of Sarah Connor and the battle to either save or
end her life is compulsive film and is dealt with with great assurance from
Cameron as he takes full control of the screenplay and the direction,
squeezing every emotion and inch of suspense for all it is
worth.It is no surprise to see that Arnie went on to bigger and better things
after this film. His performance in this film is that of sheer menace. The
lack of emotion and that cold, icy face makes the character an icon, even if
he is such an evil person (thing). While saying half a dozen lines, looking
evil and firing lots of guns isn't what you would call a great performance,
Arnie turns it into an art form and showed everybody in 1984 that this guy
could just be the next best thing.If Arnie (sorry for calling him that, I can't spell his surname) is the evil
centre of the story, then Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn are the emotional
centre, the love story that develops between them heartbreaking at the end,
but one which throughout the film gives us a sense of optimism. Their
performances are fantastic, especially Hamilton, and the development of
their characters is spot on.It is no surprise that Cameron went on to bigger and better things after
this, but the film is still a monumental one and one that is often
associated with him, even if it is a low budget thriller. While the sequel
would go on to be better (in my opinion), it is the sheer horror and
viciousness of this film as well as the performance of Arnie that will
always make us remember this one even more.
			

This film is magnificant, i mean u have this huge man/machine (Arnie) who
just makes the film hit u even more...Imagine someone like emmm michael
biehn as the terminator it just wouldn`t be the same, don`t get me wrong i
think mike played an excellent part, but it wouldn`t so most of the credit
should go to him, oh and cameron (great director i like all his
films....titanic not in my fav films though) the story is superb and when
u
see the sequel it just goes together perfectly which is why i believe is
what makes terminator 2 such a tremendous film!
a true classic!!!
			

I think that sometimes, true genius is overlooked...for instance, James
Cameron is associated most with Titanic, however this and T2 are my
favorite
movies of his.  Not to say that this movie is overlooked, because it's
not,
it's just not recognized as much as it should be.  Just about every sci-fi
thriller in that last 10 years or so owes something to this movie.  It's
an
amazing movie to watch and take in, it's no wonder why this movie should
and
will go down as one of the best ever made.  It's a great movie...9 out of
10
			

This is one of the movies I enjoy watching over and over again, and the one
movie I would love to (to steal a line from the MIB commercial) "see again
for the first time."  It is amazing that a rookie director was able to make
a movie this good.The sequel is technically better, but this one has more
heart.
			
This is one of Arnold Schwarzenegger's signature movies, where he stars
as a cyborg sent from 2029 to 1984 by the machines to assassinate
waitress Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) so she would not give birth do
John Connor. John will eventually lead humanity against the machines in
a nuclear war.This is an exhilarating movie from start to finish, gaining steam right
from the beginning when the Terminator appears almost immediately,
wreaking havoc in the city, followed by the appearance of Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn), who begins his mission to protect Sarah Connor. From
the human chases to Arnold's catchy one-liners, and from the mysterious
war to the explosions, this film has a suspenseful story by James
Cameron, solid direction by James Cameron and an amazing, believable
display of sci-fi effects by the Special and Visual Effects teams.The dreary atmosphere of the war-torn world under the hands of the
machines gives you an eerie feeling of what might happen in a
futuristic world and the mysterious plot line/mission as described by
Kyle Reese gives the film its dramatic and intriguing element. And,
Biehn and Hamilton had some good on-screen chemistry and Schwarzenegger
is hilarious with his one-liners and proves he is a destructive force
to be reckon with; after seeing Arnold as the butt-kicking action hero
in many films, it is interesting and almost out-of-this-world to see
him play the villain! The acting was good for the most part, though I thought Hamilton was a
little too reserved at times. Brad Fiedel's music score needed a more
mysterious and sci-fi feel, though I did like the Terminator theme, and
some of the action scenes were a little overkill. But overall, this is
a one of the most iconic films in cinema history and and is a must-see
for any action and sci-fi movie fans.Grade A-
			
Countless movies about the future have been made. By now the majority
of them look very dated by today's standards, especially if a year is
given and that year passes by. But many have also managed to age well
and hold up decades after their release. This 1984 Sci-Fi/Action
classic is such a film and one of the most successful. It's also one of
the few to spawn a franchise that to this day is still going. It's also
a rare example of an action film that doesn't go over-the-top and this
is a big part of why it's so amazing and memorable. It proves you don't
need never-ending action and explosions to make a classic action film.Pros: A very cool premise. Excellent work by the cast. A good score
with a memorable main theme. Spectacular effects that have aged well.
Beautifully shot. Moves at a lightening pace from start to finish.
Exciting action sequences. Smarter and has more heart than most other
films of this kind. The future scenes are pretty powerful.Cons: The hair and clothing styles date the film. One annoying plot
hole.Final thoughts: Almost 30 years old and still going strong, 'The
Terminator' is an exercise in never-ending excitement and quality
film-making and acting. And so far the sequels have been worthy and so
I know I'm looking forward to the upcoming fourth installment. Unlike a
lot of other series, this one doesn't feel like it's overstayed it's
welcome. What a tremendous start for a series.My rating: 4.5/5
			
"The Terminator" is a classic 80s action movie. Yes, it's a bit cheesy,
the special effects are obviously fake now, and there isn't a huge
amount of character development in this film, but it's still the best
of this series, in my opinion. This is considered to be a low budget
film, as most of the stars were unknowns at the time. Now that Arnold
Schwarzeneggar is a huge star (as well as governor), the film can be
looked at somewhat as the beginning of a career. Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton) is rescued from the Terminator by Kyle Reese, a man from the
future who knows that Connor's son John will lead the rebellion against
the takeover by robots in the future. The rest of the film consists of
the two of them trying to escape this Terminator and the events that
will result in John Connor's birth. It's still a great film, and the
best of this series so far, even though it doesn't have great visual
effects. There are good performances from the entire cast, and there
are tons of humorous bits throughout the film that lighten up such a
suspenseful, frightening story. "Terminator 2" is an impressive sequel,
but because I feel it is overly violent, I'm not going to rate it
higher than this film.***1/2 out of ****
			

Nice night for a walk, eh?  Not so fast, better drive. Cause Arnold is after
you in this the king of all Arnold movies. Probably one of the most original
ideas to come out of Hollywood around that time. So what if you've seen it a
thousand times? Who hasn't? This movie has lots and lots of cool stuff. I
mean who wouldn't want they're own Terminator around, just for goofs. Send
him after the Jehovah's Witnesses, send him after the cops who busted you for
speeding last week, send him after the paper boy from Better Off Dead. Cool
guns, big explosions, cyborg, future vehicles of destruction, and my
personal favorite, an entire police station full of cops being wiped out. It
doesn't get any better than cops being obliterated. #23 on my top
100
			
I bought this title after watching the first two installments of the
new "Sarah Conner Chronicles". It was a favorite of mine back in the
80's and it still is. I don't care that the effects are not as pristine
as they are today. It's the story, which along with "Back To The
Future" explores aspects of time travel in an interesting way. It's
also the way the Terminator is presented as a malevolence that is
almost unstoppable. One of my favorite moments is watching Linda
Hamilton's expression after Kyle Reese has pumped round after round in
the the Terminator - and he still gets up! I swear, it is almost like
"The Omen" - how do you stop a foe that is unstoppable? The 2nd movie
was also good although I'm not wild about loudmouth kids acting beyond
their years. I wish Arnold had remained the bad guy - that was where
his real value was. The third movie was a fiasco. But this movie was
and always will be my favorite of the franchise.
			
It has to been about 7 years or so, when I was around 15 years old I
saw this the last time. What I remember thinking was "this is good, but
the sequel is definitely better". Well, spank me. It's not that I for
sure can tell which of these is the best, but Cameron has that strange
gift to make a sequel that switch genre, but still keeping the top
quality. If Judgment day is a Punch-In-The-Face-Action Flick, then The
Terminator is a chilling classic thriller with some great, but never
over the top action scenes.The development of Sarah feels believable, even though it all only
occurs during one night. It 's like the same transformation Luke
Skywalker goes through, but packed into 1h 50m without feeling rushed.
Impressive screen writing. Kyle is also a great character, even though
he doesn't change during the story. His function is to save Sarah,
while trying to convince her about what he knows.The acting is great to, this is exactly how far Arnie can act without
exposing his non existing talent. What's strange is that this movie
didn't rocket lauch Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn's careers. I know
Hamilton did the popular "Beuty and the beast" show, and Biehn kept
getting work from Cameron, but I mean Big Time Superstars. I see Julia
Roberts/Brad Pitt potential when I see this film... To everyone who saw this in their teen and liked Judgement day more,
just give it a chance again, it should be worth it. If it isn't we just
have to disagree on this one.
			
In 1984, little known director James Cameron picked up little known
body building muscle man Arnold Schwarzenegger for a sci fi action
movie 'The Terminator'. In short, both do very good jobs: Cameron, with
his excellent provision of special effects and action sequences, and
Arnold, expertly playing the terminator: an emotionless killing
machine.For the time, and even now, this film is nearly startlingly brutal.
Less slow than 'Alien' and more in your face, this is a no-holds, dark
piece of work, as this piece of human metal performs hideous operations
and cold bloodily (yes, the Terminator has blood) kills innocent (or
not so innocent) beings.This film was a landmark for it's time, a lot to do with the special
effects. Maybe less so impressive today, but the action sequences are
frequent, and frequently impressive. This is tense, exciting stuff,
from the word go. We care for our characters, but in a strange way,
this Terminator has likable qualities: it manages to be so insensitive,
yet so undeniably unstoppably cool.Where this film faults is general errors. They may be little, and not
hold back the entertainment value, but do stick out like a knife in the
back. (Note: James Cameron directed 'The Titanic', check this website
for goofs!) For instance, the tension is unintentionally held back in
one scene where our heroin desperately shoves a quarter into a phone
box and dials 911. Since when is money needed for emergency calls?Still, this is brutal and effective: a classic, and still today, it
remains and very solid, if faulted, movie.***/ out of **** (3 and a half out of 4)
			
I first saw the Terminator back in 1996 at the time I hadn't seen too
many science fiction films and after watching it I thought of it as one
of the best films of all time.Arnold Schwarzenegger's performance as a killing machine was
sensational his character showed no fear or remorse for his actions,
Linda Hamilton's portrayal of Sarah Connor a timid woman turned brave
warrior amazed me in the beginning she was a girl who couldn't balance
a cheque book and by the end she became a strong person prepared to
face the history of things to come. Michael Biehn's role as Kyle Reese
a soldier sent from the future to protect an important person showed
determination. His character had emotions ranging from courage to
passion it still is a great action film about transformation and
preparing to face your destiny.In the year 2029 a computer known as Skynet had waged a deadly war
against humanity for years now they've created the ultimate weapon
called terminators. On the outside they look human but on the inside
they're cyborgs designed to kill, now a terminator has been sent back
in time to May of 1984. His mission is to eliminate Sarah Connor
(Hamilton) a young woman whose unborn son John will become the leader
of the human resistance that will fight against the machines and
achieve victory. All that stands between them is Kyle Reese (Biehn) a young soldier sent
back to protect her & ensure her survival. It's a terrifying race
against time as Sarah & Kyle keep fighting a battle to the finish to
smash that killer to pieces.I rate this film 9/10
			

I like all the Terminator movies about the same; they all have their
strengths and weaknesses so I rank them all a nine.  This one looks very
dated now and some of the special effects just don't look so hot, but it
still is a fun movie to watch as Arnold plays the killing machine very well.
 His prey, Sarah Connor played very well by Linda Hamilton.  The story is
good and there is lots of action and excitement.  This one goes pretty quick
too, unlike the second one which has places in it that drags a bit.  Of
course it makes up for the slow parts by having better effects than this
one.  This one has many memorable scenes, the most memorable being the
Terminator's attack on the police station.  There are a couple of Cameron
staples here as Michael Biehan and Lance Henrikson are in it.  They appear
in other Cameron movies as well.  Bill Paxton even has a small role in this
one.  All in all a very good sci-fi action movie that is entertaining and
exciting even though it is a bit dated now.
			

I friggin' love this movie.  Schwarzenegger's best without a doubt.
Arguably Cameron's finest.  And he did it with a low budget!In comparison to the other two it's far and away the best.  The plot is
simpler, which results in the movie having a tighter flow.  And far more
suspenseful to boot; the man-versus-machine concept beats the predictable
machine-versus-machine struggle in the two sequels.Schwarzenegger is dead perfect in the role of the cyborg.  Cold, cruel,
frighteningly deadpan, and let's face it...nobody can say "F*ck you,
a**hole" like Arnie in this movie.  Probably his best display of the
little
acting ability he has.Michael Beihn and Linda Hamilton were pretty much unknown before this
movie
came along, and their groundbreaking performances in this didn't seem to
amount to their careers like it did for Ahh-nuld.  What a
shame.If you can get past the quaint stop-motion effects and the holes in the
script (but not surprising; what time travel film doesn't have its
share?),
you'll enjoy the hell out of this.  I've seen it over 10 times and it
still
holds up in ways that the sequels can't seem to touch.
Bravo!A solid 9 out of 10 from me.
			
The Terminator starts in the future post apocalyptic year of 2029 where
the machine has taken complete control & are engaging in a war intent
on wiping mankind out, after realising they have lost the war against
mankind the machines send a T-800 cybernetic terminator (Arnold
Schwarzenegger) back in time to 1984 Los Angeles where it is programmed
to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) the mother of the leader of the
resistance who in the future will defeat the machines. At the same time
the resistance is able to send back a protector for Sarah, a soldier
named Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) in an attempt to prevent her
termination by the killer cyborg. The streets of Los Angeles become the
fighting ground for the very future of humanity as Sarah must survive
or all hope for mankind will be lost...This English American co-production was co-written & directed by James
Cameron & has gone on to become widely acknowledged as just about the
best sci-fi action film of the 80's & maybe even to this point it
hasn't been bettered, it's an iconic film with many moments that have
become part of pop culture & the amount of killer robot flicks that
have followed is also a testament to it's popularity & influence. The
script by Cameron & producer Gale Ann Hurd is a terrific action packed
thoughtful & intelligent sci-fi thriller, it has a great pace about it
with plenty of car chases, shoot-outs, fights & futuristic battle
scenes to satisfy most action junkies & plenty of robots, an extremely
well thought out time travel story that makes perfect sense & an
underlying message about putting too much faith in machines & computers
in an era when the modern PC hadn't even been invented & I guess
Cameron just saw the way things were going. There's so much to enjoy
here & so little to not not like, from exciting action set-pieces set
both in the present & the future, some great special effects that hold
up pretty well even today, a really good solid sci-fi story which is
well thought out & easy to pick up & understand while still managing to
be gripping & a really fast pace which simply doesn't allow the viewer
to become bored although there's still enough meaningful character
development when needed for you to care for them & what happens to
them. An almost perfect film & an absolute classic of the genre or
indeed any genre, one of the best films ever made. Period.Director Cameron has since gone on to become one of the biggest
director's in Hollywood with a string of huge films like Aliens (1986),
The Abyss (1989), Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991), True Lies (1994)
the the most successful film ever made to date Titanic (1997) while The
Terminator was his second full length feature film after the OK horror
sequel Piranha Part Two: The Spawning (1981) & he does a great job of
making his small budget go far. From the action scenes to the special
effects The Terminator is an impressive film even today, OK some of the
stop motion terminator effects aren't the best they still at least look
alright. The film is very violent with lots of gun-play, there's also
some gore as the terminator has to get rid of his damaged eye by
inserting a scalpel into it & plucking it out, he also has to slice his
arm open to repair some mechanics.With a supposed budget of about $6,400,000 this didn't have a
particularly big budget but the film doesn't suffer as there's still
more car chases, shoot-outs, special effects & fights than a lot of
much higher budgeted Hollywood stuff from the time. The music is great,
the effects are good, it's well made & the production values are high.
The acting is very good all round, apparently only paid $75,000
Schwarzenegger is perfect for the role & he gets to say his trademark
'Ill be back' for the first time on screen.The Terminator is a solid gold 100% classic & it's as simple & straight
forward as that. There quite simply isn't anything that I don't like
about this film, definitely recommended. Followed by the equally as
brilliant Terminator 2: Judgment Day, the not so brilliant but still
enjoyable Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines (2008) while a third
sequel Terminator Salvation: The Future Begins (2009) is apparently in
production.
			
The Terminator is the father of cyberpunk and is one of the very first
movie directed by James Cameron where he really started to build his
name. He showed his talent with this small budget independent
production. The star rating of this film is mainly due to the fact that
its a landmark in the industry.The good. Very imaginative background and setting. Well paced scenario.
Interesting characters. Captivating story. Solid suspense. Nice action.The actors. The machine is a good role for Arnold Schwarzenegger at the
beginning of his career since it doesn't require much pronunciation.
I've always loved Michael Biehn and even if he's not at his best, he
did great with what he was given. Linda Hamilton hadn't yet bloomed and
her limitations are showing a little bit, yet she gave us a great
portrayal.The bad. A few overly simple dialogs. The stop motion animation is
good, but nowadays, it's an old technology. The mechanical puppet
doesn't have human fluidity it should have. The latex stand-in is
pitiful by today's standard.The ugly. Nothing.The result. Everyone should see it because it's a landmark, especially
sci-fi fans.
			
Director James Cameron sends Michael Biehn (as Kyle Reese) from a
post-nuclear war future to destroy cyborg Arnold Schwarzenegger (as
"The Terminator") before he kills Linda Hamilton (as Sarah Connor).
Why? Surviving historical records of the future show one "Sarah Connor"
will bear a son who will grow up and help defeat a new "race" of Earth
controlling Machines. Any questions? Director Cameron's "The Terminator" perfectly captures the look, and
feel, of Los Angeles in the mid-1980s. Cameron's ability to thrillingly
direct is the film's greatest strength; he mesmerizes. Mr. Biehn and
Ms. Hamilton are a great hero team. Mr. Schwarzenegger is much more of
a special effect than an actor, which means he is perfect in this
movie. You're always going to have "flaws" in this type of film;
though, note, the "time paradox" problem is explained by a quick
reference to possible future realities (plural). Of more concern,
story-wise, is the weakness in The Terminator's arm, early on; it
doesn't quite fit the growing depiction of indestructibility.
Obviously, there were some flaws in the cyborg's limbs. Whatever, "The
Terminator is an exciting, stylistic triumph. ********* The Terminator (1984) James Cameron ~ Arnold Schwarzenegger,
Michael Biehn, Linda Hamilton, Paul Winfield
			
Here's another film from the '80s that is reaching "classic" status.
Unlike some of the other popular movies of its day, this one had two
sequels that both were successful, particularly the second. In
retrospect, what makes this "Terminator" different is that Arnold
Schwarzenegger was the villain, not the hero, as he was in the other
Terminator movies.Here, Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton are the "good guys." The now
famous phrase by Arnold, "I'll be back." comes from this film.
Hamilton, meanwhile, also was different, with a shapely figure and a
fairly nice person, unlike the ultra-thin and coarse woman she was in
the first sequel.Played mostly for violence and special effects, the film is a bit rough
and sleazy in parts but certainly was popular because, like most of
Arnold's film, it flat-out entertains.
			

I don't like action movies generally, and had to be coaxed into seeing this
one by a friend.  It was a major and pleasant surprise to me, and I left it
with questions beyond the scope of the film, which always happens with the
ones I really like (ie, Did John know who Reese was/would be when he sent
him?).  Most of all, I left it a Michael Biehn fan; he is great in this
movie. 
			
Being a pre-teen back in 1984, it was inevitable not to get familiar
with all the action movies of the 1980's. And the 1984 "The Terminator"
starring none other than Arnold Schwarzenegger definitely was one of
the biggest action movies of the mid-Eighties.I am very sure that everyone is familiar with the "Terminator"
franchise and the plans of Skynet. But for those of you not yet
familiar with the franchise, this 1984 movie, which started it all, is
about a cyborg (played by Arnold Schwarzenegger) sent from 2029 back in
time to 1984 where his mission is to terminate Sarah Connor (played by
Linda Hamilton), whose unborn son will lead humanity in a war against
the machines. But the humans of 2029 has managed to send back a single
soldier (played by Michael Biehn) to prevent this from happening.There, essentially the entire story wrapped up with a handful of words.
Despite its simplicity, then there are layers underneath the storyline
which adds lots of flavor and detail to the story and the universe of
the "Terminator" franchise. Things which will come to be realized and
utilized in the later movies.For a 1984 action movie then "The Terminator" was just off the charts.
It had great special effects, heaps of non-stop action, and best of all
it had Schwarzenegger. It has all the ingredients that a good action
movie need in order to be successful. And you must agree that the
"Terminator" franchise has been successful throughout the years since
1984.Director James Cameron does what he does best here, and that is putting
together a riveting action movie that grabs the audience by the
you-know-whats and doesn't let go before the end credits start rolling.
James Cameron really has a talent for memorable action movies.The cast in "The Terminator" also really had a lot of credit due for
the success of the movie. Anything that Arnold Schwarzenegger touched
in the mid-Eighties was bound to be an action success. And alongside
him in this 1984 movie stood Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton, both of
whom put on equally good performances and held the level of
Schwarzenegger formidably."The Terminator" is one of those types of action movies that never grow
old. Sure certain effects are hopelessly outdated by what Hollywood
dish out today, but they were really great back in 1984. And the
effects do serve their purpose well enough, especially given that this
movie is driven by a mixture of story, character and effects.Lots of action and lots of one-liners, "The Terminator" is an
entertaining movie that is well-worth spending 107 minutes on watching.
			
I liked the 1st Terminator movie because of the plot of the movie. I
also liked the idea of the Terminator going back in time was a very
good idea in my mind. The gun-fighting scenes are good as well. I liked
every single fight in the Movie. I especially liked the "Cyborg sent
back in time" part and the "saving the world" part. I enjoyed the movie
quite a bit because of that. The only bad thing was the end. But i
enjoyed that too. There were some bad spots what i didn't like hence
the 8/10. The movie overall was quite good. The aspect of the Movie was
extrorinary. The plot was amazing, the way the movie was acted out was
good, so i can't really say i didn't enjoy it a lot.
			
This was one of those early movies that drew me in to the world of
Hollywood. Of course, when I first watched it, I didn't have much idea
about what went behind the scenes when making this movie. But now that
I do, my respect for this movie has grown tremendously given what it
was able to accomplish on such a low budget with such a small set of
characters making what could have easily been a B-movie in the wrong
hands seem like a solid sci-fi story ending with an epic feeling of the
things to follow.The movie begins with what is possibly one of the coolest title cards
for a 1980s flick with Brad Fiedel's iconic Terminator theme playing in
the background as the cast is listed in the form of messages displayed
from a computer terminal. This is followed by the Terminator and the
human making their appearances from the future into our present,
gathering clothes and weapons and heading out in their own respective
ways in the search for Sarah Connor, a teenage girl part-timing as a
waitress upon whose survival rests humanity's future as both she and us
learn later. What follows is a cat and mouse game where the human goes
all out to protect her and the Terminator is all out to get her and it
won't stop, literally right till the end.What separates this movie (and its immediate sequel) from the "other"
sequels is James Cameron's balancing act who, much like Spielberg,
allows the story to take center-stage and drive everything else and has
perfect control over the length of sequences, edits, camera cuts and
angles. 10 minutes into the movie and you're in, drawn to this world,
completely forgetting that the futuristic crafts and landscapes are
miniatures with absolutely no chance of being drawn out of this world.
While I didn't find the characters to be groundbreaking or as
interesting as in other dramas, the plot was extremely well constructed
and allowed for some really cool paradoxes that would make for some
interesting discussion (would John Conner even exist if he hadn't sent
Kyle back in time).The effects deserve special mention too. It is incredible how much Stan
Winston's crew and Fantasy II were able to achieve at the time. All the
futuristic scenes, the sequence with the Terminator treating his
injuries, the chase sequences and the entire ambitious final act all
work and some of them still hold up three decades later. And Brad
Fiedel's theme gives me goosebumps every time I hear it, as if
signaling an impending apocalypse.All the actors do well in their respective roles, particularly Arnold
who shines in a part that seemed almost tailor made to suit his acting
capabilities. But it is Cameron who is truly the star of this endeavor,
believing in his project and driving it to execution. Thank God for the
success of this movie, which gave us many more masterpieces by Cameron.
But then, it was entirely deserving of it. A sci-fi tech-noir classic.Overall Score: 8.0 / 10.0
			
In the year 2029, the ruling super-computer Skynet, sends an
indestructible cyborg back in time to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor before
she can fulfill her destiny and save mankind.This film starred: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton & Michael
Biehn.THE TERMINATOR was released in 1984 and was directed by James Cameron
and it is still recognised as one of the best sci-fi films of all time
30 years after it's release.In my opinion THE TERMINATOR is a quality film, however I do prefer
TERMINATOR 2 to this original even though this is very good, the sequel
is one of my favourite films. When you start watching this film the 1
hour 47 minutes running time flies by and before you know it the end
credits is up on your screen. I highly recommend this film to all you
SCHWARZENEGGER fans.****/***** Very Good
			
Arnold Schwartzenegger is the terminator, a cyborg sent to kill Sarah
Connor(Linda Hamilton). The science fiction element is time travel with
Arnie attempting to change the future by eliminating the mother of a
leader of a resistance force against evil machines wishing to take over
the world. James Cameron lets the full throttle action tell the story as the
terminator has very few lines of dialog. Most of plot is constant car
and motorcycle chases and large explosions, but hey this ain't
Shakespeare, so just grab some popcorn, sit back and wait for the
immortal "I'll be Back," delivered with such dead pan force by
Schwarzenegger that I have to admit that the terminator is definitely a
guilty pleasure.
			

i like the terminator better than the second one. a lot ofpeople like the second the best. the second one is a 
big-budget movie thats less entertaining than this one. ijust think it's more entertaining to see a human vs. robotthan a robot vs. robot. it's way more interesting to seewhat a human will come up with against a robot than what arobot will come up against another robot. plus the storyto the first terminator is more interesting and less 
confusing than the second one. all in all the terminatoris a thrill ride. i give the terminator *** out of ****
			

This is one of the FEW Sci-Fi movies I have watched over and over and over
and (you get the point (others like it are CONTACT))... Although the plot
is
highly unrealistic (at least I think so), it makes you think "Do we
entrust
computers with too much? Should we make them so "smart" that they can do
most stuff for us?" This is one of the movies where I am impressed with
Arnold... He plays his role almost PERFECT (hardly any lines, just a cold,
rutheless killing-machine). And Linda plays her role exelently
too.The movies has a lot of everything needed for a good action flick: lots of
action, lots of explosions and lots of chasing/stalking (and a tad of
love),
but it manages to balance in the grey area between too much and too
little,
making this a true masterpiece.The story of a world overrun by 'borgs, using the few remaining "fleshies"
as slaves can easily get boring, but this movie keeps the excitement up
from
beginning 'till end... (Not too gory to watch with your girlfriend, but
not
too lovey-gooey to watch with the guys (have you seen 5-6 guys gathering
for
a night of a few beers, some pizza and Titanic?))There aren't many movies like this one...
			

And will probably not be accepted in today's harshing-by-the-minute
counter-violence standards.
It tells the story of a Terminator coming from 2029 to kill the Sarah
Connor, mother of John Conner, the leader of the resistance to prevent him
from ever being born.
The resistance also sends someone through time to protect Sarah and a hunt
ensues across LA.This movie is a straight action with a little love story that develops
between Kyle, the protector, and Sarah, the protectee.
It involves a lot of shooting, killing, maiming and ferocious and
disgustingly
beautiful scenes (The one where the Terminator fixes his hand and eye
using
scalpel).It has almost no element of drama, feeling and very little humor so I
don't
really know why I liked it, but I did.
This movie is not for everyone, it should only be viewed by the
action-freaks, disgust-lovers and the mature in mind with absolutley
nothing
to do.That's about it, too bad I can't get any good quotes out of this movie,
all
of the best ones are from the sequel, so go see that one
too.
			

Oh what one man can do with his toys.....From score to
visuals
to action & suspense to entertainment!  This one's a monster that would
give
any B-movie and  economically bloated "blockbuster" a run for its
flesh.
			

A machine from the future is sent back to the year 1984 to kill a
woman,but
a soldier is sent back to protect her.Awesome science fiction features a
great performance from Arnold,and the romantic subplot is
great.Rating:****1/2 (out of five)  
			
It was interesting upon viewing this movie for the 5th time while
keeping in mind the struggles that California was going through when
Arnold first took office. I saw Sarah Connor as a Gray Davis figure,
one who was unfairly hunted down by powerful enemies, for reasons out
of her control. If you recall Gray Davis was the very unpopular
governor of California during the electricity crisis in 2000 and 2001.
He was unfairly blamed for the rolling blackouts in the state, when in
fact Enron was to blame because they had a stranglehold on the power
plants and were shutting them down, creating excess demand while
diminishing the supply.The Terminator is Enron, a seemingly unstoppable force hellbent on the
destruction of its enemies. Like Enron, The Terminator does not play by
the rules; it does anything it can to complete its objective.But the powerful always fall. Enron flew too close to the sun and
disintegrated when they could not keep up the facade any longer. The
Terminator was destroyed when Sarah Connor lured him into a mechanical
press. Although both Enron and The Terminator was defeated, the threat
they posed still lingers. Corporate greed is still prevalent, as
evidenced by the 2008 financial crisis. Banks and other financial
institutions laid waste to the global economy, without sympathy for
those whose lives they destroyed. The Terminator is a product of a
future, possibly created by another, much more severe financial crisis
that is looming over us. Terminators lay waste to everything,
destroying the world and making it practically uninhabitable. If we do
not learn from our mistakes, and continue to allow corporate greed to
permeate throughout our society, big banks and the financial wizards of
Wall Street will destroy this society without a second thought.
Short-term profits always win out, without any regard for long-term
sustainability.
			
'THE TERMINATOR' was directed by James Cameron and stars Arnold
Schwartzeneger, Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn. In the not too
distant future, the machine have taken over out world and set out to
exterminate the human race. The machines send back The
Terminator(Arnold Schwartzenger), a cyborg killing machine with one
objective: Eliminate Sarah Connor(Linda Hamilton). Rebellion leader,
John Connor, sends back Kyle Reese(Michael Biehn) to protect Sarah and
defeat The Terminator once and for all!This movie is awesome. Do I think it's the greatest action or
science-fiction movie of all time? God no. It's fantastic for what it
is but I don't believe that it is a masterpiece. Needless to say, the
acting and action is superb. I mean it is pretty close to perfect in
some areas. Cameron's world building is incredible and he is a master
at drawing the audience into his world. This movie is fantastic and I
highly recommend you see it.The story is great and very well written. Cameron is seriously a genius
at world building and is very in depth at describing this world. That
is also one of the movie's downfalls. This in depth world building
required a lot of exposition and that doesn't work towards the movie's
favour. Obviously a lot of exposition was needed for a new IP of this
scale but everything can be toned down a bit and condensed and that is
what I wish happened here. The climax is fantastic and possibly one of
the best ever put to film. I wont spoil it for anyone who hasn't
watched it but I can assure you it is awesome. I wasn't too impressed
by the ending because I predicted it but if you were, I wont take that
away from you. It's a good ending I just saw it coming.Schwarzenegger is cold, calculating and ruthless. I love it. The
Terminator is one of the greatest antagonists in movie history and
nothing can take that title away from him. The fact that he is
relentless is terrifying and Schwarzenegger really sells that side of
the character. Truly a masterclass of character creation.Linda Hamilton was great as Sarah Connor and I really bought her arc
from the beginning of the movie to the end. She starts as a bumbling
waitress with a lot to live up to but slowly evolves into that legend
and that is mostly down to Hamilton's awesome performance. She was the
80s Ripley. That is probably the best way of putting it.Michael Biehn was surprisingly great as Kyle Reese. The point of his
character was primarily to deliver exposition to the audience which
isn't exactly great character work but aside from that he's an
interesting human being that has a fascinating background that isn't
really explained but is clear through Biehn's brilliant performance.Technically speaking, this is a very well done movie. Aside from one
messy semi-action sequence in the middle, I was very pleased with how
the movie was shot and edited. The lighting is fantastic. Costume
design is great. Set design is fantastic. The visual effects in this
movie are mind-blowing and all effects used on The Terminator should be
retroactively awarded an Oscar.It is also one of the most quotable movies in history. 'Come with me if
you want to live' and 'I'll be back' are arguably two of the greatest
lines of dialogue ever uttered on screen. The quote 'Listen, and
understand. That terminator is out there, it cant be bargained with, it
cant be reasoned with, it doesn't feel pity or remorse or fear, and it
absolutely will not stop...EVER, until you are dead!' is one of my
favourite lines of dialogue in film history and is truly the definition
of perfection. It gives me chills whenever I hear it and is a work of
art as far as writing goes.Brad Fiedel's score for this movie is awesome and I absolutely treasure
the score that signals impending doom from The Terminator. It is
fantastic and I cannot praise that score any more. It is brilliant and
I absolutely adore it.The action is awesome in this movie. The car chase scene, the police
station sequence, the masterpiece that is the climax; these are all
truly great scenes that elevate this movie above the rest. They lack
the fun aspect that most other action movie's possess but that doesn't
make it any less awesome.I cannot recommend this movie enough. Comparing the tone of this review
and the rating may imply that my rating was too harsh but the flaws I
mentioned earlier on are my only genuine flaws with this movie. I
cannot flaw this movie any more and it is truly excellent. I highly
recommend you see this movie. I'll rate it 8 'I'LL BE BACKS' out of 10.
			
Glorified original movie, with color and energy, adrenaline racing,
this '84 blockbuster was, where all actors were at the top of their,
Arnie of course, most of all, where Biehn is great as the guy, sent
back in time to save Sarah Connor (Hamilton) from termination, by our
favorite robot/terminator. See, she's gonna have a baby, that'll grow
up and lead the resistance, against bad forces and Armageddon. This is
a cool fast moving flick from start to finish, and never lacks, or
loses grip of it's story. It's script has a beautiful flow, of great
action and unforgettable scenes that will stay implanted in your mind
forever. Going to see this as a teen, was one of the greatest movie
experiences I had. It's wonderfully shot, every scene , and for people
who want to see Arnie at the top his game in the acting circuit, this
is the flick to see. Must see entertainment and a bucket list movie.
Jot it down, before you leave this world. The heart pounding score is
fantastic in this, just adding it's frightening ride.
			
I had only seen Avatar and Titanic when I, watching TV found True Lies.
It was a great spy film and I enjoyed it. The next day I watched
Titanic, as excellent as ever. Then I thought about watching other
James Cameron films. He s definitely a genius and while waiting for Avatar 2, I watched The
Terminator, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. The basic idea of the film
is that in the future most of humanity has been wiped out by machines.
A brave man named John leads the human resistance against the machines.
Machines are nearly wiped out, when they send the Terminator, an almost
unstoppable cyborg back in time with one goal:murder Sarah , the future
mother of John. By doing so, humans would already be wiped out.
However, a human called Kyle Reese is also transported back in time to
save Sarah. The film is great and I enjoyed it.
			
Some may say, "come on, you're kidding", but the truth is, aside from
time travel, everything this movie predicted is coming true
technology-wise. Robots, AI, drones, the internet, etc.
Skynet...Google? It could actually happen.That, aside from Arnold and its totally solid plot and action, is why
this movie and (some of) its sequels became so successful. It is almost
entirely possible that this could happen. Having watched a lot of sci-fi, I can't think of anything else that
predicted this accurately what kinds of technology would be developed
in the future. Aside from that, the movie is kind of a standard thriller with a killer
on the loose, but it's done very well. The budget may have been a
little bit thin, but the premise and execution by James Cameron are
excellent. This is his best movie, before he got pretentious.
			
We, humans, have imagined for centuries who the world would be in the
future. This is one of the most usual setting for science fiction and
the most common of that variety is the post-apocalyptic future, in
which all things more or less goes to hell and humans have to survive
in the wreckage of our fallen civilization. Now there have been many
interpretations of that kid over the years in books, television series,
comic books and most prominently in films. Now Terminator isn't the first science fiction film in a post
apocalyptic world, far from it there have been dozens of them with some
of the most well known up to its opening in 1984 be Logan's Run, Silent
Running, Soylent Green, Blade Runner and Time Machine (1960). So what
made to stand out of the crown?First it is the story ,which goes like this, in the future machines
have rise up and we are in a war against them for survivor and
dominance of the planet. During it Machines send back in time a robot,
made to look like a human, a Terminator in order to kill Sarah Connor
the mother of the leader of the resistance Jon, before she gives birth
to him. For that the Resistance send also a human back to the same date
in order to prevent the robot from its goal!The story was one of the most original at the time for it made a
revolutionary change to the Post Apocalypse: use time travel as a
weapon, back in 1984 this idea was ground breaking for none have though
up to that point "Why not kill the future at its root?. One other thing
that was added was hardcore action in the mix and the result was so
successful that after this flick many movies and comic books were
written using this style, with 12 Monkeys and X-men Days of Future Past
been just two examples.In short the movie rocks, the action rocks , the effects are awesome
,apart from one scene and I think that was the first movie to make the
Predestination Paradox famous. Also the fact that from 1984 and beyond
robot killing machine look much more threatening doesn't hurt either
for before 1984 all robot looked like radios on legs!If you haven't seen it ,do it and if you believe that Terminator
Genisys was a shame to the Terminator Logo ,we are on the same side!!
			
The Terminator is considered a breakthrough among the movies of its
gender and it's undeniable that James Cameron has changed how the
action movies were made with this film. The apprehension, the awareness
as the terminator is getting closer to his objective, is really
exciting and as the movie goes on, it only gets better. The visual
effects, particularly the makeup used in Arnold Schwarzenegger to
reveal some parts of the robotic skeleton beneath the human-tissue, are
surprisingly good. The CGI, even being from the 80's so you can rapidly
notice when the chroma key is being used, are fine and work very fine
to me.Arnold Schwarzenegger as the terminator was really good, his gestures
interpreting a robot managed to portray something without feelings
through the lack of changes in facial expression regardless of what is
happening, who has a single purpose and will not stop until achieve it.
One of his iconic lines is firstly said in this movie. Linda Hamilton
and Michael Biehn succeeded in making a remarkable performance that
until now they have influence in the others who portray these
characters in more recent movies. One aspect to be noticed is the
stalking feeling, fear and powerlessness which Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton) and Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) feel around them, having an
almost indestructible creature looking for them.
			
This is the first successful debut of Cameron as director. And he did
it really nice. I am personally a man of movie taste, that really likes
originality as the basic aspect. In this year (2010's), however, there
are so many copycats in cinema. The rebirth of idea, is so rotten, that
even the visual-effects is brand-new, the story is unpleasantly same. I
just can't watch movie like that. Fortunately, I've found the era of
idea treasure, it was in 1980's, the new beginning of action and
science fiction. "The Terminator", is one of the first notable movie
that defines its decade. It is somehow full of explosion, but still pay
attention in its screenplay. Yeah, I know that the acting is not that
good, but just be honest, the robot's acting, good or bad it is always
the same. Don't mind the acting from the robot character, at least for
this movie. A little awkward act don't break the entire movie, but
there are other reasons that make it worth eight out of ten. My general
statement for this film is astonishingly creative from the screenplay
until the editing, mind the acting.Usually, it's hard to make something new even in the movie, and it is
harder to be accepted by the general audience. But, I think it is just
came at the exact time. From the time-line of cinema we know that "Star
Wars" and "Alien" have started the trend of science fiction in the late
1970's. But, the firework of this genre is begin in 1980's, when there
are so many "scientific" creature that starred the movie. From robot,
UFO, alien, etc. So do the action-genre, it also began in 1980's,
"Raiders of The Lost Ark" hit the movie-lovers with not so familiar
genre. It can be concluded that "The Terminator" came at the right
time. When the hype of all the trend is high, it released as one of the
science fiction node. Just think, everyone, no matter who, must have
been heard about this movie. It's just another effect of the trend.
Even until now, they keep airing this movie over and over. Just for
introduce the original-sequel of epic fiction.Let's talk about the movie itself. Don't worry, it's still human
enough. Of all, the science fiction aspect I just love the future-
fairy-tale spoken by future human. And, the unaccepted story by the
nowadays human, that's all I mean in that movie. The feeling of being
alone in the world, trapped in another world that nobody would care of
you. Yeah, that pain only available in story, or in reality if we truly
experienced it. The action is so incredible, society realizes another
kind of suspense, the fast scene with so many explosion. That's the
modern suspense. With the climax in the end of the movie and obvious
yet unbeatable enemy, just other classic aspects of "The Terminator".
In fact, it's the Cameron style to provide such a splendid cinema
experience, that I think everyone would sit and watch until the movie
is ended. Brilliant directing skill in middle era of cinema.Nevertheless, it is the birth of machine-fiction. I just admire the
very idea, combined with technical aspects, this movie is nothing but
pleasantly-sharp.
			
James Cameron's The Terminator is an excellent of a start to an epic
sci-fi saga. The Terminator is Cameron's first major film, and he
couldn't of done any better. The Terminator is an all-around better
sci-fi action film equipped with great direction, brilliant
storytelling, and high caliber acting from Linda Hamilton, Michael
Biehn, and, of course, Arnold. Arnold. Arnold. That's right, use your
Austrian accent. Arnold. I love, Arnold. Arnold, Schwarzenegger was the
strongest selection on planet Earth to become the Terminator. Arnold is
the Terminator. The Terminator launches Schwarzenegger's career into
unprecedented superstardom. The Terminator is Schwarzenegger's most
iconic role. "I'll be back." Linda Hamilton, too, is literally the best
woman in the world to be Sarah Conner. She was born to play Sarah, and
she has earned it. Michael Biehn has the star strength of a soldier.
Biehn's tough to replace as Kyle Reese, the man sent back in time 50
years from the future on a succeed at all costs mission to protect
Sarah Connor, the mother of her unborn child, John Connor, who is the
leader of the human resistance against the machines far into the
future, and yep, you guessed it, the machines sent back Arnold the
Terminator to Sarah Connor's time to hunt her and kill her. The
Terminator has a timeless battle of resourceful human soldier, Kyle
Reese, vs. unstoppable killing machine, the Terminator. The Terminator
has an innovative and groundbreaking story for its time. The Terminator
is high conceptual cinema that's powerfully dramatic and happens to be
a bit scary at times. Bill Paxton plays his role for the time making
for more classic Cameron. One thing that really makes the Terminator
special, that you wouldn't have known at the time, is that its sequel,
Terminator 2: Judgment Day, is one of the all-time 50 best movies, and
easily in the conversation of being the best sci-fi fantasy adventure,
along with a few other Cameron greats, like Avatar, Aliens and The
Abyss. T2 improves in all the right areas where T1 is minorly lacking.
The Terminator very much feels like one extended and incomplete
preview, yet, outstanding outing of the soon to be conceived and
released, T2. I love The Terminator story, and I'm a big fan of all of
the Terminator movies, especially T2. Arnold. "I'll be back."
			
In the post apocalyptic future of 2029, a war is being fought, a war
between humans and the machines. With time running out for the machines
they send back into the past one of its most devastating killers, a
cyborg posed to look like a human, the Terminator. It has been sent to
eliminate Sarah Connor, matriarch to the leader of the human
resistance, but the resistance has managed to send back a protector for
Sarah. Only time will tell who will reach her first....A fantastic action movie, original in concept and one of Arnold's most
iconic roles. The Terminator is fast paced, expertly directed which
will entice and suck the viewer in from the first five mins of the
film. This film I believe was what launched Arnold into movie stardom
as well as Cameron who would both see continued success after this
film. The Terminator was far from done as this film would spawn 3
sequels and an eventual fourth in years to come from now. An instant
fan favorite, everything about this film is done right, the effects
though aged were top notch of the time of its release, the action still
gritty and in your face. The story though clichd at certain instances,
still has enough originality to make it special and something more than
a simple action movie. The score fits perfectly within the mold of the
film. The Terminator is a must see for film buffs as it is now
considered a classic among the action film genre.
			
I have seen the sequel more times that I can remember, and still love
it, but I felt that I should return to the original and have a look at
what that movie is like. I remember the first time I saw The Terminator
- I was in high school and it was the grossest movie that I had ever
seen. I say that because there is a scene where Arnie cuts open his arm
and pops out his eye.The Terminator was little more that a B-grade horror movie with a
sci-fi bent, but its popularity meant that a sequel was made which
became a block-buster action movie. I will try not the mention the
sequel as this is the movie that made it possible, and in some ways it
is better. As an action movie, Terminator II rocks, but it is basically
a remake of the first movie as the themes are very much the same.Linda Hamilton is a happy young Sarah Conner who works at a fast-food
restaurant and generally leads a pleasant life. Everything changes when
some guy begins executing all of the Sarah Conner's in Los Angeles, and
when she is about to be executed as well, her saviour Kyle Reese leaps
out and saves her. Both are then chased around Los Angeles by an
unmercilous killing machine before Sarah manages to crush it in a
factory, though Reese has died in the process. During this time, Reese
sleeps with Conner and conceives John Conner, the guy who leads the
humans to victory in a war against the robots.A lot of the things that I can say about this movie I have said in
Terminator II because the themes are basically the same. It is a movie
about how a life is saved through the death of another - Kyle Reese. It
is about something that cannot be stopped, but it is stopped after
Reese dies. I guess we know that Reese must die because he is in a
place that is not his home, and he can never return. Okay, he loves
Conner, but Los Angeles 1984 is not his home, and he cannot live here.There is no struggle with this as the focus is more on the horror of
having something after you that you cannot stop. It seems to reflect
the horror of death - something that comes after us that we cannot
stop. The only reason that Conner survived is that Reese, a
battle-trained soldier, was sent back to save her. The only way we can
flee the uncertainty of death, is to trust in Jesus, who was sent to
save us. In a way this movie seems to reflect this.The last thing that I must say about this movie is that it contains one
of Hollywood's famous lines, and it is the line that made the movie -
I'll be back - says Arnold Schwarzenegger to a desk sergeant before he
drives a car through the door of the police station and shoots the
place up. The fact that the Terminator droid is able to walk through a
heavily armed police station and come out without a scratch simply
shows how strong it is. Even then, Kyle is able to put a home-made bomb
into his skeletal frame and blow it to bits.
			
The Terminator is a great film. Pretty much everything about it is just
fantastic. Even though he hardly has any lines Arnold Schwarzzeneggar
does a great job playing the terminator. In fact all of the acting in
this movie is good. So that sums up the acting. Now the story of this
film is what makes it and the whole franchise so great. The story is
extremely complex and gets even more complex as the series goes on and
Judgement Day is introduced. S this is the story. Skynet, the creator
of the terminators (the machines) sent back a T-800 terminator to kill
Sarah Conner. The resistance sent back Kyle Reese to protect her. Last,
the special effects. Well this movie was made in 1984, so the effects
are something that you would expect from a movie made in that time. So
overall this is a great movie, and the start to great franchise. I
definitely recommend it.OVERALL 8.2/10
			
James Cameron's first full stint as a director, and Arnold
Schwarzenegger's first time in his most famous role, is still
definitely a worthwhile watch, though not without its flaws. Thanks to
its cinematography and particularly good soundtrack, this movie has a
great atmosphere, dark and frightening and not for the faint-hearted.
The action scenes are good for the 1980s at least, but some of the
special effects for the Terminator look a bit dated these days: for
example, in one scene, the use of an obvious animatronic head that
doesn't even really look like Arnold.While it's occasionally slow, the story is well-written and generally
gripping, backed up well by the actors: Michael Biehn and Linda
Hamilton are excellent as the human heroes, but of course it's Arnold
who steals the show as the Terminator, bringing real menace to it
simply by his presence and expressions, since he doesn't have much
dialogue in this film.The Terminator is definitely a film to check out - and if you enjoy it,
make sure you find time for the sequel too.
			
Sarah Connor is a young woman living in Los Angeles who is suddenly
attacked by a mysterious man who seems to be impervious to bullets.
Sarah is rescued by Kyle Reese, a soldier from the future who explains
that she is being pursued by a Terminator, a cyborg assassin who will
stop at nothing until it kills her This gripping, eye-popping, fast paced action/sci-fi hybrid is one of
the best thrillers of the eighties, with one of the most memorable
villains in all cinema. It's a terrific story which slam-dunks the
bewildered heroine into the middle of a fight for survival against a
backdrop of nuclear apocalypse. Like all the best suspense pictures, it
follows a straight minimalist route; Reese sets the action with a
brilliant speech, "Listen, and understand. That Terminator is out
there. It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It
doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not
stop, ever, until you are dead !". As this fearsome assassin, Big Arnie
is simply perfect casting - his best role by a long chalk which suits
his looks, his acting chops, everything. He cruises the city, a mean
machine stalking his prey, and is a truly frightful fiend. Hamilton and
Biehn are equally good; she is vulnerable and scared but not stupid and
their resolve to outwit and survive near-impossible odds give the film
a real dramatic core. The support cast are a lot of fun; Winfield and
Henriksen do a nice Mutt and Jeff cop routine which is welcome light
relief and there are funny bits by Miller as a gun shop clerk and
Paxton as a street punk. The movie also has a terrific neo-noir
atmosphere, thanks to Adam Greenberg's photography of L.A. at night,
punctuated by hellish futuristic visions of irradiated rubble patrolled
by nightmarish machines. Brad Fiedel's score, whilst occasionally a bit
cheesy, has a great main theme and pumps everything along with pounding
electronic percussion. The movie was written by Cameron and producer
Gale Anne Hurd, and fans cite it as a pioneering story of time travel
and machine dystopia, although in practice it has many antecedents -
sci-fi author Harlan Ellison sued the film for it similarities to his
1957 short story Soldier From Tomorrow, but there are also very similar
Dr Who yarns, not to mention the last half-hour of Michael Crichton's
Westworld. All of this doesn't matter however - what the film has going
for it is good characterisation, fabulous direction, and a great Bad
Man. Produced by Helmdale Films, who made some great flicks in the late
eighties (Salvador, A Breed Apart, Miracle Mile), it was made on a
pretty tight six-million budget but it looks ten times that and is
sensational entertainment from start to finish.
			

i saw this when i was about 9 years old. It was the film which you tell
your
friends you've seen, so they would think you were cool.Complex plotting and some stellar action sequences make this a classic of
the sci-fi genre. And no matter how cheap the effect look today, it still
carries the same effect it did all those years ago. Although these days,
seeing a character gun down cops by the dozen, isn't as shocking as i'm
sure
it would've been when this movie came out to the public. It shocks in more
ways too, probably seen as a very daring film in it's day.Arnie does his best when he doesn't have to speak so much. Very cool in
his
black leather jacket, riding his motorcycle, he is as menacing as they
come.
Linda hamilton plays the helpless victim well and michael biehn fits the
role of the hero comfortably.
Dialogue may not be great, but the story is intact and tight enough to get
the tension buzzing. Which it does superbly.
Great film, strangely becomes cooler with age.
			

***MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD***There's been so much written on the subject of The Terminator, it's
difficult to add anything new to the debate.I'm pretty sure that James Cameron stole the plot and premise of this film
directly from my nightmares as a small child.  The faceless, huge,
unceasing, single-minded, ever-closing thing that used to chase me round
my
dreams is here on the big screen and he's Arnie.  That is all this film
is.
A classic nightmare, the Jungian ogre archetype made celluloid.James Cameron has distilled this primal fear perfectly for the screen, the
pacing is exquisite.  Even as the credits roll you still expect the
Terminator to somehow resurrect itself once more and continue its
relentless
pursuit.  It has everything that a good horror flick should have,
anticipation, genuine fear and timing.  The special effects don't have to
be
good when you've got film-making as good as this.This film can be seen as the apprentice piece of James Cameron, the first
to
spotlight his dark and dystopian future visions best summed up in the name
of the nightclub in The Terminator; 'Tech Noir'.  This territory is
revisited in Aliens, Strange Days, and latterly, Dark Angel. This universe
has been inhabited by Ridley Scott among others and perhaps owes something
to the Cold War and the nagging fear of nuclear conflict that ran through
the 70's and 80's.This film is renowned as being very violent.  It is, however, one of few
films where the violence is totally justified by the plot.A must see for anyone who likes film.
			

You won't find computer-generated special effects or well-crafted dialogue
here (besides some very recognizable one-liners that have gone down in
movie
lore), yet "The Terminator" has become somewhat of a cult classic in recent
years, and deservedly so.  It's the story that really carries this film
from
start to finish, expertly plotted by James Cameron long before his
"titanic," SFX-driven films later in his illustrious career.
Schwarzenegger
is perfect in the role of the cold-blooded killer from the future, as is
Linda Hamilton of "Beauty and the Beast" (the TV series) fame, who is
transformed from a cowering waitress into a sneering foot-soldier by the
film's end -- a "legend" in Kyle Reese's (Michael Biehn's) eyes.  8/10.

			

This is truly a great film, which of course is always somehow compared
with
part two, just as part two is always compared to this one. Sure this one
has
it's advantages over the second one, but it also is a bit worse at times.
But those times are not as frequent or as important as the many times it
has
advantages over the second installment, because everything that is worse
in
this film, over the second one has to do with special effects. Now listen
closely, the effects are not bad, they are as good as they were in 1984,
but
they just are not as good as the effects in 1991 and that is it. Regarding
the rest of the film, it sure as hell is somewhat better than the sequel.
First of all, everything in this film is more original and fresh (because
it
is a first of course), but not only that. One thing I like a bit more in
this film, is that it is darker you know, more mechanic and inhuman. You
really get a sense here of the fact that you are dealing with an
emotionless
machine. All this dark sphere that is created must be ascribed mainly to
James Cameron and Arnold Schwarzenegger. James Cameron, of course for his
vision and execution of the way he felt the music and the sets had to be
and
Schwarzenegger for his good performance. I know that many people may well
argue about my last statement: 'Good performance, Schwarzenegger can't
play
CRAP!' Well in terms of great character roles or dramatic ones this might
all be very true, but in this film Schwarzenegger captured everything his
character was about perfectly. You might say he didn't have to act at all.
But you go ahead, try to pass as a machine in a movie, kill emotionless,
walk static, look grim, speak slowly and well 'machinery' (cut off). All
of
this enables the viewer to totally believe that he is indeed a
machine.The other actors here are not to be forgotten either, Kyle Reese and Sarah
Connor are also very well characterized by Michael Biehn and Linda
Hamilton
respectively. I mean they very believable and they have a good chemistry
in
the film. They are also the characters seen in the best parts of the film
(not the coolest, that's what Schwarzenegger is for). My favorite scenes
in
this movie certainly are the 'intimate scene' and the 1st 2029 A.D. scene
with the epilogue at the beginning. All in all I must say that this is a
masterpiece of cinema and a must see for everyone who love
movies.8 out of 10
			

OK, it's a classic, but few would argue that it's aged well. The effects,
particularly at the climax, now leave a lot to be desired, (and in
hindsight, so does the acting).Still, it's the interesting (if far-fetched) plot that drives the film, and
the fact that the Terminator itself is one of the greatest screen baddies
ever. For the few who have never seen the film, it won't be giving the game
away to say that the titular bad guy takes some finishing off, coming back
from the dead time and time again in an inventive showdown in a factory.
That's because this is one of those films that has inspired countless clones
and homages. The inferior sequel, suffering from a crippling lack of
imagination, doesn't even come close to capturing the menace of an
unstoppable killing machine, even though Robert Patrick gave the T-1000 a
look and feel all its own.The prospect of a third film is quite depressing. I'd prefer to see a remake
of this, or a Star-Wars style update with updated fx.

			
I was fortunate enough to see a new digital print of this film with a
new Dolby soundtrack. The new sound rocks and is a major improvement
over the Mono from before.I'm not a big fan of Cameron as a director though. There are no huge
comparisons between the terrifying Dark Future LA and the 1984 LA. As
most scenes are shot at night in derelict parts of town the whole films
looks miserable. It can also be so VERY, VERY 80's. Take a gander at
the clothing and the music. The Technoir scene is a great example. Arnie is super-cool as the emotionless cyborg who just blows everyone
away WITHOUT grinning at the camera. Michael Beihn makes for a good
hero and Linda Hamilton is just as good as Sarah Connor. But she became
really annoying in the sequel. It's a shame Lance Henrikson isn't in it
for long and Dick Miller has an amusing cameo.It is quite scary in parts too. The steel exo-skeleton of the
Terminator is not the kind of bad guy I'd wanna go up against and the
visions of the robot war is rather ugly. Especially when we see the
wheel crush up all the human skulls. Although it is quite unlikely that
skulls would be piled up like that. Where are the rest of the bones?The Terminator theme is very cool but the rest of Brad Fiedel's score
is absolutely terrible. It's nothing but inaudible noise. The same
applies for T2 and his score for True Lies. Has anyone apart from
Cameron ever employed him?Most of today's sci-fi is junk and quickly forgettable (Forgotten, AvP)
but this has stood the test of time and will do for a long time to
come, regardless of the 80's feel to it. But Cameron made it in 1.85:1, which sucks a film of this size deserves
scope, but I guess he only worked with what he had. The second film,
while not an improvement, is up to the same standard. See the new
version of this movie if you can it's a great improvement over the
older print.
			

I think this is probably the best sci fi movie ever made. Arnold
Scwarzenneger is scary as the terminator trying to kill Sarah Connor(Linda
Hamilton)because her unborn son has great significance in the future to
come!And Kyle (Michael Biehn)is the man set out to protect her. The
chemistry between Sarah and Kyle is very strong. But its really upsetting
when he dies as he was meant to be the father of Sarahs unborn child
John!This is classic entertainment that has a very strong story to it and
will be a film thats never forgotten no matter how old it
is!
			

Although the sequel is more popular, I believe they are about equal. With a
budget of about 6.5 million, James Cameron created a non-stop thrill ride
that still beats some action movies that cost twenty times as much. Arnold
was born to play the role of The Terminator, one of the most famous
villians
in movie history. Biehn is good as the hero. Why he never became more
famous
is beyond me. 
			

This film was in the beginning supposed to be a b-movie with a killer
machine from the future. What cameron did not know was that this film was
going to history. The terminator which is chasing Sarah Connor ended up in
a
fantastic movie that almost everybody knows about. It is not so much
acting
from arnolds side but this is still a great movie. So its a 9/10 from me.

			

This is defnantley a classic of a movie,and never will be forgotten,people
still brag on about the movie,and still mention the famous "ILL BE BACK"
scene.
The plot is brilliant and very different,its very original,and nothing was
wrong with this film except the sound,it was very shaddy.Otherwise this film
was great,Arnold Shwarzenegger does a very good performance,not to mention
Linda Hamilton.This movie is quiet graphic,but its an attention seeker,and
grabs every bit out of me,i loved this film,and never will get over it.As i
said its top 10 material,definantley in my top 10 list,this movie has great
action scenes,and the story only gets better with TERMINATOR 2,go see that
also.Did you know Terminator 3 is coming out in the year 2002,cant
waaaaaaait!In overall,i think if you didnt watch this film many years ago,your crazy it
was the biggest thing,and still is big.I GIVE THE TERMINATOR 8.5 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF FILM: Great Display/Great Plot/Full Of Suspense/Very
Original.BAD POINTS OF FILM: Shoddy sound.
			

Terminator (1984) is the black diamond of the actionmovies, almost perfect
actionmovie and modern classic. Arnold Schwarzenegger plays 'terminator' who
comes from the future and it is ordered to kill Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton) because of the reasons which will be told in the movie when you
watch it.    Director/writer James Cameron showed before he got sick to his
megalomania that his talents aren't just from a huge budget.8 out of 10. Arnold is OK, Michael Biehn delivers great performance. I'm not
Arnold fan but this time he is OK.

			

Arnold Schwarzenegger as Terminator from future to kill Sarah Connor (Linda
Hamilton). Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) is also from future from human side
to
protect Sarah from terminator. Cause Sarahs unborn child John is going to
lead humans to victory against the terminators in the future.
			

This is one of my favourite films. I've watched it so many times... I
still
prefer T2, though. But this film is certainly one of the most original
action films ever made. It's intense, exciting, full of suspense and the
action scenes actually don't bore me. [*Possible* spoiler follows.] And I
love the little love story between Reese and Sarah Connor. It is so cute
in
a very innocent way since Reese actually has loved Sarah for all those
years
because of a photo just like a fourteen year old girl thinks she loves
Brad
Pitt.Brilliant action flick. 8/10
			

A good film to watch every now and then to see how a film made with a
miniscule amount of money can end up looking like a big-budget extravaganza.
It was the film that made Arnold Schwarzenegger famous, and also put ace
director James Cameron on the map. It is surprisingly fresh to watch 15
years later, and most notable are some good effects, and excellent
stop-motion animation that must have required a heck of a lot of work.
However, it is obvious that this film alludes to many other
works. 
			
Every bit as relentless and single-minded as the latest Mad Max
instalment  and possessing a similar number of car chases  The
Terminator was the 1984 calling card of both James Cameron and Arnold
Schwarzenegger. Sure, the latter had a couple of lousy Conan films
under his belt, but here was a role that would make him a star and give
cinema an antihero every bit as iconic as Hannibal or Joker.The story is fantastically simple. In the future, machines take over,
exterminating humanity from the post-nuclear wasteland. The human
resistance is led by a man named John Connor. The machines send a
"Terminator" unit (Arnie himself) back through time to kill John's
mother, Sarah (Linda Hamilton). Meanwhile, the humans send a protector,
Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn). The chase begins.Imagine knowing nothing about this world. Imagine the shock of seeing
Arnie laid low with a shotgun, only to rise time and time again. For
the first third of the movie, beyond a title card, precious little is
explained. All we're seeing is a woman stalked by two moody men. The
idea for The Terminator was apparently born of a fever-dream, and with
its flashback-forward structure and descending darkness it is drenched
in sweaty helplessness.It's also a masterclass in efficiency and visual storytelling. When it
comes to filling in the backstory (here, a future-story), Cameron
expertly brings convincing emotional weight to his exposition scenes.
Reese is the emotive counterpoint to the dead-cold 101: his mission is
driven by love. Not some cheesy, possessive love; Reece carries with
him the hope of humanity. He loves John Connor (whom, intriguingly, we
never see), so how can he not hold a near-biblical reverence for the
mythic mother? Before Judgment Day gave us the powerful and handsome
activist, the 1984 origin shows us the gentle, pretty Sarah. (Emilia
Clarke has her eyes.) Yet her ascent to soldier is entirely believable
given the unbelievable events swirling around her. Sarah is no damsel
in distress; she's a warrior waiting for the right distress to unleash
her potential.The poodle-perms and mecha-synth music will either be seen as dating
the film, or delivering pleasing period delights, depending on your
viewpoint. But what will never date is the film's brutal purity. As we
gaze at the poster for Genisys, with Arnie and Sarah pressed together
in unity, let's not forget how scary and thrilling it was to see her
terrorised... and then turn around and terminate his metal ass.
			
Surprisingly well-made and memorable sci-fi action pic, helped
immensely by the effective clean-cut storyline, Cameron's muscular
direction, a haunting atmosphere and well-staged scenes of violence and
destruction.And the role of a tight-lipped killer cyborg from the future suits
Arnold's acting abilities to a T.Definitely superior to the much higher budgeted overblown sequel.A minor genre classic... and one of the very few really good Arnie
vehicles.8 out of 10 belly-bursting fist moves
			
The Terminator, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, and
Michael Biehn, is about a dark future of Earth that leads to a battle
in present day. How can this be? Simply, in 2029 time travel will be
possible.The mission for the Terminator is simple: kill Sarah Connor. Destroy
anything or anyone that tries to prevent this from happening.The mission for Kyle Reese isn't so simple: locate Sarah Connor and
prevent her from being destroyed by the Terminator.The movie does quite a nice job of explaining many details. You learn
quite a bit about all of the basics of the future war, how the machines
come to power, primarily when Reese explains all of this to Connor.It's a fairly simple plot and isn't difficult to understand. This is
acceptable, because it's an action movie and doesn't really need much
explanation. Of course, as an action movie this movie definitely
delivers, with some very detailed and gory scenes. A few examples are
the Terminator punching through someone and pulling his arm out, the
killing of 30 law officers in a police station, and point blank
assassinations of Sarah Connors. The movie can be very creepy as well,
so there is some potential scare factor as well.As of this writing, The Terminator does show a few signs of aging. The
music is very 80s with a lot of synthesizers. There's the typical big
80's hair. A lot of the props are date-able as well, such as the cars.This really can be overlooked though, because end to end this action
flick is spectacular.8/10
			
Storytelling usually deals with extremes. Either the situation is very
bad or very good. I guess that is because the mainstream is too
everyday and as a result too dull. Well here is a VERY BAD SITUATION.Sarah Conner will give birth to a boy who will eventually save people
from machines who have caused nuclear war and killed most of mankind.
The machines send a Terminator back through time to kill the child
before he's born. John Conner sends one of his trusted soldiers to stop
the Terminator. What results is an eerie and very thought provoking
look at the future and humanities current course.Unlike most thrillers, this one has a lot of thought behind it and has
very little Hollywood cheesiness. Also it established one of today's
biggest stars. Basically, any film buff should definitely check it out.
8/10
			

Arnold does a great job in this movie and so Do the supporting actors. This
movie has a great plot and is one of the few Sci-Fi movies I really dig.
This movie has action, love, suspense, and thrills all balled up into one
Terminator Movie. You cant go wrong with this movie. The only thing I didnt
like is the Special Effects. I am positive they were advanced for the 80's
but as I watch them now I can tell how fake they are. Great movie
still.
			

This was the first time I had seen the original Terminator. While now it
seems like it's going to be logistical nightmare it is definitely a film
that leaves itself open for a sequel and eventually a third film.	We open with a very 80s fantasy set with spaceships flying shooting lasers
at each other and then this huge tank steamrolling over skulls. The
background is all blue with nothing distinguishing that it's the sky at all.	We then get a title insert giving us some back-story and/or fore-story
telling us of the battle that lead to the world's destroyed state in 2028
and how in the present the true battle will be fought. It was truly a
challenge to remember that much such that I could write it down because I
hate any of those inserts at the beginning unless their purpose is comedic.
I feel that when you're dealing with a visual medium and you have a lot of
writing on the screen at the beginning you shouldn't expect anyone to
remember it, the exception being those people who went to see Star Wars 55
times as compared to my zero.
	For the first forty minutes of the film it seems as if we're watching two
characters making identical moves and are left to wonder if the script was
written as half a script copied over with only the names being changed.
However, slowly we find out that the Schwarzenegger character is the
Terminator and the other person, Reese, who traveled through time, which is
also very clouded at the beginning, are working in opposite
purposes.
	What was set up by Cameron and Hurd in the beginning is a very interesting
misinterpretation of facts. We see the police one deputy played by Lance
Henriksen (Pumpkinhead) and the chief who just happens to be
African-American (but I'll address that later) about two Sarah Connor's who
had been killed. We also witness our main Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) see
the TV news bulletin about the first murder which her friends find humorous
and see her stunned reaction to the second and see her sitting around in
fear this section was probably the best part of her inconsistent
performance.
	As a director Cameron didn't seem to be very interested in creating too
many intricate frames. There were a few shown during the war scenes where
there was a lot of wreckage used as an obstruction and there was also some
good framing in the parking garage with the use of wide angle shots. The
focus seemed to be on lighting and using the color blue. There are scenes
were everything is tinted blue. There also was a lot of use of floodlighting
along with mist, fog, smoke and any effect of that sort they could find.
This left the color palate was very muted and this lent itself to the somber
tone that Cameron was attempting to create in the chases and stalking scenes
also when Reese and Sarah were under the bridge for the night.	Story wise, however, there are some very good foreshadowing touches added.
One being a waitress friend of Sarah's saying "In a hundred years who's
gonna care." Where the essence of this film is examining how through time
travel these people are attempting to secure the future both looking for
drastically different results. Before Sarah ever sees Reese one of her
friends is wearing a Jetson's shirt, small yes but any number of shirts
could have been chosen and the filmmakers decided to drop some
hints.
	Character-wise there is but one character who is worth talking about and
that is the Terminator. Schwarzenegger's character is one who is symbolic of
what humanity would become of we became overly dependent on
computers/machines in that the Terminator itself is a machine with flesh.
The Terminator is a film that was released in 1984 the year of Orwell's
famous novel took place in and it was also a year where computer was still
very new and misunderstood and the concept of Big Brother was still very
alive. We see Reese has been branded with a bar code which seems to be both
an attack on consumerism and Nazism by combining them in one symbol. While
this is not the larger issue that the film deals with it most definitely
should be a fact that no Science-Fiction film avoids social commentary in
some way.
	The greatest accomplishment of this film is the way in which the Polaroid
photograph was introduced in the end. It was an image haunting the story and
it seemed to be the one piece of evidence that would prove the veracity of
the whole plot to all those involved as if we weren't already willing to
believe. The great failure of the film, however, is that Reese is the father
of John Connor which was very predictable after they started talking on a
more personal level. His death in 1984 makes up for it a bit but it doesn't
take away the fact that I had that little voice nagging in the back of my
head saying "Don't be John's father! Don't be John's father! Don't be John's
father!" 
In the end Sarah Conner we sympathize with and she does end up being well
drawn out even though when she got 'tough' her dialogue seemed forced and I
think Cameron should have re-written the line to make it more believable.
The only real problem with characters I had were the African-American
characters who all had either walk throughs or supporting roles and seemed
to be taken from the text How to Write a Stereotype.
All in all The Terminator is a very intriguing and provocative
science-fiction film. 

			

This is, without a doubt, Arnie's best film. Other actors can portray other
terminators, it is true-but only he can play THE Terminator! Granted, he's
not the most accomplished actor in the world, but here he makes an imposing
presence as an unstoppable killing machine. This is, of course, the one that
made him a big star.Likewise, it put James Cameron on the map, representing a fresh start after
the universally despised "Piranha 2", which is, as of this writing, unseen
by me, and likely to remain that way for  a long time, which is probably for
the best.It's interesting to notice that "Terminator" cost only $6.4 million, yet
Cameron wound up making the most expensive movie ever made-you know what I'm
talking about! (Otherwise, where have you been the past 100
years?)Putting all that aside, this is sci-fi action in its purest form, never
letting up, moving inexorably to a terrifying conclusion! This grim picture
is deeply permeated with a feel of impending doom. Watching it, you wonder
if the resistance will succeed, or if humanity is destined to be wiped out
by the very machines it built.Rating: ***1/2 (out of ****)108min/Released by Hemdale through Orion Pictures
			
It's hard to review a real classic. What do you say about a movie
that's not just a great piece of entertainment, but is significant in
the history of film? The Terminator tells us the story of Sara Connor (Linda Hamilton), an
ordinary young woman who works as a waitress and lives with a roommate,
who learns she's to give birth to the savior of humanity. That's what
she hears from Reece (Michael Biehn), a soldier sent back from a
post-apocalyptic future where machines and men are at war. Reece was
sent back to protect her from a killer cyborg (Arnold Schwarzenegger)
that also traveled from the future to kill Sara and erase her son from
existence before he could lead Mankind is a successful war against
their mechanical enemies.When you say a movie is about a killer cyborg from the future and a
main character who has to discover her inner hero, that doesn't
necessarily sound like a classic, does it? It sounds just like another
mediocre-at-best sci-fi melodrama, just like a couple dozen other
forgettable B movies made every year that fill up the space between the
really good films at the theater and on cable, another fancy premise
used to tie together a bunch of explosions and special effects. But The
Terminator is sooooo much more than that.Virtually everything in this movie is better than it has any reason to
be. Though it has a clever idea, at its core The Terminator is a fairly
basic adventure story. It's not inherently deep or complex or profound.
There's no real social commentary to it or any examination of essential
human conflicts. It's a chase movie. One with a genuinely clever angle,
but still a chase movie. That sort of film doesn't necessarily demand
superior writing, acting or directing but all of those things are
present in The Terminator.I think the best way to demonstrate how good this movie is, is too
simply take note of the little things done well in this film that you
wouldn't see in lesser works. The casting of Linda Hamilton is one of
those things. For the most important female character in the story,
most films would usually cast an actress a lot more attractive than
Hamilton. She's really only a bit prettier than the other women in the
film and she's really not even as pretty as her co-star, Michael Biehn.
But the story of Sara Connor is about a normal, unexceptional woman
becoming the sort of person who changes human history. If Sara is a
stunning beauty, it undermines the contrast between the ordinary and
the extraordinary.Take a look at the two cops played by Paul Winfield and Lance Henriksen
and the criminal psychologist played by Earl Boen. They're supporting
characters whose purpose is to get the main characters from the first
act into the third act. But even though they're not on screen for every
long or have many lines, the actors make them into people just as real
as Sara or Reece. And those three characters actually have some of the
best and funniest lines of dialog in the whole movie.Consider the character of Reece. He has less than a handful of lines of
dialog in the first third of the film, but we understand more about him
than any other character through his actions and his memories. Or look
at how the film handles the Inevitable Exposition Dump. In this sort of
genre picture, whether it's sci-fi or horror or what have you, there's
always a moment when some character has to explain what's going on to
another character, and by extension to the audience. The Terminator has
one of those scenes, but instead of it happening during a dead space
when the story comes to a stop, most of it occurs in the middle of a
car chase! You can also marvel as the visual sense Cameron brings to the entire
film. From one of the earliest scenes where a naked Arnold
Schwarzenegger stares down at nighttime Los Angeles to the final moment
where Sara Connor drives down a lonely road as a storm approaches,
Cameron is always reaching for something better than what you usually
get from this sort of action flick.The Terminator didn't just help create one of the biggest movie stars
in Hollywood history. It's one of the foundations of the modern sci-fi
action genre. It's one of those films that help you appreciate just how
good movies can be. It's a classic.
			
Gale Anne Hurd and John Cameron really showed how to deliver a whole
lot of movie on a shoestring budget. With a budget so tight that
"bandit" re-shooting of scenes was necessary while evading the local
sheriff, the producer/director team launched Schwarzenegger into his
action career in a way that "Conan" had not quite been able to do.It was a stroke of genius that Arnold insisted on playing not the hero
but the bad robot, sent back from the future to kill the human heroine
who might otherwise have a son who would vanquish the machines one day
in the future. As a result, "The Terminator" had to be changed from a
crowd-blender concept to the Arnold-size concept that "will be back"
with big mayhem and does not try to hide or blend.Linda Hamilton did an incredible job of morphing from pink-dressed
diner waitress to steely woman of action whose progeny must save the
world of the future. Schwarzenegger developed great affects, like the
scanning eyes, to make his character seem less human. And Biehn was a
good hero, although he was in the shadow of his monosyllabic adversary. Some of the special effects have not aged well. Unlike Carpenter in
"The Thing," Cameron could not afford to eliminate stop-motion
sequences from the film entirely. There just was not a budget for large
scale puppetry, the only alternative at the time. Many fans would stone
me for saying this, but The Terminator is a good candidate for CGI-ing
Stan Winston's vision, if it's done right: following the original shots
exactly, without fooling around, while making all motions smooth, and
rubbery prostheses more realistic. The cigarette smoke that was blown
through the crushed exoskeleton in the closing scenes does not need to
be redone!The plot occasionally wanders a bit, and Cameron is not quite as good a
composer as he might think he is, but this film is a true auteur work
at the highest level, hampered to an "8" only by the tiny budget. Hurd
and Cameron were a match made in heaven (and for a while, on Earth).
Action film fans should be grateful to this duo for all eternity.
			
"The machines rose from the ashes of the nuclear fire. Their war to
exterminate mankind had raged for decades, but the final battle would
not be fought in the future. It would be fought here, in our present.
Tonight..." Earth's future is a grim one where the landscape is a wasteland and our
own technology has backfired and created super-intelligent cyborgs and
machines capable of thinking on their own and who've all but taken over
the planet. In fact, by 2027 the world looks like one huge junkyard
where aircraft fire purple and blue lasers into the night sky and large
tanks roll around crushing scrap metal and skulls. The last surviving
humans on the planet are in the midst of a losing war, but find a
savior in John Connor, who will eventually save mankind. Unfortunately,
the machinery have also managed to master the form of time travel and
thus have another trick up their sleeve to prevent John from even
coming into this world.A naked, muscular man (Arnold Schwarzenegger, in his star-making role)
suddenly appears out of nowhere in a flash of lightning somewhere in
Los Angeles, present day. First things first, he needs some clothes and
gets them from a trio of punks after sending his fist all the way
through one of them. Then it's off to pawn shop to load up on shotguns,
Uzis and ammo. No need to pay: just shoot the clerk. From there, a
quick glance at the phone book reveals there are three Sarah Connor's
living in the city and, since this man isn't actually a man at all but
an emotionless humanoid cyborg sent there with one goal in mind, he
gets to work hunting each of the ladies down and exterminating them,
for one is the future mother of John Connor. Appearing somewhere else
in L.A. is Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn); a flesh-and-blood human this
time, and a good guy, who's there to try to prevent the Terminator from
accomplishing his goal.After quickly dispatching the first two Sarah's and numerous other
people who get in the way, the terminator finally manages to track down
the third - and correct - Sarah (Linda Hamilton) in a club at about the
same time as Kyle. Kyle manages to get her out of there in one piece
(can't say the same for many of the other patrons) and from then on out
it's an action-packed, fast-paced pursuit through the city with car
chases, shootouts and explosions aplenty as our heroes try to think of
a way to kill an unstoppable killing machine that seems impervious to
most kinds of conventional weaponry. One of the best sequences is when
the terminator shoots up dozens of cops at a police station, which also
happens to contain the famous line "I'll be back." Seeing this movie
first as a kid in the late 80s and now again as an adult, I can say
it's held up well over the years thanks to strong storytelling and
despite any advances in fx technology.Made on a budget of just 6.4 million dollars, the film became one of
the year's surprise hits; grossing 38 million in the U.S. alone (nearly
80 million worldwide). Though that doesn't seem like a whole lot
nowadays, the film's reputation grew throughout the decade and by the
time Cameron returned with T2 in 1991, the budget had skyrocketed to
100+ million and the film grossed double that, making it the #1 box
office draw of its year. TERMINATOR 3: RISE OF THE MACHINES (2003)
boasted a price tag somewhere between 170 and 200 million dollars and
did better overseas than in the U.S. Ditto for the Schwarzenegger-free,
200-million-budgeted TERMINATOR SALVATION (2009). There was also the TV
series "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles," which lasted two
seasons, and an upcoming fifth film in the franchise is coming in 2015.Because the screenplay shared numerous ideas from several Harlan
Ellison stories, the author ended up suing. It was settled out of court
and Ellison received a special thanks acknowledgment in the end
credits.
			
This is an action movie. The war of the human being vs. the robot
happens. The reader of the human is John. The robot sees their defeat.
Therefor the robot sends Terminator at the past to kill John's mother.
John knew that and he sends a man to protect his mother too.This is really popular movie. I like this movie too. I like character.
Especially I like Terminator. He is so cool. Arnold Schwarzenegger acts
Terminator. He is popular actor, and his acting is wonderful. This
movie is full of spectacular battle scene, and they are powerful.
Therefor I was excited so much. The ending is good, however it is a
little sad.This is wonderful action movie and I think this is almost love story.
It made me so excited. If you like action movie, I recommend you to
watch it. I think that this movie will make you excited.
			
The Terminator is a classic! Yes, I said a classic. Of the four movies
so far this is my third favorite, behind the third and fourth movies.The graphics are just what you would expect from a movie that was made
in the early 1980's. At the time the graphics were state of the art.
However, today they are antiquated, which makes this a classic.The story was unique. Before 1984 there were scripts and plots that had
robot that looked robotic, or monsters that looked like monsters. In
1984, James Cameron gave us The Terminator, a machine that can't be
"bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or
remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are
dead."The script revolves around Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) who is the
mother of John Connor, a future leader who fights and eventually
defeats Skynet. Skynet developed technology to travel back in time in
the hopes of killing Sarah Connor to prevent John Connor's birth. The
human resistance sends Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) to save Sarah Connor
and stop, if possible, the Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger).As always I will list my three favorite scenes. As this movie has been
around for nearly 30 years I have no issue in including any scene from
the beginning to the end.The first scene I liked was when Sarah is in the nightclub waiting for
the cops. She is being followed by Reese and the Terminator. When the
Terminator walks by the table Sarah happens to drop something on the
floor and bends over to pick it up. The Terminator eventually sees
Sarah and moves in for the kill, but Reese intervenes.The second scene I liked was actually all of the flashback scenes for
Reese. They were flashback scenes for Reese but would be flash-forwards
for us. It gets a little confusing for when you talk about time travel.The third scene I liked was the final scene when Sarah defeats the
Terminator. Reese is killed when he puts a pipe bomb in some of the
Terminators gears. The resulting explosion kills Reese, cripples the
Terminator, and injures Sarah. Sarah defeats the Terminator by crushing
it.Before I finish this review I do have something to say. I could have
gone my whole life without seeing the naked asses of either Michael
Biehn or Arnold Schwarzenegger.I give this 8 stars out of 10.
			
If there is anyone who actually hasn't seen "The Terminator", I'll
write my short opinion, because it was on TV last night and I just
couldn't miss it. The plot is very simple... hero, villain, love story, cyborgs, post-
apocalyptic futures ... you know, that old story. I won't bother with
details, because I don't wanna spoil all the fun and fun is what you'll
have if you like sci-fi, action and good old Arnie.The main protagonist is likable and relatable. The villain is
awesome... hello?! Good old Ar.... you know already. The action is
good, the excitement is there, the story is interesting enough, it
wraps up movie nicely while still managing to prepare us for a great
sequel (I really like part 2, that s*it is awesome). All the elements are there, so if you haven't... go for it.
			
The Terminator is a movie with a complex background that manages to
deliver a simple yet strong story by staying true to the characters.
Often times, films that deal with time travel tend to be confusing or
full of holes, but The Terminator surprised me by developing a plot
that was not only simple but emotional.The settings and mood throughout the entire movie really emphasize a
state of panic, and it is definitely a thrilling experience from
beginning to end. The acting is not exceptional, but nonetheless, the
cast certainly does not fail in their respective roles. Every aspect of
this movie was well planned, and the great combination of technical
features and an overall sound script make this movie a model for all
future action films. Although I wish they explored other options in fighting the Terminator,
I guess that's what sequels are for. The Terminator takes viewers on a
journey of constant fear, anxiety, and panic, and it's exactly because
of this that The Terminator is a classic thriller.
			
I didn't know James Cameron wrote and directed The Terminator, can't
say that I'm surprised because only a genius could have created it. The
Terminator is early on in Arnold Schwarzenegger and James Cameron's
careers' and this movie put them on the map, or at least made them
bigger stars. James Cameron created a world of time travel and the
inevitable end of the world with a war between humanity and machines.
What could possibly go wrong? The answer is nothing.Arnold plays the terminator, a emotionless, flat, cyborg, killing
machine that has one goal, terminate. Arnold was a perfect role. He
obviously has his accent and amazing physique and he probably has fifty
lines in the movie and he is intimidating. The special effects done to
his face when he is part human and part machine is done really well.
The only flaw in the effects is the shots when the actual machine is
walking on a green screen. In all honesty it looked awful and took me
out of the experience but for its time it was acceptable. The character
terminator itself was scary and godlike to say the least and the only
reason this movie wasn't a ridiculous robot going on a killing rampage
was the story behind it. In the year 2029, or something close to it, a
man named John Connor is the leader of the human revolution and he gets
word of a terminator going back in time to kill Sarah Connor, John's
mother, to prevent John from being born. OK, so let's start with the
idea of time travel. Brilliant, I love it. It makes me think and wonder
what happens next. I could go on a rant and rave about time travel and
how it messes on my mind but that's for another day. John Connor has a
counter and sends one of his best men, Kyle Reece, to the past to
protect Sarah Connor. Throughout the movie Reece gives bits and pieces
as to what happens in the future and how the machines take over
humanity. The bits and pieces were awesome, it didn't overwhelm me with
information and it kept me invested in the story. The back story is
incredible and the universe James Cameron created is commendable. The
only real downside to the story is the lack of characters. Reece is a
good character but I wasn't a huge fan. His acting was a little flat
and I wasn't fully invested n his character. There was something about
him that rubbed me the wrong way. The action in the move was really
cool. The Terminator is basically invincible so seeing Arnold get shot
rapidity and watching him throw people through windows was awesome. The
car chases were done well and the best scene was easily when the
terminator tears through the police station and says the famous line,
"I'll be back." Nobody realized it then but that quote is imitated by
everybody at least once in their life, even if they haven't seen the
movie. Arnold's voice and the way he acts on screen is so unusual but
effective. This thing clearly isn't human and Arnold does it perfectly.
People may disagree with me on this but I'm saying it now, Arnold as
the first Terminator is better than the T-1000. I really liked the
character Sarah Connor. She is the most important character and she is
portrayed really well. She is a normal girl with a normal life just
trying to get by. She is a waitress and a lot of people can relate to
that. As 'm writing this now I am a waiter so I know. Sarah Connor is a
character people sympathize with so nice work, Cameron; you know how to
write a main character. The relationship between Reece and Sarah is
cute to say the least. The way their relationship builds is very
believable. If you have seen enough movies you can figure out the end
of the movie and what happens to each character but when I first saw it
I had no idea what was going to happen. Looking back I should have
figured it out but that's the magic of movies. Overall, The Terminator
is a classic in my opinion. I loved the movie and the depth behind the
story. Arnold was born to play this role and James Cameron was born to
make brilliant movies. The two of them together is a powerhouse that
couldn't possibly fail. The Terminator without a doubt gets the WillyT
Seal of Approval.
			
I honestly don't think that this movie needs an introduction, but I'll
give it one anyway - "The Terminator" is a 1984 film crafted by
legendary filmmaker James Cameron. The film follows tells the story of
a cyborg assassin (Schwarzenegger) who is sent back in time from 2029
to 1984 to kill a young woman (Hamilton). Well, starting from the top,
the movie's premise is certainly bizarre and outlandish, though Cameron
and team seem to successfully transcend this obstacle by presenting the
film's plot with utmost realism and seriousness. Quite possibly the
greatest aspect of the film is, in fact, Arnold Schwarzenegger's truly
menacing portrayal of the titular character. I wouldn't go so far as to
say that this was a difficult performance, but Arnold pulls off one of
his earliest acting roles with an intense amount of menace. The action
sequences were also a masterstroke aspect of the film. Nearly every set
piece in the film contained a good dose of thrills and jaw-dropping
moments. The movie itself is, arguably, one of the greatest and most
revolutionary science fiction films in film history. "The Terminator"
was one of the first films to introduce the concept of self-aware
artificial intelligence to the big screen, it catapulted the careers of
Arnold Schwarzenegger and James Cameron to new heights, and
simultaneously introduced several memorable lines of dialogue that most
people are familiar with. In 2008 "The Terminator" was selected by the
Library Of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film
Registry, being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically
significant". Did it deserve this honor? I believe so. For, "The
Terminator" was a fun, intelligent, novel film for me to experience.
			
Plot: A cyborg was sent to the past from a post apocalyptic future
where humankind is fighting self-aware machines. His mission: the
termination of Sarah Connor, the future mother of the human resistance
leader. Her only hope for survival is a human soldier that was also
sent back to the past to protect her.You'll love The Terminator if: You want a very good
Sci-Fi\Action\Thriller film with good characters that will keep you on
the edge of your seat. What I love in The Terminator is that instead of
cardboard characters that pose for the camera it has very good
realistic characters that get hurt, are always very afraid and very,
very vulnerable. Especially Sarah Connor is a real character that
changes throughout the film and while Linda Hamilton who portrays her
isn't exactly a hottie she shows us that its better to have charisma
than a supermodel trying to act, something very common nowdays when it
comes to female protagonists. Unlike the sequels the T-800 in this
movie is ready to kill you without a second thought. If it grabs you
you're dead! If he shoots at you and you aren't covered you're dead! It
never stops, it never gets tired and will make you feel the tension of
the characters. Finally while The Terminator has some plot holes and
logic gaps, (mostly time travel paradoxes), it doesn't offend the
intelligence of the viewers.You'll hate The Terminator if: You wanted a more Sci-Fi oriented film
rather than an action one or if you wanted something "louder" and with
a bit of comedy thrown in. The first movie is nothing like T2 or T3
where 2/3's of the movie is all about loud explosions and slightly
humorous situations. The chase scenes while very intense are simple
they are just chase scenes and not a redecoration of a whole city!!!
The Terminator is a way darker film where humor is non-existent when in
T2 or T3 you would actually laugh with some of the scenes involving the
T-800. Also while the plot is considered Science Fiction there is a
greater deal of Action here than actual Sci-Fi stuffFINAL VERDICT: Great Sci-Fi\Action\Thriller\Chase film (7.7/10)[+] Nicely directed. Great Action\Thriller atmosphere. Wonderful acting
from Hamilton who portrays a "real" evolving character.[-] A bit slow paced at times. Not for "Hardcore" Action or Sci-Fi
fans. Not a movie you'll see more than 2-3 times.Also Check: Alien (1979) - Predator (1987)  Terminator 2: Judgment Day
(1991)  War Of The Worlds (2005)P.S.: My purpose in all my IMDb Reviews is not to say "I like\don't
like this movie" but to help you decide whether YOU will like it or not
since everything is all about taste and expectations IMO...
			
I regret waiting so long to see it. A nice start for James Cameron's
career. And Arnold Swartzenegger career for that sake, although he had
made two movies prior to this, but this kinda put him on the "map".
Also it's cool to see him as the bad guy, and not the invincible hero.
i know it's a bit ironic as he is an almost invincible cyborg here, but
it fits better for a foe rather than a friend. hero's need to struggle,
while the enemy seem almost impossible to kill. It builds up tension,
and this movie is packed with it.I don't think I neither need or should tell the plot. it's about a
robot trying to prevent a person to be born, so he goes back in time to
kill his mother. That's about it, unless you want details, but then I
advise you to see the movie instead.The effects are great, especially considering it's budget; US$6.5
million. Not much for Hollywood standards, and it hardly shows. Even
though some times the robot is a stop-motion effects, and the
terminators's eye looks a little fake, it's nothing you really should
bother to point out. It's from 1984, has a small budget, and it's about
a cyborg killer, I'm impressed by what James Cameron achieved in this
film.I really look forward to see Terminator 2, and sadly I saw the third
one first. Seriously skip it, it's horrible. I recommend the two made
by James Cameron and that's number 1 & 2. I give this film a 8/10.
			
One of the most amazing aspects of 'The Terminator,' was the story.
Despite the extremely low budget, and the equally low-budget feel of
the film, the movie had an extremely well thought out story. This is
evident when they took this film into three additional sequels, made a
mega-star out of Schwarzenegger and even produced a short-lived TV
series. Unfortunately, despite the quality of story and the sci-fi
aspect of the plot line, I viewed it more as a horror story than an
action picture it was meant to be. I think it was the genre of films
produced back on and around 1984. Only this one stood out, with solid
performances by Hamilton, Biehn and, of course, Schwarzenegger. In the
defining movie based on man vs. machines (tell me the makers of 'The
Matrix' wasn't thinking about this movie throughout), comes a 'Judgment
Day' apocalyptic war when machines take over in 1997 and man spends the
rest of his days fighting the mistake we made. Back in time comes a
"terminator" to kill the mother of the resistance leader in a valid
tactical move, but thankfully, the leader also sends someone back to
protect her  giving us valuable information in the process. While some
of the graphics (and hair, oh, God, the hair) were extremely dated
(also see: the closing, when Schwarzenegger finally loses his skin),
the movie holds up very well, even 25 years later. And it's all thanks
to the interesting and original story as well as the acting. Many
imitated this movie; none came close to the heart of 'The Terminator.'
I even loved the ending. Of course, it opened the doors to sequels, but
if it ended with the storm coming, it would've been okay. They produced
a quality product that honestly didn't need a continuation.
			
***SPOILERS*** The future clashes with the present in the film "The
Terminator" when cyborg assassin played by the robotic-like and
indestructible Arnold Schwarzenegger is sent back to 1984 L.A. on a
mission of murder and survival. The Terminator's mission is to
terminate Sarah Connors, Linda Hamilton, who's yet unborn son John will
start a human uprising against the super intelligent machines who are
destroying what's still left, in 2029, of the human race.As we as well as Sarah soon learn from time traveler Kyle Reese,
Michael Biehn, a human freedom fighter and John Connors' top commander
who's also sent back from the future-2029-that it's of the utmost
importance for her to survive in order to give birth to John who's to
lead a revolt and defeat the future machines which he in fact did.
Sending the Terminator to kill Sarah is the only way the machines can
checkmate John's destruction of them and it's his job, by any means
necessary, to murder her in order to prevent that from happening!Non-stop action with the Terminator hell bent to murder Sarah and Reese
doing his best to prevent that from happening. In his single-minded
effort to rub out Sarah The Terminator spears no effort in arming
himself to the teeth by knocking off a sporting goods store, and
murdering its owner, as he goes out hunting for Sarah Connors in L.A
and its surrounding suburbs. As things turn out the Terminator checking
out the local L.A telephone book ends up murdering two other women with
the identical name of Sarah Connors before he finally tracks down the
one that he's really looking for at a local L.A disco. It's just then
that Reese shows up and with shotgun blazing keeps the Terminator from
completing his murderous mission.On the run from the police as well as the Terminator Reese and Sarah
end up trapped by the killer cyborg at a deserted factory who by now,
with all the bullets and bombs he's absorb, is nothing but a shell,
with his outer plating or human features all but obliterated, of his
former self!***SPOILER ALERT*** Explosive final sequence with the Terminator taring
up the entire factory to get to both Sarah and Reese but ending up like
the pile of junk-nuts & bolts and computer chips-that he at first
started out as when he was created, or manufactured, back in 2029 by
his masters and fellow nuts & bolts people the artificially intelligent
machines! The mindless murderous and disrespectful,to the laws of man
as well as nature, robotic brute was in the end himself terminated by
the very person or persons, Sarah & Reese, who's lives he was out to
extinguish with a super large dose of "Terminal Justice"! As for Sarah
she in fact did survive to give birth, out of wedlock, to her both
future son and rebel hero John Connors. Knowing what the future holds
Sarah is now making sure, via audio recordings and letters, that her
soon to be born son will be ready for the monumental task, after a
nuclear war started by the machines, that's awaiting him in the not so
distant future: As the "Savior" of the "Human Race"!
			
I saw this film in the cable channel listings last night, and by the
time I finished debating whether to watch it or not, it was already
fifteen minutes into the movie. I'd seen it before of course, and more
than once, but I always have a fascination for films that struck me as
groundbreaking when I saw them upon their original release. So I tuned
in, and my review here has more to do with the perspective of twenty
five years having passed since that Orwellian year of 1984.First off, I enjoy the movie, no two ways about it. If you can take Dr.
Silberman's (Earl Boen) word for it, Reese's story is brilliant. But
even back then, a quarter decade ago, I just couldn't buy the sheer
illogic of the story's main plot element. The son of Sarah Connor
(Linda Hamilton) sends Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) back in time to
prevent The Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenneger) from killing the
waitress who's son would lead the resistance against the machines in
the year 2029. Now you can only take the 'chicken or the egg' argument
so far. Even Sarah Connor realized this by the end of the story when
she said it made her head hurt. As laid out, this story couldn't have
happened, and yet it stands as one of the most memorable sci-fi flicks
of all time.And that's OK. I give the picture high marks for it's relentless pace
and the innovative ways the Cyberdine System Model 101 (that would be
Arnold) found to hunt down it's quarry. By today's technology and
special effects, the picture appears somewhat dated, as does Ridley
Scott's "Alien", but that can't be helped any more than the constraints
on an earlier era's "War of the Worlds" (1953) or "The Day The Earth
Stood Still" (1951). Even the skeletal half-Terminator of the film's
finale, which clearly screamed Harryhausen, managed to effectively
engage this viewer in the desperate struggle for survival and victory.
This adventure wouldn't be over until that single red eye went dark,
not in a blaze of glory, but in the suffocating gray defeat of all it's
hunter-killer instinct.Hard to say which Sarah Connor I prefer - the buffed and muscular Linda
Hamilton of the sequel, or the soft and indecisive, almost clueless
Sarah of the original. Therein lies the opportunity for the growth of
the character over the course of the story arc. One needs to follow it
through.One thing I realized today though, and it took twenty five years to
come to it, but the title of this film is "The Terminator". I think
when you're dealing with someone as huge as 'Mr. Universe' and 'Mr.
Olympia' on the world bodybuilding stage, there's no room for defining
the protagonist with the article 'The'. In my book, this film will
always be "Terminator".
			
"Piranha 2: The Spawning" director James Cameron scored his first major
cinematic hit with "The Terminator," a gritty, on-the-run, rough-hewn,
low-budget science fiction actioneer about time travel with a curious
twist. Body builder Arnold Schwarzenegger virtually guaranteed that
this 107 minute exercise in murder and mayhem would be a blockbuster
with his villainous, straight-faced portrayal of a relentless cyborg
that will allow nothing to stand between its programmed objective of
executing a woman, Sarah Connor, in the past. The chief science fiction
element in Cameron's film is the use of predestination paradox where it
appears the history is being altered, when in fact, it is really being
fulfilled. Cameron rehashed much of the "Terminator" action in the
sequel, but he made the Schwarzenegger more sympathetic by having him
serve as young John Connor's bodyguard. Ironically, this $6-million
plus movie wasn't that original because cyborg characters have been
around in fantasy literature as early as Edgar Allan Poe. Nevertheless,
"The Terminator" put cyborgs on the map more than "The Six-Million
Dollar Man" and eventually inspired the "Robocop" franchise."The Terminator" opens in Los Angeles in 2029 A.D., at night while
enemy Hunter Killer hovercraft prowl the post-apocalyptic rubble of the
city for human prey. Heavy combat vehicles with massive treads on their
wheels crush hundreds of human skulls into powder while human survivors
exchange fire with skeletal metal terminators with fiery red eyes. A
preamble of sorts comes up and sets the scene: The machines rose from
the ashes of the nuclear fire. Their war to exterminate mankind had
raged for decades, but the final battle would not be fought in the
future. It would be fought here in our present . . . tonight. The
actual story unfolds at 1:52 AM when a garbage truck driver watches
crackling blue plasma-type waves envelope him and his vehicle.A garbage truck operator is emptying trash bins when a plasma-like web
of jagged blue lighting bolts envelopes his vehicle and shuts off the
vehicle's power. He flees when the T-101 Terminator assassin (Arnold
Schwarzenegger) appears naked out of nowhere. Skynet has sent the T-101
from the future back to the year 1984 to kill the mother of resistance
leader John Connor. The naked t-101 saunters up to a trio of punks at
the Griffith Park Observatory overlooking Los Angeles. An obnoxious,
blue-haired punk (Bill Paxton of "Aliens" and "Twister") and his friend
(veteran heavy Brian Thompson of "Sudden Impact" and "Cobra") ridicule
T-101. The Terminator kills both of them while the third strips off his
clothing. Meanwhile, elsewhere in L.A., another naked man, Kyle Reese
(Michael Biehn of "The Rock") materializes from the future. He steals a
homeless man's pants, evades the L.A.P.D., and breaks into a clothing
store, steals Nike sneakers and a trench coat. Whereas the T-101 wants
to kill Sarah, Kyle wants to save her! Not surprisingly, young Sarah
Connor doesn't have a clue that anybody yearns to either murder her or
save her life.Sarah works at a fast-food restaurant. The T-101 finds three Sarah
Connors in the L.A. phone book and kills the first two and then invades
Sarah's apartment and kills her roommate Ginger and Matt (Rick
Rossovich of "Top Gun") her boyfriend. Eventually, Sarah discovers what
is happening and holes up at a night club called Tech Noir where the
T-101 tracks her down. Kyle Reese rescues Sarah and they flee, but the
L.A.P.D. capture them and Reese has to cough up his far-fetched story
to a by pompous psychologist Dr. Peter Silberman (Earl Boen of "Alien
Nation") who doesn't believe a syllable of Reese's saga. Silberman
diagnoses Reese as suffering from paranoid delusions and boasts that he
make a career out of analyzing the guy's stories. During Reese's
interrogation scene at police headquarters with Silberman, Cameron and
co-writers Gale Ann Hurd and an uncredited William Wisher, Jr., provide
audiences with crucial expository information about Skynet and the war
with the cyborgs that seek to annihilate mankind.The bulk of "The Terminator" concerns the T-101's tireless efforts to
kill Sarah while Reese struggles to lead her to safety. During their
flight, Reese and Sarah become romantically involved and Reese gets
Sarah pregnant with future resistance leader John Connor. Talk about
twisted time travel?! Cameron intersperses a flashback to the future
where a T-101 (Schwarzenegger's pal Franco Columbu of "Beretta's
Island") invades a resistance bunker and goes on a murderous rampage
before he is eliminated. Throughout the blazing action sequences,
Cameron gradually strips the T-101 down to its alloyed metal
endoskeleton. Reese explains to Silberman that a Terminator is a
cyborg, half-man, and half-machine that will never stop until it kills
Sarah. Everybody at the police station regards Reese as a fruit cake
with his unbelievable story until the T-101 shows up with an arsenal of
weapons and shoots up the premises, killing at least 17 cops. Reese and
Sarah escape, hid out in a motel where they build pipe bombs, but the
resourceful T-101 finds Sarah's mother, kills her off-screen, and
imitates her so that it can learn Sarah's whereabouts. Another ramped
up chase ensues with the T-101 caught in a blazing 18-wheeler. The fire
scorches its entire body in the last 15 minutes so that all that
remains is the skeleton. Reese dies blowing the skeleton in two. The
torso of the T-101 continues to stalk Sarah until she crushes it in a
tool manufacturing factory so that only the hand and forearm, which
appears in the sequel "Terminator 2: Judgment Day." James Cameron has
more road trip action in this thriller than actual science fiction, but
the action-packed scenes more than deliver their quota of thrills and
chills. One of the earliest scenes in a pawnshop has the T-101
gathering an arsenal of hardware from an unsuspecting clerk (Dick
Miller) and then killing him instead of paying for it. The "I'll be
back" scene at the police station massacre is probably the best scene
in this supercharged little spine-tingler.
			
The film that made Cameron and Arnie into A listers holds up pretty
well after 25 years, with exciting action sequences, laconic cops, a
legendary one-liner and a powerful depiction of a post-apocalypse world
devastated by nuclear war. In 1984, when the film came out, this still
felt like something that might be just around the corner.This is the very ideal of high concept - a cyborg from the future comes
back to kill the mother of a future resistance leader, thus preventing
the humans from defeating a powerful super-computer that's wiped out
most of humanity. The premise is actually borrowed from a Harlan
Ellison-scripted t.v. episode of The Outer Limits, and Cyborg 2087, a
t.v. flick based on a novel by Martin Caidin, which also inspired The
Six Million Dollar Man. Whew!It's what Cameron does with it that matters. The movie holds your
attention from the get-go and Arnie was never better as the soulless,
murderous Terminator of the title. Michael Biehn gives a wonderful
performance as a future resistance fighter sent back in time to prevent
the killing. "It's just him and me" he says at one point. The time
machine's been destroyed, stranding him in 1984, and his cause is
something he's willing to die for. Yet Paul Winfield and Lance
Henriksen raise scene-stealing to an art-form as the two cops trying to
fathom it all out. Stan Winstone's stop motion effects may have dated
but they were state of the art at time the film was made, and Brad
Fiedel's memorable pounding main theme will stay with you long after
the credits have faded. This deserves to be counted with Star Wars and
Blade Runner as one of the great sci-fi movies of its time.
			
James Cameron's time-bending sci-fi classic stars Governor Arnold as
everyone's favorite cyborg sent back in time to assassinate the future
leader of a resistance group that will wage war against a race of
machines.The original film has a low-budget quality that makes it look quaint
next to its big Hollywood sequels, but it somehow works well with the
material. It gives the film the look and feel of one of those
exploitative grindhouse movies from the 1970s, and I dug it.With Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn, and a whole bunch of other
people that would show up in James Cameron's "Aliens" a couple of years
later.Grade: A
			
This is one of the best sci-fi films, with Schwarzenegger traveling
back in time to kill the mother of a future revolutionary. The plot
doesn't holdup too well on scrutiny, but that's why it's called science
fiction. Arnold makes one of filmdom's meanest villains and gets to
utter one of his famous lines, "I'll be back." Biehn is likable as the
hero and Hamilton makes a lovely damsel in distress. Cameron, working
with a small budget in only his second feature film as director, keeps
the action moving at a break-neck pace as the tension mounts. It gets a
little silly towards the end, but is quite entertaining for the most
part.
			
My Take: Revolutionary for its storytelling and influences to the
genre. Highly regarded as one of the best sci-fi films of all time, James
Cameron's brainchild THE TERMINATOR, released in 1984, has severely
suffered a sort of dated feel. Suffering in comparison to the
ever-advancing technology, the special effects and make-up have dated
real badly from the low-tech technology available at the 80's to today.
But in its heart, THE TERMINATOR still holds true with its story and
anti-war message that still holds truth and never is too preachy, in
fact not at all. THE TERMINATOR may not be the place to locate
revolutionary special effects and action scenes, but it's in the
writing department where the true heart of the film lies, as is its
success. Arnold Schwarzenegger is still one of the creepiest bad guys
around as the cold, emotionless cyborg from the violent future sen back
to modern 1984 to kill a woman (Linda Hamilton) who will spawn a son
who will lead humanity against a rebellion against war-machines in a
futuristic war. Michael Biehn has gone surprisingly out of steam as a
hero, so is Hamilton's character who rarely does anything more than
play second-bananas. But THE TERMINATOR still holds a story and some
key moments to hold its audiences. In other words, it still is a
classic remnant of its age, an age where writing goes first above
effects and star players.Rating: **** out of 5.
			
The only Terminator movie that is better then this is Terminator
2:Judgement Day. This is more of a action movie then Part 2. It is
almost a Horror film. It is a Action/ Sci-Fi/Thriller/Romance. It is my
sixth favorite film ever. It is my third favorite time travel flick.
Anyone who has never heard of this movie probably has never heard of a
lot of movies. If you have not seen it, then I definitely recommend it
to you. One guy on here who did not like this film was saying that the
terminator does not have any emotions. Of course, he doesn't, He is a
cyborg. He cannot have emotions and he also said that the chase scenes
were frustrating because the terminator never gets tired. Well, He is
programmed to not get tired so he won't stop ever until you are dead.
That guy who posted that comment is an idiot. He is the worst critic on
here ever. Well, this film is a masterpiece. A great piece from the
80s. I am a big fan of the 80s so I loved this film. MPAA rating:R.
Ages 10 and up. Great film because it is very original. It does not
rely too much on special effects. Some of the special effects are
horrible but who cares? The movie is very realistic.
			
What can you say...The ultimate 80's Sci-Fi actioner, James Cameron's
bleak vision of the future is filmed in a dark, noirish style that
oozes substance with clever narrative devices. The narrative however,
is kept pretty linear, nothing else is happening but what you are
seeing happening. Character development and narrative subtexts are also
kept to a minimum so we are firmly concentrated on the action and the
simple task that this unstoppable killing machine is trying to achieve.
This is a formula Cameron would successfully repeat and more for his
spectacular sequel T2, one of the best examples of a sequel surpassing
its predecessor in terms of quality. However, he had a bigger cast,
crew and lots more money for that and there is no doubt he would have
made most of his later films like The Terminator if he wasn't given
loads of dosh! (Damn Titanic studio execs!) However, The Terminator is
a great, original film in its own right, perfectly suited to its 80's
setting and besides it is also notable for making a star of Arnie. His
monosyllabic T-800 became a cultural icon, getting more menacing as the
film progresses into a thrilling climax. The great score by the
underrated Brad Fidel (no not the Blackburn Rovers goalie!) only adds
to the thrilling effect.8/10
			
Well, what can I say? Real 'knock your sox off' stuff from director
James Cameron."The Terminator" keeps you on the edge of your seat from early on and
barely lets up. Cameron makes full use of a fantastically original and
well-worked script (co-written by himself and producer Gale Ann Hurd),
and the brilliantly choreographed action sequences.Michael Biehn, Linda Hamilton and supporting cast are very believable,
but Arnold Schwarzenegger is perfectly, and I mean perfectly, cast.
Schwarzenegger is the Terminator.Both the special effects and music are also fantastic. "T1" is solid,
excellent entertainment. I can't wait for number two.Saturday, August 3, 1991 - Video Wednesday, September 18, 1991 - VideoJames Cameron's movie still holds up as one of the best action/sci-fi
films ever made.Tuesday, February 25, 1992 - Video
			
"I'll be back." Uttered by the Terminator just before he launches into
a murderous rampage as he looks for Sarah Connor, a woman who will give
birth to the savior of humanity in the future. The Terminator is not
simply an action film. The Terminator is not simply a sci-fi film. It
is both rolled into one. However the Terminator breaks away from the
norm of all flash and no show.Sarah Connor is a regular woman living in Los Angeles. She's normal
until someone attempts to assassinate her and then protected by a man
claiming to be the future. The story is pretty much this stranger
attempting to protect Sarah from this assassin who says very little.
However the assassin is not human, he is a cyborg and the man claiming
to be from the future actually is from the future sent back in time to
protect the mother of the future savior of humanity against the
machines who will attempt to destroy it.When I first read the plot for this I was so confused I was uncertain I
wanted to watch it. Finally I did and I loved it and go back to it for
a good story. The film could have been terrible. Everything could have
gone wrong but Cameron was the driving force behind the film. He makes
everything work how it should from the action to the plot to the
acting. Everything flows as it should. It showed how much skill Cameron
had even in his younger days of directing. (Remember this is 13 years
before Titanic would come out)The acting is nothing great. Yes Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton give
convincing performances. Michael Biehn in my opinion was one of your
top actors in the 80's and he pretty much disappeared. In The
Terminator he is cool, bright, sexy, and all else convincing as a
soldier turned bodyguard. Linda Hamilton shows how true actresses
should act. She convinced me she had no idea what was going on when she
first had that gun pointed in her face. Both leads give strong and
worthwhile performances.Of course the most famous of the film is Arnold. Cold, cunning, and
silent he portrays the Terminator. I really must comment that Arnold
barely does any acting whatsoever except for walking, shooting, and a
rare word or two. However, it doesn't mean he is a waste on the screen.
Arnold, when he found out how little acting he was going to have to do
made sure he was using the weapons correctly and acting as much a
machine as he possibly could. The story is actually very strong. Instead of no evidence being given
of the future a ton of information is given including flashbacks (or
would it be flash forwards) of battles Reese has gone through in his
life. Nothing is set directly, many things have to be figured out on
your own but nothing is really difficult to understand. The plot line
is complex and an amazing world is painted around the storyThe action scenes are some of my personal favorites, especially the
showdown in the police station. Cameron got exactly what he wanted when
he directed the film. He wanted darkness, rage, violence, a story line
that worked. However, the film isn't all about action and violence, it
is about humanity and how it is destroying itself. He wanted to show
what the future could hold for humans with the possession of nuclear
weapons and advancements in technology. He got exactly that. Cameron
wanted to make as dark a film as he possibly could with top action
sequences of the time and a sci-fi world only outdone by Star Wars in a
film. 4/5 stars
			
THE TERMINATOR was a non-stop, slam bang action classic that
established James Cameron as a director to watch and established Arnold
Schwarzenegger as a superstar. Schwarzenegger plays a cyborg from the
future who has been sent back in time to the year 1984 to assassinate a
woman whose son grew up to be great military leader whose enemies want
to wipe out his entire existence by killing his mother. This film was a
smash hit at the box office and became an instant classic. Cameron has
mounted an exciting and riveting story that redefined the action genre
forever. Linda Hamilton (who later became Mrs. James Cameron) delivers
a star-making performance as Sarah Conner, the ordinary woman who is
completely baffled as to why she has become a target for termination.
Michael Beihn is sexy and charismatic as the soldier from the future
who has also been sent back to stop the terminator and protect Sarah.
Paul Winfield and Lance Henriksen garner some chuckles as police trying
to protect Sarah and there's an early albeit brief appearance by a
young Bill Paxton as an early victim of the terminator. If you're an
action fan whose never seen this, it's a must. Followed by a sequel
called TERMINATOR 2: JUDGMENT DAY.
			
The Terminator 1984. Orion Pictures.Review: The Terminator has one of the best stories out there. In the
distant future, a cyborg has been sent back in time to stop the one
that changed everything, and she does not even know it. This is an
engaging, thrilling, chilling, and a wonderful movie experience.
Arnold's performance as the Terminator is one of his best performances
ever. Arnold is the perfect villain here. He's cold, unfeeling,
menacing, evil, and kills without hesitation. Arnold's facials are also
awesome. The Terminator is sent back to 1984 to follow it's prime
directive: Terminate Sarah Connor, and will terminate anyone who will
try to stop him. Micheal Biehn is great as Reese. The one man sent to
stop the Terminator. The story unfolds, and it's gets better with
character and plot development. Listen well. The action is well done
and keeps you pumped. It also takes Sarah a while to finally be
convinced that a evil machine has been sent to kill her. I also like it
when the Terminator's skin begins to tear off and you can see the red
eye's glow and metal skull. Cool visual. The Last Word: Awesome. Remains a timeless classic. The best of the
Terminator series. Arnold was perfect. One of the best villains in the
history of cinema.
			
The Terminator tells the story of a cyborg from the future traveling to
the year 1984 to kill a woman who will eventually give birth to a boy
that will become a war hero in the future. A human soldier is sent back
as well, to protect her. Together, they flee the cyborg, who will stop
at literally nothing to destroy the hope of the future. This is a very
fun action film that most action fans will most definitely enjoy.The Terminator is embedded into everyone's memory as one of the most
recognizable action films ever, as it should be, considering it shot
both director James Cameron and star Arnold Schwarzenegger into super
stardom. This is also a highly referenced, parodied, and quoted film.
It isn't as epic of its superior sequel, but it still manages to pack a
wallop. It was made on a relatively low budget, but it still manages to
look awesome. I liked how James Cameron successfully mixed together
action, science fiction, and suspense to make an exciting movie.The acting in the movie is very good. Arnold Schwarzenegger is
obviously perfect in the role, considering it's his best known. Michael
Biehn and Linda Hamilton are very well together. Look for a young Bill
Paxton as a punk teen.Overall, The Terminator is one of the best action films around, and I
recommend it to anyone who likes action films.8/10
			
Made on a relatively low budget, James Cameron's now-seminal
sci-fi/action thriller should be considered a model of efficient
film-making. Cameron and his fellow artisans managed to create a
tightly-constructed and imaginative film under considerably meager
constraints, and yet the finished film remains highly impressive even
when viewed some 20 odd years later. Aside from a few shoddily obvious
rear projection shots, the special effects are still realistic and
credible, and much of the f/x makeup and prosthetic work remain
seamless. Yet, as impressive as the film's technical merits may be, it
is the sensitive and surprisingly effective storyline that has
propelled this film to the status of modern classic.A creative blend of time-travel science fiction, heart-pounding action,
and organic, non-cloying romance, THE TERMINATOR manages to hit all of
the right notes without ever condescending to the obvious nor feeling
constrained and stilted. Playing the title role elevated Austrian
actor/bodybuilder Arnold Schwarzenegger into Hollywood's A-list
virtually overnight, and the monosyllabic, impossibly built cyborg is
still probably the best use of Schwarzenegger's steely screen presence.
Linda Hamilton is likable and sympathetic as Schwarzenegger's intended
victim, and Michael Biehn is terrific as a weary professional soldier.
Although I also liked the high-octane, effects-heavy, multi-million
dollar sequel, the comparatively low tech original remains a creative
and highly influential watershed moment for the genre.
			
He's buff, stone-faced, and genuinely scary in this movie- my first
thought at the end of this movie was "He'd make a good governor of
California." Well, perhaps not. But it's hard to imagine The Terminator
without Schwarzeneggar (I attempted to spell it without looking), and
maybe that's only because the Terminator and Arnold have become
synonymous since 1984. You can't think Terminator without thinking
"Ah'll be back." Of course, I wasn't even born in '84, so I don't
really know how the movie was received before he became a cultural
icon, but from the perspective of a 16-year-old here and now, I think
it's a great movie.When you ignore the fact that now Ahnold is and always will be the
Terminator, you can see that he really was good in the role. Sure,
there isn't much for him to do- he talks in monotone, glares, and
flexes- but his build, his accent, his face, everything about him was
built for playing a robot- excuse me, cyborg. Kyle Reese would yell at
me for being so glib.The hero of the movie, the aforementioned Kyle Reese, is played by
Michael Biehn, who has a few shining moments, but doesn't really
impress for the rest of the film. Linda Hamilton, on the other hand,
shines throughout the entire movie as a young woman whose entire life
turns upside down. She doesn't do the girlish freakout, a clich that
has grown really old, probably even by 1984; instead, she focuses on
the fact that her life depends on every move she makes- while still
showing fear. Hamilton pulls that off magnificently, despite a script
that throws a few cheesy lines her way, thought she handles the cheese
a lot better than Biehn does.I may sound pretty critical so far, what with the cheese and my
disappointment with one of the main stars, but the truth is, despite
those flaws, the rest of the movie delivers. Some people say this movie
has an anti-nuclear-war message- I say, sure, for maybe five minutes.
This isn't a message movie- it's a thriller, full of meaty action that
really does thrill. The whole movie is basically a chase scene, but the
chasing is gripping and creatively laid out. The only other James
Cameron film I've seen is Titanic, and with these two movies I can tell
that Cameron is very good at engaging the audience in intelligent
action. The plot line is as creative as the action with its detailed
mythology and harrowing climax. I don't want to ruin any of it though,
because it's really a good story. Just see it, and you'll understand.It's a fun movie, and by now has been raised into the classic zone. And
after seeing it a few times and not tiring of it in the least, I can
see why.
			
Then along came a terminator............when I first saw this film in
1985..............it scared me...............the end was a real nail
biter. It was, at first - I feel; a kinda low budget- side alley/ side
track film -that got a kinda cult'a feeling about it.I saw it on VHS at my High school Girlfriends house.............the
dark room, the little movie on TV..............it caught my attention
and held.................and I felt real fear for the Characters!Something about a big metal robot -trying to kill ya.......scary.For a rock'em-sock'em / shoot'em action scfi / thriller the Terminator
is Killer..............and delivers on different levels from different
angles/ age groups. In the 10 times I've seen it since -it always
entertains me................and inspires me. The sergeant Guy from the
Future is the clear hero here................and a good role
model...........(of sorts). The Terminator is all
bad.................here is a arch villain with no revel. It's rare for
grown -up not to see some redeeming quality in in film villains, but
the "The terminator" is one exception.
			
Ultimately there is only one thing that prevents me giving higher score
for "The Terminator": the soundtrack. There was lots and lots of
synthesized music back in 80's and from some reason James Cameron
decided to be cool and hip and he wanted one in his film. Which I think
was a mistake and I am really hoping, that Cameron would do a special
edition with some better tracks. Now, there are some good tracks on the
film, but mostly all action sequences are plagued with those horrible
synthesized music tracks.Now that I've gotten that out from my chest I can say here, that
otherwise I like the film: it's greatly directed and written. Actors
are good and special effects are rather good for their age.A solid action goodness from the flashy 80's. A classic.
			

The Terminator is a 1984 movie starring Arnold Schwarzennegar and Linda
Hamilton, and it is independent. James Cameron made this before he got the
big bucks from Aliens and went on to make Terminator 2: Judgment Day. But to
this day I consider this his best movie, because of the independent
qualities that it has. Arnold's character has become classic now, and
Cameron builds tension and real, actual horror from this creation instead of
relying solely on special effects. This movie is called a thriller but
should also be called a horror, because the way the Terminator chases Linda
Hamilton and Nick Stahl is something to be truly feared, even if he is a
robot. This movie is a futuristic allegory, full of meaning, full of
thrills. One of cinema's most famous lines is "I'll be back." and it is from
this movie. But this movie has never left. It's remained and grown stronger,
and it will for quite a while.My grade: 9/10
			

                              The Terminator was a fabulous film of the
80's. It came close with Empire Strikes Back, Return of the Jedi, and
Scarface. Arnold Scwarzzeneger was fabulous in this movie. He's not a very
good actor but he surprised me in this film and especially in the 2nd one.
The story was great and Michael Biehn was good as the good guy, trying to
save Sarah Connor. I haven't seen him in other films because I heared he was
a bad actor and his war action type films of his so I guess I didn't want to
seen him in them. The special effects were actually good for an 80's film.
Didn't bother me at all and didn't complain once. Good film and
recommended.8/10
			
Of all the 1980's science fiction movies to come out, I think this one
was one of my favorites. It was so very unique and original a story as
to fully capture the imagination. The animatronics they used for the
Terminator was so realistic without ever coming off as contrived or
phony. Even when they used the obvious dummy for Schwarzenegger's face
right after he took out his eyeball, it looked good. If they had had
the techniques in CGI we have now, it would have been much better, but
alas! They did not.This was an excellent story which was well-executed, and was far
greater than the sum of its parts. I loved it through and through. It's
hard to believe they made this movie for less than 10M. Great acting, wonderful plot, good effects, and excellent direction
make for a blockbuster hit for years to come.A definite must-have for all fans of the sci-fi/action genres.It rates an 8.0/10 from...the Fiend :.
			

The Terminator is the beginning of Arnold Schwartzenegger's rule of
Hollywood and it turns out all of California. The Terminator is still his
best role to date. Arnold does a incredible job of playing the unstoppable
Terminator. Linda Hamilton was never what you'd call talented and Michael
Biehn never saw the success that he deserves.James Cameron's greatest talent lies in creating great setpieces and
backdrops for his stories. He also has an eye for action, and The Terminator
has plenty of both. The makeup effects are a bit primitive even for the time
but they were cool then and they still work now. The Terminator's vision is
always been a cool effect to me but it is used sparingly in this film. The
action and gunplay are some of the best ever seen in an Arnold or Cameron
film and that's saying something. Bottom Line: The Terminator is a classic
that doesn't get old and never gets boring. At least when Arnie is
onscreen.
			

My Rating: *** out of ****.The Terminator introduced James Cameron to critics and moviegoers, and was
the start to a pretty decent career. The Terminator will mostly entertain
you, even though its flawed. Cameron had enough talent to make it a
watchable movie.The acting is pretty good. Arnold Schwarzenegger isnt bad as the Terminator,
but i dont think he has enough of a bad presence to be a truly great bad
guy, hes better as a hero. Linda Hamilton is solid as Sarah Connor. Michael
Biehn is fine. They have enough chemistry to make their relationship seem
believable. I feel The Terminator's pace is a bit off in a few areas, I dont know why.
The Terminator effects still look decent, though nothing compared to the
state of the art effects we have now. Cameron does a good job for one of his
first times behind the camera. This is definitely not Cameron's best film,
but it was a good start to his career.  
			

Commenting on this film after watching Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines
was not easy. I've seen it for seven or eight times before this. So when I
sat before my TV to watch it again, just a day after I saw T3 in theatre, it
gave me a new idea. That the Terminator (1984) never meant to be a sci-fi
eye candy based on raw action, which T2 and more precisely T3 have become.
It should be classified into some sci-fi horror to be more perfect. That
creepy Terminator model, that gory look of Schwarzenegger, the night based
story and especially that background music--- all meant to create a feeling
of horror or dark thriller, never a die-hard action flick. I don't know if
seeing this film in the perspective of that era, early 80's, could tell a
different thing. But to be an action movie in today's eyes, Terminator is
not sufficient.Years before The Matrix presented us the very idea that in near future
machines or self-aware computer programs will enslave the human race, there
came this thing... SkyNet. Perhaps to deal with this concept was not
Cameron's primary goal in this rather low budget superhit. His intention was
to make another cult film. Success was much higher than expected, it's true.
But that is not my point. I just mean if Terminator was made in late 90's,
not back in '84, it would have been a much more different movie. Inevitably
the major focus had to be on the basic concept, not Arnold building his
muscles in the rooftop. I realise in sudden horror that it might not cast
Arnold as well... since a killing machine doesn't have to be a Mr. Universe
in figure. And in today's eyes, it would surely be an absurd idea too to an
indie filmmaker.Whether Terminator would succeed if made now as much as it did back then is
a different story. All that is important is its effect on filmmakers
thereafter. It was a flawed film, true. But it created a genre of its own.
It was highly extraordinary, even in the eyes of present-day post-Matrix
viewers. That skin-on-one-side look of Arnie's face became a trademark; his
"I'll be back" became a legend. This film generated several inspired works
but few equals. I know exactly why T2 is a different movie at all.
Terminator is a classic of its own kind.
			

This is one of the most well known sci-fi action films out there, and why
not.  Its packed with solid action, a good plot, and good direction. The
only thing was the special FX, but considering the film's budget and that it
was 1984, they are not bad. But comparing them to today's they are kind of
weak.  But besides that, this is one hell of an action film.  Arnie's
does'nt say much but he does a good as the title character.  I also thought
Michael Beihn gave a good performance as the rebel soldier sent back to
protect Linda Hamilton.  The action scene's were also solid, especially the
car chases and the shootout at the police station.  In all a highly
recommended film, especially for fans of Arnold as well as sci-fi action
film's.  4/5  
			

[CONTAINS SPOILERS]Our story opens Thursday May 12, 1984 at 1:52 AM. (First of
all, that date is non-existant. May 12 did not land on a Thursday
in
1984. It did in 1983. I should know, I was born the next day
on
Friday, May 13 1983.) But anyway, Thursday, May 12 1984 at 2
AM.
Everything is quiet except for the roar of a garbage truck.
Suddenly, a brillitant flash of light occurs and
something
appears. It may look human, but it's really a machine. It's
The
Terminator and he's been sent to Los Angeles to terminate
someone.
Also sent here was a someone to stop the Terminator. This
someone
is human and is named Kyle Reese. He was a soldier in a war in
2029,
defending man kind from destructive machines.
The Terminator's target: Sarah Connor, soon-to-be mother
of
John Connor who leads the humans to victory. Terminator kills
two
other Sarah Connors but they were the wrong ones. He then goes
after
the real Sarah Connor, but Reese is right there to help her
escape.
He tells her of the whole ordeal and she thinks he's nuts. They're
soon
picked up and taken to the police, but the Terminator finds
them
and crashes his car right inside the building. No matter where
Kyle
and Sarah go, the Terminator is right there. The finally blow him
up
in an oil tanker, but now they've got his steel robotic
endoskeleton
to worry about. They go into an automation factory where
sadly,
Reese meets his end. But Sarah traps the Terminator in a
crusher,
says "You're terminated, F***er" then crushes him. She's
safe.Pretty good. It's better than Terminator 2, which they say
is
best of the series. Terminator 3 will be here next year.
This movie made a catch phrase for Arnold Schwarzenegger: "I'll
be
back". If you're a Schwarzenegger fan, I recommend Predator,
or Kindergarten Cop, which is a pretty funny movie. I like the
part
where Arnold's in the classroom and the kids are making a lot of
noise
and he yells "SHUUUUUUUUUUUUT UUUUUUUP!!!!" He was good in
Jingle
All the Way too. Other Terminator stars include Michael Biehn
who
went on to do Aliens (also directed by Jim Cameron). Linda
Hamilton
kept busy too. She appeared in Children of the Corn. So
anyway,
you gotta see The Terminator. If you're in to sci-fi movies
about
half human/half automations, I recommend RoboCop, which I have
written
a review or three about. Check'em out. That's all for now,
and...
I'll be back.-
			

	While this film may not be as good as its successor, it is unquestionably
more impressive. Terminator 2 had a $100 million budget, the largest of any
movie that had yet been made. The Terminator was filmed, produced, and
distributed on a meager budget of $6 million. If you were to watch the
movie, you would never know it. The things that James Cameron was able to do
with such a limited budget is nothing short of remarkable.
Downsides: The 1980's style of this movie makes everyone look absolutely
terrible.  The soundtrack is also one of the worst ever
produced.
3.5 out of 5
			

Nowhere near as good as the sequal but it's still a pretty good movie.
Arnold plays in one of his first movies which made him the greatest action
hero star of all time! He plays the villian Terminator who has been sent
back in time to kill off Linda before she can have a child which will later
on save the world, and in the sequal you'll see her child. But a normal man
also has to protect Sarah. There is a nice love scene where Linda is naked
so that's a big plus and the action is pretty good for what I believe
originally was a B movie, watch this if you haven't seen it, but don't
expect anything near as what you get in T2
			

''The Terminator'' is a masterpiece. It might not be very much of a ''cinema
art''
                              experience but it sure is entertaining. The
actors are perfect ( who can say
                              Schwarzenegger isn't doing a bad job here )
and Cameron gets a great start as a
                              director. Cameron did many good movies later
on ( ''Aliens'' and ''Titanic'' of
                              course included ), but his greatest work ever
has got to be ''Terminator 2''. It's a
                              lot better, but to be on the safe side, watch
this movie first. 8.5 out of 10. 
			
Whilst I don't think this film is perfect, it is still a great watch.
Its action scenes are awesome, its characters are great...well minus
Sarah Connor who is quite annoying. I much preferred Kyle Reese her
more likable and better-looking counterpart. Although I guess they only
portrayed Sarah Connor like this to allow for more character-
development. For what he was, the Terminator was a terrifying villain. Merciless and
powerful.Also I liked how the film was peppered with humour to stop it from
becoming too dark. Read my review here to find out more: http://goo.gl/bVHdx3
			
Although this film has been almost completely overshadowed by it's
vastly superior and instantly classic sequel, Terminator deserves a
place among the greatest sci-fi action films of all time. What James
Cameron was able to accomplish with a measly six million dollar budget
is absolutely incredible. The style of the film is easily comparable to Halloween, the horror
classic which released six years earlier. An unstoppable antagonist
chasing down an initially weak protagonist. This game of cat and mouse
is thrilling, and would be perfected by Cameron in Terminator 2.The film has some flaws, most typical of lower budget and independent
fare. The score is primarily synthesizer sounds. Performances range
from good to bad Linda Hamilton certainly developed as an actress in
a big way by her 1992 return to the franchise. Effects are a
fifty/fifty between jaw-dropping and cringe-inducing, although it
should be noted that Stan Winston's designs are incredible in every
case.Overall, this is a wonderful film with a few minor issues, and should
be seen by anyone who considers themselves a fan of the genre.
			
'That Terminator is out there. It can't be bargained with. It can't be
reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it
absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are dead.' That's the best
line in 'The Terminator' and the main reason it works so well. Having
events wrenched out of your control is, like being tortured or falsely
imprisoned, a basic fear that the movie plays on very effectively. The
villain is completely without conscience, and has only one thing on his
mind  to track down Sarah Connor and kill her  and he keeps on
coming, no matter what. The Terminator is a terrifying character, and
watching him gun down various innocent people in the relentless pursuit
of his quarry gives the film a take-no-prisoners quality that grounds
it in reality while also working as an impressively complete time
travel story.The movie opens with a brief glimpse of an horrific future, one in
which machines have taken over the planet and driven humans almost to
the point of extinction. From this future, two men have travelled back
through time to 1984: the Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger), a cyborg
sent to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton), whose unborn son will lead
the human resistance against the machines; and Kyle Reese (Michael
Biehn), a soldier who has to stop the Terminator from succeeding in his
mission. At first, the movie is careful to obscure who the bad guy is
and exactly what they're both up to, and part of the film's success
lies in the slick exposition, which keeps the film tight and exciting.
Director and co-writer James Cameron displays an economy that would not
be a feature of his later films - at the outset, the film introduces
the three main characters efficiently, and from then on no time is
wasted: the script is tightly structured, the pacing is sure and the
story builds carefully.Unlike the megabucks sequel, this isn't a particularly expensive film.
The visual effects are rough round the edges, and the stop motion
animation effects are dated, but the endoskeleton scenes are still
fantastic, and I'll take obvious model shots over obvious CG effects
any day. The future war sequences, with huge tanks rolling over human
skulls, might not be too slick, but they still have an impact. These
scenes were better realised in T2, but they do the job. Brad Fiedel's
score works in the same way as John Carpenter's score for 'Halloween' 
simple and effective, pushing along with a cold, ominous, rhythmic
repetition that perfectly suits the Terminator's methods.The violence in the movie isn't too bloody, and it certainly isn't
gratuitous; a lot of people die, but it's all part of the story. For
instance, the most chilling scene in the movie comes when Sarah and
Reese have been taken to a police station and the Terminator turns up
at the front desk. He hasn't been created for subtle negotiation, so he
crashes through the doors in a car and proceeds to walk calmly through
the building, shooting anyone who gets in his way. The neutral
expression on the Terminator's face as he systematically guns down cop
after cop is really quite unsettling, and you're left in no doubt that
what Reese has said is true: he will never stop until he's done what he
came to do. The title character is Schwarzenegger's best role, and good use is made
of his imposing physical presence without him having to act too much,
which is always a good idea. Kudos to Cameron, though, for not relying
on Arnie's massive frame to make him an effective villain, but making
his programmed determination the most frightening thing about him. As
Reese, Biehn also gets the best role of his career; he's strong but not
obviously heroic, and he convinces as a battle-worn soldier. Hamilton,
an underused actress whose only memorable roles have been this and
Catherine in the excellent 'Beauty and the Beast' series, makes the
most of her part, toughening up believably over the course of the film
but staying vulnerable enough for us to care about her.While the three leads are taking care of the serious stuff, much of the
humour in the film comes from the supporting cast, like Paul Winfield
and Lance Henrikson as cops, and Earl Boen as the police psychiatrist.
Their interaction and morbid jokes sketch in a bunch of likable
characters. Biehn and Henrikson are Cameron favourites; another, Bill
Paxton, also appears early on as a punk, while Dick Miller pops up as a
gun shop owner, presumably as a holdover from Cameron's days with Roger
Corman. The cast is roundly solid, fun to watch and believable.'The Terminator' works because it takes on a gritty tone, places the
action in a realistic setting and is heartless with its characters.
It's one those movies that, like 'Die Hard', takes characters we like
and puts them through the wringer. By the end of the movie, everybody's
dirty, scarred and tired. Many of the people we got to know are dead,
the survivors are now in a world that's irrevocably changed (something
that the sequel built on). This is one of those movies that has you
walking carefully out of the room when it's over, checking round
corners even though you know there's nothing there. It's that unquestioning Terminator stare as he steps over various
bodies in his pursuit that gives the movie much of its effect, and
that's what stays with me. Near the start of the movie, since he
doesn't know which Sarah Connor he's looking for, he shoots his way
through the names in the phone book until he finds the right woman.
Cameron has arguably made better films since, but he's never recaptured
the efficient simplicity of this one.
			
I had seen numbers 2 and 3 of the series but not this one and so was
interested in going back to the origins after watching the latest
installment. I understand now why it was critically praised and strong
enough to launch a franchise. It also helped very much into
understanding some aspects of the last film. Actually, the first
Terminator struck me at how internally logical it was in its fictional
concept which is not an easy thing to do considering the inherent
pratfalls whenever time travel is involved. It just consistently made
sense compared to the plot holes of Salvation.The action was obviously much lower-budget but it felt right and it
looked good. The director James Cameron filmed some very effective
stunts that still hold up today. You could always tell what was going
on and follow the action. The terminator was an imposing menacing
presence. Arnold Schwarzenegger in the title role played it without
showing any emotion (which makes sense) while his massive physique,
ponderous movements and plastic looks (he does look artificial
sometimes!) sell the character. You could nitpick that the head of
Arnold was obviously replaced by a fake head sometimes (mirror scene)
but weirdly it kinda worked anyway into making him more creepy. The
other main roles, Sarah Connor and Reese, were played just right
showing enough emotion without going into overexagerated melodrama.
They were believable and likable. When reviews of Salvation complain
about lack of heart, you get it more when you see the characterizations
and character development here (even more so after Terminator 2).Since I already knew most of the twists, from having seen the later
movies, it is difficult for me to comment on them. However, I must say
they were well implemented and must surely have been effective back
then. The story was quite interesting and the glimpses of the future
were particularly engrossing. The soundtrack sometimes seemed a bit
weak with the synthesizers but one should see it as a "time capsule" of
the eighties (time the movie takes place and when it was filmed) and
basically it fits with the haircuts and wardrobes of the time. It's
worth a rental as a piece of sci-fi action history or a purchase if
you're a James Cameron, Schwarzenegger or Terminator fan. Be careful of
which edition you get as some versions with extras do exist. Rating: 8 out of 10
			
In 2026 machines have taken over and are killing mankind--but one man
is beating them. A cyborg (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is sent from the
future to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton)-the mother of that
man. Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) also goes back to prevent him from
killing her.Now legendary science fiction action film is every bit as good as its
reputation. It moves quickly and is full of action and violence almost
virtually nonstop. There are plenty of exciting high speed car chases
and a knockout sequence when Arnie basically decimates an entire police
station--and everyone in it. The special effects are impressive
especially considering this was a low-budget film. The plot is
intelligent and intricate--it treats its audience with respect. There
are some amusing things that date this--the VERY 80s music soundtrack,
the Tech Noir club (which has a $4.50 cover charge) and hysterically
bad clothes.The acting isn't that good. Schwarzenegger is perfectly cast as a robot
and Biehn walks through his role. Only Hamilton gives a good
performance--but who watches this for the acting? Also there are some
familiar faces in small roles--Bill Paxton (as a punk); Dick Miller
(the gun store owner); Rick Rossovich (as a doomed boyfriend) and Paul
Winfield and Lance Henriksen as police officers. Also this is the film
that gave Arnie his infamous "I'll be back" line.This movie has its lulls--it does come to a screeching halt when Reese
and Connor get to know each other (even though that sequence IS
necessary) and it does have to take time out to explain things. Still
this is an exciting, violent movie well worth catching. This rightfully
put director James Cameron on the map.Best line: "You're terminated f**ker!"
			
This is a good science-fiction movie, and I especially like the paradox
which involves the birth and existence of John Connor. Arnold
Schwarzenegger is good as the titular character since his role calls
for the acting skills he can provide: the acting skills needed for a
robot.The premise is simpler than I expected it to be: kill Sarah Connor to
prevent the birth of a hero named John Connor. Sadly, there is not much
characterization coming from Sarah Connor until the last few minutes of
the movie. It is disappointing that the focus of the film is on
Schwarzenegger since poor special effects make up the terminator's face
once he tears his own eyeball out.Sadly this film is nowhere on the same scale as the sequel, but I guess
being made 7 years earlier, this movie was bound to have lesser special
effects than the 2nd one. But it is not just the special effects; like
Alien being compared to Aliens, this film just has less action due to
less extras (in this case, less police) than the sequel, which makes
for a less exciting adventure movie.I didn't mind the movie, but I don't see all the fuss about why this is
so iconic. I have more interest in the characters as well as the action
in Judgment Day. Finally, I have to say it is really cool how The
Terminator is both on the top 50 villains and top 50 heroes lists
according to AFI.
			
A few dodgy f/x shots and some questionable mid-80s dance music aside,
James Cameron's 30 year old 'The Terminator' holds up and then some.
Like its title character, this movie is just relentless, always
charging straight ahead and only pausing long enough for some well
executed character development before setting off again.The cast is so uniformly perfect that you can't even imagine anyone
else in their roles. It was a star making turn for Arnold, and
deservedly so, but Linda Hamilton, and particularly Michael Biehn, are
also fantastic.We all know that the entire premise--clever as it is, and as well as
it's executed--doesn't hold up to much intellectual scrutiny, but in a
movie populated by cyborgs and such, I'm willing to give in and just
enjoy.
			
It's hard to believe that the original Terminator film was James
Cameron's first big budget Hollywood effort, well unless you count
Piranha 2: The Spawning.As I do.While hundreds of 80s films now gather dust in cupboards and shelves
across the planet housed neatly in brittle plastic VHS boxes  guys
throw them out, it's not coming back!  some films carry on to be
repackaged and repurchased in ever more pointless formats and editions.
Check out the "We mean it this time; Ultimate Edition", or my favourite
(and 100% real): TOTAL RECALL  Single Disc Edition!! Suffer all those
guys who foolishly bought the 2 disc version. Losers! So I think by now
with the prequels, sequels, threequels and nyquils that two visitors
from the future are sent back to change or preserve the future,
depending on what side you're on.The first is about 6 foot 5, nude and built like a heart with a head
and legs, and when he asks you for your clothes just give 'em to him,
it will lengthen your life expectancy.The second guy is an average guy that just seems skinny and scrawny by
comparison to the living tissue over metal exoskeleton guy, that may be
because he isn't 85% titanium and doesn't have a CPU in his head, or it
may be because Michael Beihn went to acting lessons instead of the gym
I guess we'll never know.Now the second guy is the good guy, his name is Kyle Reese, he knows
the son of the woman targeted for termination by the other big metal
guy, despite the fact that she isn't yet a mother  or even pregnant.
That chickie is Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton), and she works happily in
a local fast food restaurant and lives with her ditzy flatmate and a
giant lizard Wait, wait, wait Wait.WAIT! None of this is important. What matters is just how cool all of
this was then, and remarkably how cool it still is over 25 years later.The makeup effects on the damaged T1000 (Arnie as the bad-robot) are
awesome, and you totally forgive the fact that in a couple scenes it is
obviously an animatronic head when you realise that it still looks
really cool. Other scenes though that are definitely Arnold and you
could swallow the fact that half his face is peeled off and he is
filled with metal. The use of flashbacks  which are actually
flashforwards to the future  are all realised spectacularly,
especially when you understand just how low the budget was and how
low-tech some of the tricks they used at the time (Yes I watched the
special features), and once Arnie the exterior is gone and the shiny
and gleaming robot version of him mercilessly and relentlessly
continues its dogged pursuit of Connor it is still awe-inspiring.All this before I even mention that the guy teased for being so robotic
through his career is actually playing the robot. Arnie must have loved
this role, they actually told him to be more wooden than normal, so
instead of long speeches and pages of dialogue he gets to spit out
maybe 15 lines of dialogue in the whole film and one of them turned out
to be his own personal catchphrase even though James Cameron wrote it
for him! Well I'm out of exclamation points, suffice to say if you're
hanging around waiting for the next Alien Vs Predator, or you're
lamenting how The Expendables just wasn't that rocking and you haven't
seen The Terminator? Arise Sir Knight and head immediately to the video
store (if it still exists) post-haste to rectify your oversight.Final Rating  8.5 / 10. A pretty simple story is laid out over an
elaborate framework, then given a brilliant backstory. Add some
superior SFX and a mono-syllabic Austrian bodybuilder and you've got
yourself a timeless classic.
			
this is a brilliant film of course, but certain things do occur can put
a deeper slant on the plot if you analyse it.Firstly Kyle Reese's arrival in 1984 Los Angeles. We are given the
insight in the opening sequences that the world he comes from has
become a desolate hell, beyond imagination. So i find it a bit odd that
he should not be overawed with the relative comfort of 1984 and suffer
a spot of freaking out accordingly, not leg it into a department store
and try on a pair of Nike Sneakers. Also some pussy would probably not
go a miss either.Then the line that always gets me is the "Terminator is out there"
speech. OK fair enough but what if the Terminator had killed Sara
Connor? What isn't explained is what would the Terminator do until
1997? I like to think he would possibly go on an extended vacation to
Acapulco or something.I also find the scenes where Sara's friend is having multiples
listening to her Walkman to be a bit superficial as well, especially
when she goes into the kitchen and starts drumming with some celery.
			
The explosion of Arnold Schwarzenegger's career, the emergence of James
Cameron, and a couple classic one-liners are among the many things
"Terminator" brought into cinematic culture forever, but one of the
least considered gifts of this 1984 smash sci-fi action thriller is the
introduction of movie goers everywhere to "the future."A "terminator" cyborg (Schwarzenegger) is sent from the future with a
specific objective to kill a girl named Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton).
Hot on the terminator's trail, however, is a human from the future
named Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn) who must save Sarah. Why? Sarah is the
mother of John Connor, the leader of humanity's only resistance in the
future when our machines/computers turn on us. The machines, desperate
during this future war, have turned to time travel to completely
eliminate Connor's existence. "Terminator" is a story that takes place
in the present (well, 1984 present) but it's relevance is for the
future and does include some "flash-forwards" of what creator James
Cameron's man vs. machine apocalyptic future might look like. Most
significantly, it's film's first serious attempt to imagine where
science and technology might lead us.Sure, "Star Trek" and "2001: Space Odyssey" are among some of the ways
Hollywood has imagined the future, but those are much more fantastical
and not focused on Earth. "Terminator" is a much darker depiction that
strongly considers science, not on dreaming up crazy sci-fi gadgets and
the like. It's also more of an action thriller than sci-fi, seeing as
the action mostly takes place in the 80s. Basically, the Terminator is
an unstoppable force that follows Sarah and Kyle wherever they go no
matter how many bullets he takes or explosions he endures. It's a
non-stop thrill ride that really gets your blood pumping.While the movie thrives mostly on your amazement with the Terminator,
wondering if he'll ever be stopped and how much carnage you'll get to
watch along the way, eventually you get hooked on the future/sci-fi
element as Kyle tells Sarah all about what's going on or he tries to
convince the police to believe him. What makes each scene so
attention-grabbing, however, is the mechanical nature of the way
Cameron has shot this movie. Everything the terminator does is filmed
in a very sequential manner, using lots of angles instead of constant
camera movement. What's interesting is that he films construction
vehicles and other normal machines we're used to in the same way, using
close ups as if they're working on their own, without humans. It's his
way of using the present to foreshadow the future.The acting in the movie and love story that develops between Sarah and
Kyle are among it's biggest weak points. Hamilton is good, she really
stands out as the most normal, human thing about the whole film, but
Biehn is terrible as a lead actor. He comes across as creepy and odd
and you only like him because he's helping Sarah, so when she starts to
like him, you're kind of grossed out. Someone stronger would have made
this a nearly flawless action film. So while "Terminator' may seem like an example of a classic because of
Schwarzenegger and all the action and explosions, it really leaves its
mark as showing how capable Hollywood can be of creating an
entertaining AND believable future, inspiring future films (no pun
intended) to do just that.
			
what can one say about this movie.i mean it's a true classic,and was
way ahead of it's time,in terms of its vision.it launched director
James Cameron's career into high gear.it made a big household name of
of Arnie.his performance in this movie is pitch perfect as the title
character,an unstoppable killing machine.Linda Hamilton and Michael
Bien are also good.the effects were pretty good for the time,i
think,though there weren't that many.there is even a bit of humour in
the mix,with some great,memorable one liners.the movie definitely
leaves an impact,and has had a huge influence in popular culture,even
to this day.my vote for The Terminator is a very strong 8/10
			
"The Terminator" is arguably the role that Arnold Schwarzenegger was
born to play. It is, in my humble opinion, his best film. It's the only
time in his career, I believe, where he played a totally villainous
character with no redeeming qualities (forget about "The Iceman" in
that Batman film).Written and directed by James Cameron, the action and suspense are
non-stop from start to finish. And the best part is that Arnold has
minimal dialog, which I believe adds to the sinister nature of his
character.The Terminator (Arnold) is sent back to the present (i.e. 1984) from
2029 to terminate Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) who will give birth to
a futuristic leader, John Connor. Also traveling back in time is Kyle
Reese (Michael Biehn) who is sent by Connor to stop the terminator.We learn from Reese that the terminator is a cyborg, part machine, part
human who is programmed only to seek out and kill Sarah Connor. He has
no feeling and cannot be reasoned with. Two other women with the same
name are murdered by the terminator before Sarah realizes the Reese is
trying to help her. We also learn that neither Reese nor the terminator
can return to the future.The police, led by Lt. Ed Traxler (Paul Winfield) and Detective Hal
Vukoviich (Lance Henriksen) try to give Sarah police protection. When
the terminator tracks her down to the police station. Arnold utters his
now famous line: "Ah'll be back!" And back he is.The rest of the film has Reese and Sarah encountering and escaping from
the terminator until....................................Arnold makes a terrifying villain. Its a wonder, he didn't seek out
more such roles. Hamilton makes a fetching heroine. she was or was
about to be marries to James Cameron around this time. Watch for Bill
Paxton as the leader of the punks who confront Arnold at the beginning
of the story.Followed by two sequels where Arnold reprises his role, but as a good
terminator.
			
The Terminater: Huge and almost unstoppable, but not just a tank with
legs, it uses subterfuge and guerrilla tactics to hunt its enemy down.
It has an artificial intelligence that seems both human and machine.Reese: Was raised in a future concentration camp, instead of Nazis they
are run by machines and their credo is not to wipe out one race but all
races, all organic life. Sarah Conner: mother to a hero, but when we first see her she's just an
ordinary twenty year old with no major plans for the future.There are many great scenes in Termniater and a few duff ones, in
places the effects look great and in others the budget and technology
of the time make scenes look dated. The main theme of the film is
technology gone out of control, this was made during the height of the
cold war and 'a nuclear error' (to quote Joe Strummer) was on everyones
mind. the Termninater is a great screen villain, completely implacable
following his grisly programming without an iota of self doubt, truly a
'super soldier'. The cast turn in great performances even the minor
roles are well fleshed out, particularly the humorous interplay between
the 'seen it all before' detectives. It has a bleak apocalyptic ending
with Sarah retreating to the mountains of Mexico to raise John in
isolation to fight the future war.
			
The film tells the story of an apocalyptic war between the human race
and the machines we created. Sometime in the late 1990s a computerized
strategic defense network, called 'Skynet', is trusted to control the
American nuclear arsenal. Unfortunately, at least for the human race,
Skynet becomes self-aware and decides to eradicate all human life on
the planet. To this end it begins a global nuclear war, a war that
results in the total annihilation of two thirds of the global
population. From the ashes of the nuclear fire rises the first of the
machines, built in automated factories for one purpose  to hunt down
and eliminate the remaining humans. The newest of these machines are
the Terminators, infiltration units that are part man and part machine.
These unstoppable cyborgs are able to blend in seamlessly with other
humans; they feel no pity or remorse and will not stop until they have
accomplished their mission.The Terminator is a classic film that deserves to be part of anyone's
collection. It has a good storyline, features some solid performances
and has great special effects (if you consider the age of the film).
Arnie is perfectly cast as the Terminator, especially as he doesn't say
much (usually a bonus as far as his acting is concerned)! Check out the
2nd one it is better in allot of ways. The third one fits in as a good
end to the trilogy!
			

Starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Michael Biehn, Linda Hamilton. Sarah
Connor is an ordinary woman in the 80s, until a strange evil robot
called the Terminator comes back in time from the 2010s. It turns out
that an evil Corporation called Skynet created evil machines in the
future that wiped out humanity, and in the future, Sarah Connor's son
would be the one to stop the machines from taking over. That is why the
Terminator is trying to kill her.A man from the future comes to help her and keep her alive, and away
from the horrifying killer machine. A sci-fi film not to be missed.
Terminator is the first in its series.Grade: 8/10MPAA Rating: RMy Rating: Ages 15 and up (strong violence, some nudity, language, some
sexual content)

			

The Terminator is one of the best Science Fiction films ever made. Although
the plot is somewhat simplistic, the non-stop action and excellent
performances more than make up for the thin plot.  One of Arnold's best
performances (due to the lack of dialogue). Highly recommended for Sci-Fi
fans. My rating 8.8 on a scale of 10.
			
I imaging that in 50 years from now, or even more, people will still be
watching this movie withs lots of joy and respect. Even though the
movie its look is already outdated, it still is a movie that speaks to
the imagination and is both tense and spectacular to watch. "The
Terminator" is one of those movies everyone should have seen at least
once in his or hers life.What makes "The Terminator" already such a classic today is a
combination of certain factors. Of course the title character 'The
Terminator' played by Arnold Schwarzenegger is perhaps the biggest
reason. He doesn't have to speak any lines to make a lasting
impression. His presences and looks is more than enough to make his
character a classic one. Another element is the fantastic imaginative
futuristic story and concept, that is made totally believable thanks to
the professionality of both cast and crew. Action-director James
Cameron uplifts the movie with some dynamic action sequences and
shootouts, despite the movie its fairly low-budget.Lets be fair, "The Terminator" is a B-movie. The special effects are
below average, even for 1984 standards, the actors are B-stars (Michael
Biehn and Lance Henriksen, who I both really like as actors by the way,
are the biggest indication of this.) and the story is of course
incredibly B-movie like once you start thinking about it. The movie
however is really uplifted by mainly the directing from James Cameron
and the presence of Arnold Schwarzenegger. It gives the movie both a
sense of reality and tension as well as making it spectacular and
action filled.The movie has '80's written all over it. The clothes, the hair, and the
ultimate '80's music and musical score by Brad Fiedel, it's all
terribly '80's like which makes this movie perhaps a bit more outdated
than it is.Unfortunately the movie also has some (unesacary) slow moments toward
the ending of the movie. It doesn't really blend in with the rest of
the movie which is fast paced and action packed. I also was never a big
fan of the ending. Once Arnie seizes to be 'The Terminator' it's not as
tense and scary anymore.Other than that, this is a fantastic and already classic
science-fiction/action movie with thriller elements in it.8/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/
			
As a Christian I'll try by God's help to uncover the spiritual meaning
and influences of this movie, including the causes of its popularity
and enduring factor.I watched it more than 20 years ago, even before really believing in
God and His Son and my Lord Jesus Christ.At first sight Terminator seems to be a typical late 70s-early 80s
action/horror movie, which were mostly based during the night, like
early John Carpenter's movies Halloween, Attack on Precinct 13 and
Escape from New York, which adds to the fear factor, as having a
seemingly unstoppable and almost silent villain, who seems to represent
pure evil, barely stopped by a final girl.The cause might be rooted in the global politic and economical crisis
which was occurring then, lack of resources, large unemployment, rise
of crime, as well as fear of nuclear war.The difference is that Terminator offers a solution to these fears, a
savior figure who could deliver the humanity even from the case of the
worst  a nuclear holocaust.The main source of inspiration for Terminator is actually Christian
faith and the Bible, which already predicted a future Judgement day,
great tribulation, as well the Savior in Son of God Jesus Christ.I think it is by God's help that this movie was made, even in Hollywood
industry, a money-making business; but nobody likes pure materialism,
hence it is the spiritual subtext acts as a parable, assuring its
popularity, despite increasing apostasy from Christian faith and
worldliness.As God and Lord Jesus Christ said: "Therefore speak I to them in
parables: because seeing they see not; and hearing they hear not,
neither do they understand." (Matthew 13:13)Sarah Connor a young woman, a to be mother of the future savior, John
Connor. The names seem inspired from Sarah wife of Abraham, who
miraculously by God's help bore Isaac in her old age, as Bible says
"Through your descendant all the nations of the earth will be blessed,
because you have obeyed me" and name of Jesus Christ with initials JC,
led to Sarah and John Connor (JC).It is shown that in the future an artificial intelligence called Skynet
attempted to destroy all humanity by starting a nuclear war and
extermination of humans in death camps.However humans led by John Connor managed to defeat it, so to prevent
its destruction it built a time machine and sent a killer cyborg into
the past, called the terminator, to kill the mother of the unborn John
Connor, Sarah.Terminator acts like king Herod, who ordered killing of all children
from Bethlehem to kill also the king of Israel and Messiah Jesus
Christ, attempting to kill all women called Sarah Connor.The terminator seems to be influenced by earlier movie robot types such
as evil clone of Maria from 1920s Metropolis, also with deep Christian
influences.Having no shame, no guilt, no fear, no mercy, acting like a beast, not
a human, he seems to be inspired by image of the beast from the book of
Revelation "And he (beast of earth) had power to give life unto the
image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and
cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should
be killed. And he causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free
and slave, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their
foreheads.." (Revelation 13:5-6)In this lies conviction of those who are human in appearance only, but
are like beasts in their action, lacking love, care, goodness which
come only from God, who makes us human.To protect Sarah Connor, her son John sends one of his soldiers Kyle
Reese, as was mentioned in one internet article, acting as both angel
Gabriel and Holy Spirit of God, telling Sarah about her future son and
conceiving him in her.In this is the paradox enacted, the son acts like his own father, by
sending his real father to save him and conceive him from his mother.
It is close to the Christian faith notion of trinity, where God is
altogether Father, Son and Holy Spirit, as humans made in his image are
composed of mind, body and spirit, yet are one being.After a long round of chases, Sarah and Kyle manage to damage and burn
the flesh of the cyborg, as was prophesied: "And the beast was taken,
and with him the false prophet that worked miracles before him, with
which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and
them that worshiped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake
of fire burning with brimstone." (Revelation 19:20)By the last remaining bomb, the terminator is badly damaged, crawling
without feet, Kyle is killed and Sarah badly injured, unable to walk
too. Finally she manages to crush it under a press, reminding me the
Genesis prophecy from God about serpent aka Satan's fight against
humans and being destroyed by a hit to the head:"And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because you have done this,
you are cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field;
upon your belly shall you go, and dust shall you eat all the days of
your life: And I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between
your seed and her seed; he shall bruise your head, and you shall bruise
his heel." (Genesis 3:14-15)Thus i thank God and Lord Jesus Christ for giving me wisdom to uncover
it as an apocalyptic tale of struggle between Satan and Jesus Christ
who will win and will lead his people to the promised land, God's
Kingdom of Heaven.
			
Right from what i could gather this film appeared to be about a down
and out vagrant who seemed to muster up an elaborate story all for the
sake of getting into the panties of the waitress across the road that
he lusted over from the view he had of her from his cardboard box. And
all this whilst having peed off a German biker that he some how managed
to convince Sarah that he was a robot rather than the man he pick
pocketed last week at the local mall.A romantic tale of how one guy could cheat and lie for the affections
of the local waitress.Its a thumbs ups from me as i am quite a soppy guy ,i do love my
romance films so i am going to give this one a respectable 8, i was
going to give it a 7 but Arnie's superb acting made me give it an extra
star.
			
Every once in a while the conversation will turn to "favorite movies."
I'll mention Titanic, and at least a couple people will snicker. I pay
them no mind because I know that five years ago, these same people were
moved to tears by that very movie. And they're too embarrassed now to
admit it.I just rewatched Titanic for the first time in a long time. Expecting
to simply enjoy the story again, I was surprised to find that the movie
has lost none of its power over these five years. I cried again.... in
all the same places. It brought me back to 1997 when I can remember how
a movie that no one thought would break even became the most popular
movie of all time. A movie that burst into the public consciousness
like no other movie I can recall (yes, even more than Star Wars). And
today, many people won't even admit they enjoyed it. Folks, let's get
something straight -- you don't look cool when you badmouth this film.
You look like an out of touch cynic.No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults. Some of the dialogue
falls flat, and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers comes
together a little too neatly. However, none of this is so distracting
that it ruins the film.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are wonderful. Leo is one of the
fine actors of his generation. Wait 'til you see him in Gangs of New
York before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy. Kate Winslet
was so strong in this film. The movie really was hers, and she held it
together beautifully.James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a
completely believable Titanic. The sinking scenes were horrific, just
as they were that night. How anyone can say the effects were bad is
beyond me. I was utterly transfixed.This film is one memorable scene after another. Titanic leaving port in
Southampton. Rose and Jack at the bow, "flying". "Iceberg, right
ahead!" The screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean. The screams
of the doomed after she went down. And that ending that brought even
the burliest man in the theater to tears.The music, which has also been a victim of the film's success, was a
key ingredient. James Horner's score was simply perfect. And the love
theme was beautiful and tragic. Too bad Celine Dion's pop song version
had to destroy this great bit of music for so many.I confess, I am a Titanic buff. As such, I relished the opportunity to
see the ship as we never got to see it -- in all its beauty. Perhaps
watching it sink affected me more than some because I've had such an
interest in the ship all my life. However, I doubt many of those I saw
crying were Titanic buffs. I applaud Cameron for bringing this story to
the masses in a way that never demeaned the tragedy. The film was made
with such humanity.Another reviewer said it better than I ever could: Open up your hearts
to Titanic, and you will not be disappointed.
			

To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the
dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....who wants to hear it?  IF you
missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie, that's your loss.  The rest
of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think.  I am a
thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this
one stands in its own entity, in my book.  It was not supposed to be a
documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night.
It is the most amazing love story ever attempted.  I know that it is the
cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on.
Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How
lame is that?  It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the
planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet.  I will gladly side with
the majority this time around.
Okay, cynics, time to crawl back under your rock, I am
done.
			

I find it so amazing that even after all these years, we are STILL talking
about this movie! Obviously this movie wasn't THAT bad or else people
wouldn't even BOTHER to talk about it.  I personally enjoyed this film
immensly, and still do!  I guess this film isn't for everyone, but it
certainly did touch the hearts of many. As for those that think that this film is "overrated" or
"over-hyped"...well, we only have the movie-going public to thank for that!
lol*  You see, it's not CRITICS/article writers that make a film "HUGE" or a
"HIT" with the general movie-going public.  PEOPLE make the film a huge
success.  With Titanic, everyone was in awe.  Let's face it, a film like
this had never been made before.  At least not with the type of special
effects needed to really capture the essence of the ship actually sinking. 
This film is so accurate that even James Cameron timed the actual sinking of
the ship in the film with the REAL sinking that fateful day in April 1912. 
Even the silverware for goodness sakes matched!  Give this movie a break you guys!  The critics thought this movie would sink
BIG time!  When this movie actually came out and people started hearing by
WORD OF MOUTH (which is the BEST form of advertisement mind you) that this
was a good/decent/movie worth seeing, then everyone started flocking to the
theaters in droves to see this movie...not once, not twice, but maybe 3
times and more!  So, I really wouldn't say that this movie was
"overhyped"...at least not like the buildup for the MATRIX reloaded or the
HULK is being "overhyped".  ha!  Critics didn't even think that Titanic
would make enough money to cover Cameron's gigantic film budget that it took
to make this mammoth of a film.  However, the films money took care of that
200 million budget and MUCH more!  Personally, I LOVE this film.  However, this film might not be for everyone.
 DOn't say that this film sucks just because of romance though!  THat is the
most sexist thing I've ever heard! Disliking a movie just because it has
romance in it!  The story was sweet.  The dialogue could have been better,
but let's face it...the REAL star of the movie wasn't Leo or Kate...it was
that GIGANTIC Ship!    I think all of the actors including DiCaprio and
Winslet did a fine job.  It's not thier best work (I've seen much BETTER
work from both of them) but it wasn't the WORST I've seen on screen before. 
Give them a break!
			
This movie re-wrote film history in every way.  No one cares 
what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism.  Every
 flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie
 has going for it.  It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of
 us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to
 count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is
 hard to describe.  One for the ages.  
			
Back in 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton bans cloning research,
the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world
series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the big year
in the release of Titanic, one of the biggest films of all time: a tale
about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but
are torn apart by their social class and at the height of their
emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster. I don't think
anybody could have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie
was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them being
teenage girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course saw the
movie multiple times. It was the film that made me believe that the
love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the time I
felt that Titanic could do no wrong, of course I grew up and didn't
watch the film since I was 14, a couple years ago I saw the film on DVD
for 5.99 and figured that it was a good price and to see what I thought
about the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best
movie of all time? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know that's
silly to say, but I did re-watch the film. Being completely honest
here, Titanic is a great movie, it delivered in romance, humor,
disaster, emotions and took us on this incredible maiden voyage.The film starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of
the RMS Titanic, searching for a necklace set with a valuable blue
diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, they instead
discover a drawing of a young woman wearing the Heart of the Ocean,
dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns
of the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him she is the woman in
the drawing. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace,
Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the
first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the upper-class
17-year-old Rose boards the ship with her controlling fianc, Cal
Hockley and her desperate for money mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater.
Distraught and frustrated by her engagement, Rose attempts suicide by
jumping from the stern. Before she leaps, a drifter and artist named
Jack Dawson intervenes who convinces her not to jump. Jack and Rose
strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life,
and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching; their
bond deepens when they leave a first-class formal dinner of the wealthy
for a much livelier gathering of dancing, music and beer in
third-class. After revealing their love for each other and wish to
leave together when the ship docks, they then witness the ship's fatal
collision with an iceberg and now must escape together.So does Titanic live up to it's hype? I still say that this is a great
movie to watch, I think that there were and still are quite a few
haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it had
won a ton of awards and Leo Mania was born at the time. Everyone is
entitled to an opinion, but please don't let the haters bother you from
watching this great movie. It has great acting, amazing effects,
beautiful costumes, outstanding sets, a well-written story and still
looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit this movie didn't
get a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing
ability to cry on sight, this film is something special. Otherwise I
don't think we'd still be talking about it so many years later. Kate
and Leo had this amazing chemistry that in my opinion made it one of
the greatest love stories of all time. Despite the story not being the
most original with the rich girl loves poor boy plot, I think it worked
extremely well because they fit so well together. James Cameron, the
extreme perfectionist that he is, went over time and money budgets for
Titanic, but this was his baby and it paid off very well. James had
captured everything about Titanic and the sinking so well. He
respectfully shows what terror the victims went through that night and
made sure that this wasn't just a love story but to remember those who
lost their lives on the tragic voyage. He had every right in my opinion
to scream "I'm king of the world!" at the Oscars, because this movie
blew everyone out of the water(no pun intended), you know what? I'm
going to admit it, I love Titanic, even past my teen years I absolutely
adore this movie, it will always hold a special place in my heart, it
has too since I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it was
released. Remember one thing, be true to yourself, don't follow the
crowd, lovers or haters, if you go with the hype you're always going to
go crazy over a film before viewing it, then if you thought the film
was just alright for some reason it comes off as the worst movie ever.
I do recommend Titanic, it's a great one and sure to go down in the
classics one day.10/10
			
James Cameron's 'Titanic' is essentially a romantic adventure with
visual grandeur and magnificence, a timeless tragic love story set
against the background of this major historical event... It's an
astonishing movie that exemplifies hope, love and humanity... Leonardo DiCaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma... Conveying
passion, trust, insouciance and ingenuity, he's a free-spirited
wanderer with artistic pretensions, and a zest for life... Kate Winslet is absolutely lovely as the confused upper-class teen
engaged to a nasty rich guy who finds herself, one night, plunged to
the depths of despair...Billy Zane is an arrogant racist, abusive and ultra rich who would lie,
cheat, steal, bribe with money or even use an innocent young child to
escape defeat... He keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by Louis XVI...Kathy Bates is the legendary unsinkable Molly Brown, the richest woman
in Denver, who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on the
ship...Frances Fisheris is the impecunious cold snobbish mother who, deathly
afraid of losing her social stature, forces her daughter to become
engaged to marry a rich, supercilious snob...Victor Garber is the master shipbuilder, the real-life character who
attempts to fix time, to measure it, in a sense, to make it into
history... Jonathan Hyde is the White Star Chairman who wants the Titanic to break
the Trans-Atlantic speed record, in spite of warnings that icebergs may
have floated into the hazardous northern crossing...Bill Paxton is the opportunistic undersea explorer in search for a very
rare diamond called the "Heart of the Ocean." Gloria Stuart is the 101-year old woman who reveals a never-before told
love story... The nightmare, the horror and the shock are imprinted
upon her deeply lined face... 'Titanic' is loaded with luminous photography and sweeping visuals as
the footage of the shipwrecked Ocean liner lying motionless on the
ocean floor; the incredible transformation of the bow of the sunken
'Titanic' that takes the viewer back to 1912, revealing the
meticulously re-created interiors; the first sight of the Titanic
steamed steadily toward her date with destiny; the Titanic, leaving the
Southampton dock, and some dolphins appear jumping, racing along in
front of the luxurious ship; DeCaprio and Winslet flying at the ship's
front rail in a gorgeous magic moment; the intertwining of past and
present as Jack was drawing Rose on his paper, the camera zooms closely
on young Rose's eye, only to transform its shape into Gloria Stuart's
aged eye...Chilling scenes: Titanic's inevitable collision with destiny; James
Cameronin one of the most terrifying sequences ever put on film takes
us down with the Titanic, finally leaving us floundering in the icy
water, screaming for help that never comes...Winner of 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, James Cameron's
"Titanic" is a gigantic epic where you don't just watch the film, you
experience it! The visual effects are amazing, like no other film's...
The decor is overwhelming... James Horner's music intensifies the
emotions... The whole movie is hunting and involving, filled with a
wide range of deep feelings... It's truly a moving tribute to those who lost their lives on that
unfortunate ship...
			
It's a crying freaking shame that this outstanding movie's rating has
been dragged down by small people who hate it because it was
successful. You should be ashamed of yourselves. When I first saw it I thought it was the perfect movie, and it's still
one of my favorites 8 years later. It's got sexual tension, action,
social commentary, and the acting doesn't suck. It's even got Bill
Paxton, one of my top 10 criteria for a great movie. What's so horrible
about it that it deserves an aggregate 6.9? The only reason I can think
of is this perverse habit people have of hating anything that makes so
much money or is otherwise successful that it makes them doubt their
own worth. That's just sad, and you shouldn't take it out on an
innocent blockbuster.
			

When you have a film this big and successful, it just stands to reason that
a number of people are going to try to bash it. Especially when it happens
to be a romance. And sure enough, I am the only male I know who has anything
positive at all to say about it. Is all of the criticism warranted? Let's
see...Jim Cameron didn't need to create this huge-scale, heavily detailed
historical drama to prove to me he was a great director. This film did
pretty much convince the rest of the movie-going world, though. We all know
the story of this great luxury liner sinking to the bottom of the Atlantic
Ocean on that chilly April evening in 1912. The substantial loss of life
still ranks among the great human tragedies of recent history (9/11, Pearl
Harbor, etc). Cameron spared no cost of either time or money to make the
ship and its furnishings look exactly as they would have on that maiden
voyage. In terms of technical detail, this film is without peer.The cast is generally appealing. Leo DiCaprio is far from a world-class
actor, but his enthusiastic and earnest portrayal of Jack Dawson couldn't
have been done better. Kate Winslet looks right in her element as a pampered
young debutant trying to brake away from her boring life consisting of
endless dinners and tea parties. Kathy Bates as "The Unsinkable Molly Brown"
is always likeable and the rest of the cast (mostly Brits) does a good job
of filling out their respective roles of cast and crew. Billy Zane gives the
film's best performance as Winslet's greedy, snobbish fiancee. He is one of
our most underrated actors. And you have to love David Warner as his
bodyguard/enforcer. 
 
As far as the special effects go, it's hard to imagine the sinking of the
ship could have been filmed any better. Each time you view it, you seem to
get a different perspective of just how lucky any of those passengers were
to survive not only the actual sinking, but waiting around in life boats for
help to arrive. As of this writing, only three known survivors are still
alive. One can only imagine how many countless hours it took to conceive of,
shoot, and edit the last hour of the film. The results are
terrific.There are flaws in the overall mix, however. Some of the dialogue (Mostly
Leo's) is down right corny. "When you've got nothing, you've got nothing to
lose!" or "You seem like kind of an indoor girl" are two examples. Also, the
notion that a guy from steerage class could go up and mingle with the first
class passengers under any circumstances is not plausable. Keep in mind that
a first class ticket on Titanic in today's economy would go for $80,000!
These were some RICH people, and they wouldn't have let a guy like Dawson
near them.Anyone who watches this film will have to endure numerous scenes of sappy
romance. This film is a romance above all else. Just tough it out if it
bothers you. It's not that bad.This film is tragic, exciting, sensual, pretentious, corny, extravagant, and
even a little cheesy. And I love EVERY DAMN MINUTE OF IT!!!!!!!!5 of 5 stars.So sayeth the Hound.
			
Thirteen years after Titanic launched and all it takes is the first few
bars of that haunting music to transport me back to my first time
watching the movie in the theater. It was beyond comprehension - the
entire spectacle and production. I bought the books, read the history
books and found myself immersed in all things Titanic.I didn't hurt that my great, great aunt was on the ship and survived.
It makes it a little personal for me. In fact, I happen to own one of
the only objects in existence that came off of the ship into a lifeboat
and did not go into the water.Love the movie - it still is #1 in my book.
			
It really physically hurts me when i don't see it in top 250 in IMDb's
list.I am from India where the general perception of Hollywood movies
are that they are more action oriented big budget entertaining films.We
consider our films to be more emotional and poignant.However this movie is the most heart touching story i have ever seen on
screen.I could see people's faces with tears rolling down after
departing from the cinema hall.I could hear my father saying " Never
knew that these people could make such heart warming movies".Maybe i am
going a bit too far.But this is my way of paying tribute to the
greatest movie ever made.
			
Good Lord. This movie right here, it's a masterpiece. I am not
exaggerating when I say this. Tonight was the first time I watched
this. I watched some parts of it earlier, but I thought it would
probably be boring, and that I had better things to do. Tonight I
watched the whole thing with my grandmother. I was completely wrong on
that. This was the best movie that I've ever seen, and probably ever
will see in my entire life. Me and my grandmother were both in tears by
the end of it. There were two scenes which made me cry: the part where
the orchestra played "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and the end when all
those perished on the Titanic applaud at the kiss of Rose and Jack.
This movie was absolutely amazing and I would watch it over and over
again.
			
This is EXACTLY what I think: It annoys me when people say they don't
like this movie. Yes, it might not be a masterpiece but this was a damn
good cinematic achievement. Ben-Hur has a higher rating than this and
it's about a man and his encounter with Jesus. If they have an epic
with Jesus mentioned that is IN the IMDb top 250, then they should have
this movie in the Top 250. This was a very realistic movie. Yes, James
Cameron might have stretched some issues but they are very plausible.I always tear up when the music gets intense (anyone who has seen this,
will know what I mean) or when I hear the Academy Award winning song
that was in this movie (My Heart Will Go On) I tear up. This is the
ONLY movie that has made me cry. I don't think I'll find another epic
like this that'll make me cry.I've watched about 3/4 of all the movies in the Top 250 and at the very
least HALF of them are unworthy of the place they are in. Hell, about a
third of what I watched ought not to be on this list but maybe 150
places above the Bottom 100 and that's me being nice.People just have to watch this movie with ABSOLUTELY NO BIASED OPINION
or preconceived notion that they heard it was bad. That's how I came to
love it. It's now my favorite movie of all time.The effects are the best I've seen since the epics of the 50s. The
acting was brilliant and Gloria Stuart should have won Best Supporting
Actress for Old Rose. Hell, Kathy Bates should have grabbed a
nomination at least. Not a win, but just a nomination. Maybe Victor
Garber should have gotten a nomination for Best Supporting Actor. The
same with Jonathan Hyde. That's how believable I think this was. The
second movie to win 11 Oscars in cinematic history and THE highest
grossing movie of all time. This ought to be right up there in the
ratings with Ben-Hur.People have to think twice about the rating they gave it and give it a
higher rating. That's my opinion. I don't care what anybody thinks
about it, it is just out there. Like it or hate it, think twice on this
movie before giving it a low rating.15/10! That's what I believe.
			
Titanic is one of my all time favourite films. I'm a 24 year old guy
who has probably not cried in front of anyone since I was a kid, but
this movie plays on my emotions more than almost any other. We all know the ship will sink (does that even qualify as a spoiler?)
but the build-up to this event - the smugness and over- confidence,
assurances of it being "unsinkable" - tease the audience, almost to the
point where you're like 'is it really going to sink?'I thought the performances of everyone were magnificent: I cared about
the characters and their lives on and beyond the ship. Taking the time
to introduce everyone and weave their stories together was masterful,
even beyond the main characters, like Fabrizio and Murdoch the First
Officer and countless more. It was heartbreaking towards the end when
you see the panic gradually set in, and it slowly descends into total
chaos. You remember Jack telling Rose all the places he's going to take
her to and you imagine their love- filled lives together. The Irish
mother telling her children the fairytale, resigned to their fate. The
violinists trying to maintain a spirit of composure amidst the carnage.
And the music! Wow. I cried for all of this. And especially right at
the end when you see the photos of Rose's life, knowing she's fulfilled
her promise and survived, living a full life, probably never having met
anyone she loved as much as Jack all those years ago.Visually pleasing in every way, dramatic, musically astounding, great
acting and above all a fantastic story make this an undeniably iconic,
enduring film. A romantic-drama unlike any other. It deserves higher
than 7.7.
			
Even though some of the actual events did not occur in reality as
portrayed in the film, I feel as if the film portrayed the events to
the best of their ability. I thought that the film did a good job of
displaying the hardships and diversity between social classes. The
character's interactions and emotions about the situations and
conflicts they were faced with were also depicted well. Leonardo
DiCaprio (one of my favorite actors) and Kate Winslet play amazing
roles as Jack and Rose, and they do it justice! The connection and
relationship between the two is a story in itself within the film as
well as the ship's tragedy.As a young girl I watched this movie many many times with my
grandmother. After watching it so much I became obsessed with learning
about the Titanic. To this day I still enjoy doing research about the
actual ship, the people aboard, the engineers who built the ship, the
accident, the aftermath, and what is still being found in the bottom of
the Atlantic. Eve since I was young I have loved The Titanic. I hope
you do too!!
			
The work done off screen was completely worth it. I suggest you check
the trivia of the movie to understand that this movie deserves all the
Oscars it got and more. It is a timeless movie, with strong acting.
I've heard people complain bout the acting of the main actors, but
without strong acting the movie would have never succeeded as much as
it did. Leonardo DiCaprio was born for the role of Jack Dawson, he
makes the audience fall in love with him rapidly, and not just because
of his looks. Kate Winslet represents well the role of a young girl in
need of freedom. Everything about the movie was outstanding. The
setting is a very similar replica too the actual RMS Titanic. It is
very realistic since several characters did in fact exist. The special
effect are great, seeing in 3D must be quite the experience. The music,
My Heart Will Go On, also one of my favorite songs. I don't believe
there is anything bad to say other than "Why did Jack have to die?
couldn't they write a happy ending? why make people sad when you have
the power to make them cry of joy instead? I love you Jack! Rose don't
let go of Jack!" Once you overcome the extreme feeling of sadness and
anger because Jack was too nice and died, you realize that the movie is
amazing. PERFECT in every sense of the word.
			
Titanic was massive, and so is the movie. Watched it again, after a
long time, still as pure as in 1997.Love, emotions, sacrifices,
dialogue, screenplay, acting...and, slowly movie will takeover you.You
can watch this after a decade too, it will feel as fresh as before.
Kate and Leo is wonderful as Rose and Jack.Movie depict the downfall of
huge titanic and evergreen love story of Jack and Rose and James you
nailed it.And wait a love story cant be completed without a song.
Celine Dion did a true justice for this movie.Really a
masterpiece.Whether you like watching love stories or not, do watch
this.I bet you wont get disappointed.Its a must watch before you die.
			
I saw this movie in the theatre's back in 1997 and remembered it as a
brilliant movie. The cinematic experience was one of the best of my
life even though the story is tragic and very sad. I recently watched
this film with my 13 year old daughter. The magic is still there. This
is still one of the best movies of all time and perhaps the greatest
love story of all time. The new blue ray release is fantastic and James
Horner's score is still timeless. Great job James Cameron...for
producing a once in a lifetime film. Leonardo Dicaprio and Kate Winslet
were fantastic in this film and both deserved best actor/actress
awards.Don't be afraid to bring this one back out people... its still a
beautiful epic that will stand the test of time.
			
James Cameron creates a head spinning tale of romance and despair with
the characters of Jack and Rose and the tragedy of the Titanic sinking.
This movie is still captivating people everywhere over 15 years after
its original release. If one is searching for a solely historical account of the Titanic
sinking, then this is not the movie for them. While tying in key
historical elements, Cameron has stated that Titanic was not meant to
be a historical account but a love story. He does a wonderful job of
combining the tragedy of the sinking and the story of forbidden lovers,
but some historical events are not included. For example, many
reviewers ask why Cameron did not include the Californinan shutting of
its radio for the night. This scene was in fact filmed but then cut due
to Cameron feeling that "If Titanic is powerful as a metaphor, as a
microcosm for the end of the world in a sense, then that world must be
self contained." However, if you are looking for a beautiful, heart wrenching love story
with a historical setting, this is the movie for you. You can't help
but to be swept up in the elegance of the period. The costumes and sets
are lavish for the upper class and realistically drab for those of the
lower class. The dialogue is excellent, seamlessly creating a beautiful
story line. The special effects used along with gorgeous camera work
produce shots upon shots of heart stopping images. Winslet and DiCaprio
have undeniable chemistry and are extremely convincing in their roles
of wealthy and poor, respectively.Overall, this film is a must see classic for people of all ages. I have
seen it several times yet I always find something new to be in awe of. 10/10
			
In honor of the 100 year anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic, the
movie Titanic was re-released in theaters, digitally remastered and in
3-D. Having seen the movie in theaters in 1998 when it came out, and
loving it ever since, I was happy to go see it again in 2012. We owned
the VHS when I was growing up so I've probably seen Titanic at least a
dozen times. There's nothing quite like seeing it in theaters though.
It's a film of epic proportions in both budget and content, and I think
seeing it on the big screen does it incredible justice. I thoroughly
enjoyed seeing it there for the second time.I think many people criticize Titanic for the "cheesy love story". Jack
and Rose are the early 1900's version of Romeo and Juliet, complete
with a history that spans a mere few days, clashing backgrounds and of
course Jack's death at the end of the movie. They even have some corny
dialogue here and there (ex: "I'll never let go Jack. I'll never let
go."). In spite of that however, I thoroughly enjoy their story. I feel
that, unlike Romeo and Juliet, Jack and Rose's attraction to each other
is genuine. She loves him because he pulls her out of her shell and
shows her that there is more to life than money and social status. He
loves her because she takes a chance on him despite societal
expectations and loves him for who he truly is. I think it's great.
Call me a romantic but I'm a sucker for their story. On a side note,
it's so surreal to see Leonardo Dicaprio and Kate Winslet so young.
They've certainly evolved as actors since Titanic.What James Cameron and his crew were able to do with special effects,
construction and design in Titanic just floors me. Titanic is just so
horrifyingly authentic. Every scream, every person crushed from a
torrent of water, every piece of the ship ripped apart just looked so
real to me. I think that's why I like it so much. I don't get my kicks
from seeing people suffer, but there was something strangely beautiful
in how that movie was shot and how the action of the ship sinking
unfolds. I really felt like I was there with all those people. I really
appreciated just how many different scenes there were. They made it a
point to address many different parts of the ship, many different
people and many different horrific ends. So sad. So beautiful. I hope
that makes some sense.So now you know, I'm a sucker for Titanic. Guilty as charged.
			
3000 men worked for two years to build the most gigantic ship of all
time,The Titanic,the ship which couldn't sink. 2208 bid farewell to
southampton in april 1912.Little did they know that this unsinkable
ship was going to sink on its maiden voyage itself. Tragedy struck,1503
people died leaving the whole world shell- shocked. Good story for a
movie,right? So James Cameron decided to do it.Years of
obsession,research,plotting and 200 million USD went into making this
film making it the costliest and the riskiest film of all time. The
result? Titanic became the highest grossing movie ever and is still the
2nd highest grosssing film of all time,only 2nd to james cameron's own
avatar. What makes the film so special? Its the way it unfolds,the way
it is engineered by cameron. The writing,special effects are beyond
brilliant,the fictional part of the film has become iconic,everything
clicks. When the movie starts,during 1st few seconds,the background
music plays and right there you know that this film is going to be
special,it goes on for more than 3 hours and in those 3 hours,we are
told the great story of the titanic. We get to experience the splendour
of the ship,know the perspective of ALL the characters and that in my
opinion is where the film wins. Cameron lets us to see the things from
every character's perspective,be it jack,fabrizio,rose,her mother,her
fianc,her fiance's right hand,the captain,the passengers,EVERYONE. We
see how they see things and it is amazing. The tragedy is shown in
perhaps the best possible way.The thrill,the tension,the
fascination,the grandeur,the love,the tragedy,in these 200 minutes,we
experience it all. Kudos to Cameron for making this unforgettable and
immortal piece of cinema which will be watched and loved by generations
to come. From a guy who has seen the whole film in excess of 130 times
and is still in awe of this magical story,here's a piece of advise-
watch this film now if u haven't. It will stay with u for a very,very
long time. U don't watch titanic,u experience titanic. The best of the
best!
			
I can't explain how much I like the movie. The work done by James
Cameron is amazing and his best!. Leonardo and Kate have done their
best to really make this film a realistic and romantic movie. The way
all characters blend in is like they are the most excellent chosen
characters for the movie, and they really are!. The directing and
editing are also at their best. James Cameron has mixed reality and his
fiction story and made the finest romantic movie. It is so much amazing
that every human in this world cries at the end. And we can't forget
songs. The song of this movie is best romantic movie and saddest song
of the world. Simply a masterpiece by Celine Dion. Everything of this
movie, the directing, songs, acting, editing, are masterpieces in movie
industry and every one believe that. No one can deny it.
			
I know it's been over 10 years since this movie but I recently watched
this on blu-ray and just felt like reviewing "Titanic." I am not really
a big James Cameron fan, I only like three of his works. But, "Titanic"
is his masterpiece. He takes the tragedy of the ship and puts a love
story spin on it. I like this aspect of it, especially when you know
what the outcome of Titanic is. The viewer gets the happy feeling of
Jack and Rose falling in love and the entire time you are wondering how
things are going to turn out for these two. The way this movie is shot
is nothing short of perfect. The destruction of the ship, the chaos
that ensued and how the people felt both on and off the ship. It makes
the viewer feel like they are there and can feel how the passengers
felt. "Titanic" invokes every human emotion and that is really rare in
movies today. James Cameron was able to do the impossible with this
project and carried away 11 Oscars. Simply extraordinary. "Titanic" has
been loved and enjoyed for nearly 15 years and will continue to be
loved and enjoyed for many more.
			
This is going to be a short review for Titanic.Plot: The plot of the film is really amazing. If you want a three-hour
long love story, this is the movie for you. Another movie worth
watching is "A Walk to Remember", starring Mandy Moore and it is a
movie that I have seen and it is spectacular. The entire 196-minute
picture centers around two lovers: one rich girl named Rose DeWitt
Bukater and poor artist Jack Dawson (portrayed nicely by Kate Winslet
and Leonardo DiCaprio) as members of different social classes who fall
in love aboard the ship during it's ill-fated maiden voyage.Characters and Story: James Cameron wrote a story that shines out, but
the dialogue is very clichd and cheesy in a few areas. The characters
are all well portrayed and I give to the two main actors, also credit
to Billy Zane, who plays Cal, he is the character you want to hate.
Kathy Bates, Bernard Hill, Frances Fisher, Johnathan Hyde, Danny Nucci,
David Warner, Bill Paxton and the late Gloria Stuart, who plays older
Rose in this film and she should have deserved an Oscar.Visuals: This is where the movie shines. James Cameron wanted to make a
movie about the Titanic and it shows, with it's $200 million dollar
budget and he made this movie historically accurate as possible. The
ship's sinking scene is one of the coolest thing they could do with CGI
and practical effects and it is awesome.Sound / Music: The music is awesome and fantastic. James Horner
composed a musical score and he is fantastic. The film's theme song,
"My Heart Will Go On", performed by Celine Dion and I love it and a lot
of people has did covers of this song and I listen to this version and
it was fantastic.Enjoyment: TITANIC is a good classic, epic romantic disaster film that
I have no problem watching once in a while. The film won 11 Oscars
including Best Director, Best Picture and Best Original Song. It made
$2 billion dollars worldwide and it is just fantastic. 10/10.
			

Can I just say that Kate Winslet is magnificent in her portrayal of Rose.
The emotions she shows in her facial expressions and pitch and tone of voice
are something to behold. Billy Zane as the dastardly Cal is also quite
superb. Well done to all concerned on the movie, and I wait with eager
anticipation for the Directors Cut on Video. 
			

IT WAS REALLY A GOOD MOVIE.IT SHOWS THE PANIC OF THE PEOPLE
IN TITANIC WHO ARE ABOUT TO DIE AND HOW CRUEL THEY BECAME!
THE LOVE STORY PART TAKES AWAY OUR SADNESS TILL JACK'S
DEATH!
YOU MUSTN'T MISS THIS MOVIE!IT IS REALLY WONDERFUL!!!
			
"In every age mankind attempts to fabricate great works at once
magnificent and impossible" - Titanic the musical Like the Titanic
itself, this movie is a masterpiece that stands the age of time. It
gives me the shivers every time I watch it. I love this film not for
the love story but for the depiction of every passenger on board. You
see the hopefulness in every one when boarding, not knowing what awaits
ahead. And you see the tragic horrors unfold as the Titanic sunk.
Cameron portrayed the human condition when everyone fights to survive
and the social differences very well.Considering this is a 1997 film, it's still better than a lot of new
films today, both story-wise and special effects wise.
			
You can watch this movie in 1997, you can watch it again in 2004 or
2009 or you can watch it in 2015 or 2020, and this movie will get you
EVERY TIME. Titanic has made itself FOREVER a timeless classic! I just
saw it today (2015) and I was crying my eyeballs out JUST like the
first time I saw it back in 1998. This is a movie that is SO touching,
SO precise in the making of the boat, the acting and the storyline is
BRILLIANT! And the preciseness of the ship makes it even more
outstanding! Kate Winslet and Leonardo Dicaprio definitely created a timeless
classic that can be watched time and time again and will never get old.
This movie will always continue to be a beautiful, painful & tragic
movie. 10/10 stars for this masterpiece!
			
Greetings from Lithuania.I'm a Titanic buff. Read lots of material, watched countless
documentaries about the tragedy. I'm a movie buff as well - and it gets
me every time i watch this unforgettable piece of work. This is a storytelling it's at is best. Visuals are outstanding even at
this time, after 16 years - Titanic is aging wonderfully. The actor,
all of them, did a very strong job, and i loved the two leads. I can
not understand why is there so much negative buzz about this film. They
say it's to chezee. You can throw a rock in me if you haven't saw more
chezee stuff years after (Twilight and all the dancing shxx "movies"
comes in to a mind first). Well i guess lots of people will always hate
what is popular and at the same time really good - and that's a rare
combination. Movies like this aren't made every day to say the least,
and it's shame that so many people trashes them. Well, you can always
just ignore them. Titanic is outstanding motion picture in every possible way, and it got
what it deserved - 11 Oscars, 1,6 milliard at the box office and hardly
nforgettable journey - it's hardly gets better than this.
			
Well what can I say you gotta love a good disaster movie set on real
events and Titanic checks ALL the boxes for a good movie. Set in April
1916 the movie opens with an elderly woman named Rose(played by the
late Gracie Stuart)who talks to the reporters(one played by Bill Paxton
from Mighty Joe Young) and she talks to them along with her
granddaughter about the story of the Titanic. So we cut in to see all
the people being sent aboard the famous ship and we see a younger
looking Rose(played by Kate Winslet who looks so different with her
dyed red hair)and her boorish fiance played by Billy Zane(from The
Phantom)who is by her side as she sets sail on the ship. Meanwhile a charming man named Jack Dawson(played by the gorgeous
Leonardo Di Caprio before he morphed into Eric Dane's love child now)as
he and his mates are playing cards so his friend decides to abort the
ship with him as he yells the famous line IM THE KING OF THE WORLD.But
later in the film Jack falls in love with Rose while his staying on the
ship and the two become really close with each other. But what will
Rose's boorish egotistical fiance think of it??.This film maybe 3 hrs long but its definitely worth it. The music by
John Horner is brilliant there's this one scene I can recall where Jack
and Rose are dancing to some Irish music and they had a lot to drink
and their smiling and laughing at each other,THAT was just so well
done. Also you gotta love the Celine Dion hit My Heart Will Go On.The story is brilliant in fact this is what REALLY happened on the
Titanic and if you come across another movie that says Titanic: The
Legend Goes On I suggest you avoid this one and watch this overrated
flick instead of it as the animated version well if you seen it you
know what its like.Also I loved the chemistry between Winslet & DiCaprio which was so
realistic and genuine. Bottom line if you haven't seen it then check it out im telling
you,that you won't regret it. I seen it a million times before and if I
catch it again on TV at an earlier time than i'll watch it again.10/10
			
Titanic is my all-time favorite film. This film breathed life back into
the Hollywood epic. Sadly, many people don't see it as an epic. They
see it as a romantic chick flick that only focuses on the love story.
But contrary to popular belief, the film focuses just as much on the
ship as it does on the love story. It blends fact and fiction so well
in a way that you rarely ever see on film. Movies like this are very
easy to make, but there's very hard to make well and almost impossible
to make great. It is also probably the most emotional moving film I've
ever seen. It's the only movie that made me genuinely cry. It also has
one of the important life morals: only life is priceless and making
each day count. Although, I do have to admit that the dialogue is
predictable and at times stilted. But that doesn't stop it from being a
masterpiece. Because there is nothing in the film that I would improve,
I'm giving it a 10/10 RATING.
			
The movie opens as researchers try to find out diamonds inside the
wreck of the real titanic, which gives us the first full look of the
wreck of the unsinkable ship which was a bit emotional. Bill Paxton
finds 85 years old diary which hold the drawing of the naked women &
then later on it's been telecast on TV. The movie goes into flashback &
here comes the glimpse of the beautiful ship titanic. The bunch of
characters appear in the movie at the port of Belfast, which also
includes the male leading start Leonardo winning the ticket of titanic
on the lucky hand of poker. The movie literally gives you the feeling
of viewer being inside of the ship & according to the facts everything
in the movie is been re-designed from the furniture to the decks,
lamps, the door way, life boats, & along with the engine room.The real movie beings after Rose decides to suicide jumping from the
rear end of the ship & Jack take her mind off the track & saves her. As
the movie continues Jack & Rose starts to meet up regularly at the
different parts of the ship, while on the other hand Rose mother & her
fianc Cal doesn't like Rose spending time with lower class standard
jack, but still young hearts were attracted to each other. The best
scene in the movie according to me is the flying scene of Jack & Rose,
which makes rose realize that she is in love with Jack too. The movie takes sudden turns when on the same night titanic hits the
iceberg, which in short left my eyes wide open, as it has been directed
& executed very well, & then the final chapter of the maiden voyage
beings the sinking of the unsinkable titanic. The final hour of the
movie filled with reality & the disaster which people till now hasn't
forgotten. People struggling to survive & the real history how
traveler's were saved into the life boats are the key scenes of the
movie. Some true scenes like the Creator of titanic Thomas Andrews died
while standing near the dining clock & was last seen, the steamer
falling on the jacks brother, third class traveler's were treated
during the sinking scenes. The breaking apart of ship are the most
shattering scenes in the movie. There is no doubt even today in 2012 still I wonder what James Cameron
has achieved in the special effects put into this movie, the year 1997
the worked on their best special effects effort to keep this movie
alive even for the upcoming generation to watch on. The soul of the
movie is the background score of this motion picture which is composed
by James Horner every piece of music is been composed specially to suit
the scenes of this movie itself, from the opening sequence to
de-porting of titanic to Rose theme & the sinking sequence. James
Cameron specially recorded the score of the movie with real orchestra
the team of James Horner. In one the interviews of the making of Avatar
one of the viewer asked him " what if you get a chance to direct
Titanic again, what would be your experience in making it " ?? and he
answer if I would have been given a change to direct titanic again, I
will finish titanic within a month very easily cause of hugely
availability of special effects team, cause for titanic I had to wait
for some shot for days. For example the shot of Rose & Jack on the
front end of the ship kissing each other, he had to wait for days to
get proper sunset in the camera as special effects that time weren't
that advanced like how they are today. In one word you're a legend
Cameron. The wreck shot of ship were taken in the year 1995 2 years
before the releasing the movie into theaters. Till now whenever I watch
this movie I still feel I'm watching it for the first time & somewhere
there are tears in my eyes specially in the scene where rose steps into
the life boats & Jacks watches her going away, oh geez that particular
scene gets tears in my eyes every time. I am now waiting for the
special edition of this movie to be released in 3d blu-ray. True facts about TITANIC Titanic was constructed to be unsinkable ship
of that time, but the creator of the ship Thomas made 3 biggest
mistakes in constructing the ship. The propeller of the ship were taken
directly from the design of the 18's century cruise liner, the water
tight compartments had one the major flaws which over flowed the water
from the upper decks, the propellers turning radius was not designed to
turn ship quickly as the ship size was way bigger than the propellers
could bear it during the full stern. On the night of sinking titanic received 5 iceberg warning, but still
they ignored the warning & continue sailing. The final decision by the
Mr Murdoch to reverse the engines & turning the ship to evade iceberg.
The decision not to carry enough life boats cause it ruins the overall
look of the top deck & it was initially decided to carry just 8 life
boats, but later on more 12 boats were added. The distress call from
titanic was actually received by the local streamer waiting for the
morning to sail again couldn't reach for help as the streamer couldn't
see the titanic as the sky was full of twinkling stars which
interrupted the them to see through binoculars.The crew lost their binoculars on the night ship hitted the iceberg.My rating  10/10 !!!!!!!
			
James Cameron's epic 1997 "Titanic" is a visually spectacular,
captivating and beautifully told love story set amongst the backdrop of
the doomed dbutant voyage of the 1912 RMS Titanic. With superb
performances, tremendous special effects contributing to the famous and
absolutely mind-blowing sequences of the Titanic during it's final two
hours as it sinks, "Titanic" is a timeless masterpiece, and I was
fortunate enough to have seen it in all it's glory in 3-D in the cinema
two weeks ago. The film details the journey of the Titanic from the
beginning of its journey to its final resting place at the bottom of
the ocean. Cameron directs this very emotional and captivating film
with such a hold on us, that its no wonder that it is often hailed as
one of the most breath-taking dramas ever made.It begins with some amazing footage of the wreck of the Titanic, which
Cameron himself went down to film at the bottom of the Atlantic. It's
no surprising really as the man directed the underwater epic Sci-Fi
film "The Abyss" in the late 1980's which featured some spectacular
underwater imagery. Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) has a dive team down
here searching for a rare diamond necklace that legend has it is still
down amongst the wreck. It's priceless today. A 101 year-old woman
named Rose hears about this on the news, and gets in touch with him. It
turns out that she was a passenger on the Titanic and she meets with
the team and tells them her story. When Rose (Kate Winslet) was 17, she
boarded the ship with her mother along with her future in-laws, the
Hockley's. Rose had been pressured into a marriage with Cal (Billy
Zane) because all her father's money was gone and he had left them with
a string of debts, leaving Rose with no other choice but to marry this
arrogant and abusive man. The narration carries the flashbacks along,
as we meet a young woman who is extremely depressed and feels as though
she is 'screaming at the top' of her lungs but no one is hearing her.
One night, she contemplates suicide by diving off the back of the ship,
but she is rescued by Jack Dawson (Leonardo Di Caprio) a young, poor
man from steerage. Over the next two days, Jack and Rose become close,
eventually falling in love as they make promises to keep despite the
obstacles ahead of them, with Rose swearing that she is getting off the
ship in America with Jack. But then the ship collides with an iceberg,
and everything goes to hell.It had been at least ten years since I'd last seen "Titanic" before I
caught it in 3-D a few weeks ago, but still, I was quite surprised as
to how much of it I remembered once it was salvaged from the back of my
mind. Kate Winslet and Leonardo Di Caprio are superb, and have great
chemistry together. It's funny now to watch Di Caprio back when he was
just a young man, after his recent films in the last view years in
which he has asserted himself as quite a tough guy ("Shutter Island",
"Blood Diamond"). Billy Zane plays an absolute bully, but I love his
performance the most in the film because of how well he performs. Kathy
Bates plays an American woman who is 'new money' as Rose's mother calls
her because she would be in steerage only for her husband finding gold
somewhere in America years ago. She's the 'unsinkable Molly Brown', and
proves to be the only decent, humane person in first class after Rose.
"Titanic" was the most expensive film of the 20th century  with a
budget of $200,000,000. Despite the romance coming across as a bit
corny in places (and a bit far-fetched that they'd be so in love after
just two days) "Titanic" holds up because of the amazing performances
and the superb direction by James Cameron. The special effects are
truly magnificent, and the music composed by James Horner is beautiful
and adds to the emotions that run right through the entire film. The
supporting cast are all superb, and everything from the sets, the props
to the editing are flawless. One needs to see it a few times before
they can truly appreciate everything that is on offer here, and realise
how well it was made. "Titanic" is deserving of every bit of praise it
has received, and is a timeless masterpiece.
			
I just went into the movie theatre to see my all time favourite movie,
Titanic by James Cameron, in all its brilliance.It's just like those 15 years have never happened. It's so utterly
sweeping to watch this huge vessel rising up in the screen. Cameron
outstandingly managed to shoot his sequences comparing sizes against
each other which - by their contrast - brings so much emotion to
something we only perceive in real life: size.After watching the movie, I can't believe this is a 2D to 3D
conversion. This is not just a diorama kind of 3D conversion; watching
the movie it's hard to believe it was not shot in 3D originally. Even
in real life action scenes Cameron stems the task of creating realistic
3D perspective throughout the movie. It must have been hell to mesh all
the fringes in each and every of the frames. Well, as I learned now, it
took 60 weeks and 18 Million dollars to work on this. That gamble payed
off very well.Not to mention all the emotion that comes with the story. Cameron is a
wizard of timing. One moment the audience is just deeply moved by
romance, when it gets torn out right the next moment by fear, anger or
laugh.This is a very emotional film. There are so many different fates one
can as easily think his/her way into. In 1997 I have been crying about
what I saw in a movie - I was baffled, because this happened for the
first time in my life... Now in 2012 I was crying, laughing, fearing so
much all the way again, together with my girl friend.We personally feel so much like Rose and Jack. There are so many
details in the movie that match our situation, up to tiny things like
dancing barefoot or the butterfly as a symbol for freedom at heart and
escape from family's restrictions.To all those who don't like the movie, here's my advice: NEVER watch
this film on TV! You can only appreciate this precious work of art in a
movie theatre. - I never saw this movie on TV and I never will. But
when it'll come back to the theatre's in a couple of years, I'll be
right back to watch it there.
			
The movie is a total perfection.When it appeared back in 1997 and i
watched for the first time it leaved an influence on me what no other
movie had. Maybe The Lord Of The Rings ,maybe not :), that movie is
another greatness of the film-making.Coming back too Titanic with the record $1,835,300,000 Worldwide Box
Office that is still no.1 after 11 years is amazingly great.I cannot understand the users of IMDb because this movie is not in the
top 250 movies . That is shame ,this movie it is at least in the top 5
greatest movies ever not too mention in the top 250 .A movie at least
8-9 out of 10 ,IMDB USERS!!! Wake Up and see the movie again because
you seen something else. I cannot find another top with movies
somewhere else where Titanic is not included.The movies prior theme beside the ship's history is the greatest human
feeling :love what is universal and timeless.The picture presents us
the meaning of true love. Our main characters Jack the poor artist and
Rose the rich girl from the first class made us all cry even if we
willing too recognize or not.Inn all lines the movie makes us think if we can go further after
loosing the the most precious person in our life.We'll we can go on
because life must goo on but it will remain in our hearts forever. With no doubt this is the best movie directed by James Cameron, among
his other great achievements. James Horner's soundtrack is simply
beautiful and completely matches with the movie ,there is no surprise
that his soundtrack album has been sold with 30 million copy'sThe movie is the greatest achievement in cinema ,it is the top of the
pyramid...
			
One of The Best Movies At All The Times there are great scents at this
movie and really this is more than a movie.it has an excellent score and song.they are so deep.also titanic has won 11 Oscars in 1998 Leo and Kate played very good at
this movie.also Kate Winslet is very beautiful actress.the start and end of this film was very good.the scent of jack's death was so deep.in my idea 14 Oscars nominations and 11 wining was worthy for titanic.absolutely it was the best movie of James Cameroons.
			
"Based on the tragedy that spawned thousands of heartbreaking true
stories, comes this fake one." It's time to decide: was it insensitive
and somewhat cheap of James Cameron to throw two made-up passengers who
fall in love onto the ship? Or did these two characters offer the
audience an anchor to hold onto as we are guided through the dreadful
events of April 15th, 1912? Without a doubt, the latter. The fictional
story of Jack and Rose never distracts from the tragic true story, it
cinematically enhances it. We never ever miss the bigger picture.First of all, just look at this film. The resplendent wonder of the
film's set design, both interior and exterior, places you right on
board. It looks and feels the part. And when the inevitable disaster
strikes, Cameron grabs onto you and drags you through each painful
moment in striking detail. The sinking of the Titanic is brought to
life with exquisite attention to detail and astonishing visual effects.
It makes for the greatest disaster scenes in any movie I've seen.However, a Roland Emmerich or Michael Bay film this is not, as Cameron
never allows the spectacle to distract us from the agony of it.
Watching the Titanic being destroyed is not fun or, in its broadest
sense, exciting - it's intensely distressing. Unlike most disaster
films, it never feels like we're watching a crowd of extras on a film
set flailing around. The lead up to the iceberg strike engages you so
convincingly in the period, such that each person in front of the
camera has been imbued with rich character. And when the ship sinks, it
genuinely shocks you to see them go. For a good part of the sinking,
Jack and Rose's fictional plight is quite sensibly placed to one side,
giving us time to reflect on the truth and how it would have felt to be
aboard the ship that horrifying night.So aside from its sweeping spectacle and moving depiction of real-life
tragedy, what does the story of Jack and Rose bring to the table? In
spite of how persuasive the film is, one must remember - it's
ultimately a work of fiction, not a documentary. Like any period drama,
it is an interpretation of how society worked at the time. Jack and
Rose, as well as being beautifully played by DiCaprio and Winslet, are
incredibly well crafted. They are a window into a much more subtle form
of racism, which is still prevalent today. It's called class, and in
the latter half of the movie, it becomes a tool with which to decide
who lives and who dies.Titanic has pretty much anything you can ask for. It's a romance; it's
a disaster movie; it's an action film; it's got a sense of humour and
wit; it's a period drama; it's a tragedy. Summed up, Titanic is about
as perfect a cinematic experience as you're ever likely to get.
			
The greatest film in the history of mankind, the most engaging love
story ever made, this film has mesmerised me like no other on the face
of earth. After watching once in childhood I watched this on again at
the very start of 2011, and have ever since watched it a thousand
times. I am such a huge fan of this film that I have even dedicated a
poem to it, consisting of 53 verses (a shame I have never shared it
online fearing plagiarism, a fear quite justified given the number of
fans it has online). I also watched it at a cinema when it was released
in 3D, on the 14th of April 2012, either hours or a day short of the
tragedy's 100th anniversary!Each time I watch this film I tend to stay quiet a few hours afterwards
and usually have that heaviness in my voice; it just affects my like no
other film can. Just to avoid looking like an emotional fool, I usually
start a conversation with anyone who happens to be sitting next to me
so that I don't end up being in tears at the scene when Jack dies.The great thing about the love story was the joy that you so felt for
them. So many hurdles stood in their way, there were so many things to
fear from, yet they bore every hardship simply looking into each
other's eyes. It is one great display of what the power of love is and
what love can make us do. They way they rescue each other from one
situation to the other, and the way the whole story builds up, and that
once in a lifetime tragic ending scene, it is masterly work by James
Cameron.Besides that, the whole depiction of the way the ship sinks, the horror
in the end, the way the people die by either 'slipping' from it or in
the freezing cold, the panic shown at the time it hits the iceberg, all
of it is pure brilliance!Lastly, it should not at all be criticized for not being historically
accurate, as for that you better watch a documentary film. They had to
put up a build-up to the disaster that it was.
			
DEFINITELY ONE OF GREATEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME! THIS IS ONE OF MY MOST
FAVOURITE MOVIES OF ALL TIME! Titanic is complete! We can find love
(that's the main theme), action (the sinking ship), a little story of
friendship (Jack and his buddy), religious moments, beautiful scenery,
and many values.This is a multi-layered movie of which people can see from different
views. I'd like to say that this one of most Oscar winning movies is
full of values through which people can learn more about life. It won't
be boring to watch it over and over again, and even when we watch for
the 10th times, we still can get something new from the movie, either
new moral message we just notice that moment or a scene we've possibly
forgotten.Through this one of highest grossed movies of all time, I get Leo as my
most favourite actor.I've watched it 12 times and still plan to watch it again, sooner or
later. Thank God for this movie...
			
This is truly one of my favorite movies of all time. With a amazing
cast of wonderful actors, great dialogue, and an unforgettable plot.
This movie ties with The Abyss as the greatest James Cameron movie. I
mean don't get me wrong Avatar is a great movie with a good plot and
unbelievably spectacular special effects and CGI, but unlike Titanic, I
can't watch it over and over again like Titanic or The Abyss.This is a movie of epic proportions, and knowing quite a bit about the
real Titanic, quite historically accurate. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate
Winslet have great chemistry and are perfect for their roles. The rest
of the cast including Kathy Bates, Billy Zane, Jonathan Hyde and Victor
Garber make it almost perfect. This is and amazing film about one of
the most tragic accidents in history that has made it's mark in film
history and should be viewed by everyone. 10/10
			
I watched this movie tonight in the Blu-ray 3-D version! I thought it
was a wonderful movie! I have seen the original version at the theater
and have watched it several times on TV. I think it is one of the most
heart wrenching movies I have ever seen. I loved the music, the actors,
and the story-line. The 3-D version is the BEST in my opinion.I ordered the 3-D version from AMAZON several weeks ago and waited
impatiently for it in the mail. When it arrived today I could hardly
wait to watch it on my 3-D TV!I thought Kate Winslet, Leonard DiCaprio and others did an amazing job.I looked at the era this was set in and thought about my own Dad who
would have been in his mid-20's at that time and how a catastrophe like
the sinking of a ship like the Titanic might have affected the people
of that era.Great movie!
			
A film of such incredible proportions is a rarity in cinema. 'Titanic,'
was recently re-released on Blu-Ray, and I took the opportunity to
watch the film for the first time in over a decade. I was 8 years old
when I last saw this film, something which probably contributed to my
opinion that the film was over-long, soppy and incredibly dull. How
wrong I was.'Titanic,' is epic cinema at its finest. So many aspects of the film
are truly wonderful, the scale, the performances and the design to name
a few. James Cameron has repeatedly cemented himself as one of the most
talented directors in Hollywood, managing to craft gargantuan products
with colossal budgets and still maintain a wonderful human emotion to
his works. Though the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 serves as the
basis for this film, the true meat of it is a love story between two
young people from polar opposite ends of society; Jack Dawson, played
by a boyish Leonardo DiCaprio, a lower class drifter with a gift for
art, and Rose, a higher class young woman trapped in the confines of a
loveless engagement, portrayed by a fresh-faced Kate Winslet. Over the
course of 3 hours and 14 minutes their love story plays out among the
hundreds of stories of that fateful voyage that tragically killed so
many.The true wonder of 'Titanic,' is its sheer scale. The film was
originally released in 1997, yet the production dwarfs that of most
large scale films of today's Hollywood. The costume design and set
production is absolutely staggering, truly worthy of the Oscars the
design and production won. The special effects are also worth praising,
especially considering that the film is now 15 years old. However, with
the transition to Blu-Ray, and the clarity that the image receives
because of the transfer, some of the effects are unfortunately rather
obvious, though this does nothing to detract from the overall
experience. The sound design is also excellent, particular praise
reserved for the score. There is an almost Enya-like quality to the
score, gentle and mellow yet rousing in all the correct places.The performances are all excellent. DiCaprio and Winslet both carry the
production on their young shoulders, and do so with aplomb. Their
chemistry is impressive, and both actors are pleasant and likable.
Billy Zane, as Rose's arrogant fianc, is suitably horrid and
despicable, and Zane gives probably the best performance of his career.
All roles are performed well, including Kathy Bates as a 'new-money,'
socialite and Bernard Hill as the captain of the doomed voyage. There are so many moments from this film that are frequently quoted and
fondly remembered, and there's a reason. 'Titanic,' is an incredible
experience, and well worth picking up on Blu-Ray. I'm certainly glad I
did.
			
Best version since the old "A Night to Remember" (1953). With all those
reviews, I only need to "touch" on the synopsis of the film. 101
year-old "Rose", long thought to have died in the disaster, reappears
as the wreck is examined and it's contents rescued yet again. The
"explorer-scavenger" is fascinated both with the story and romance of
it all, but especially the recovery of the romantic 58 Caret
heart-shaped diamond necklace known as "The Heart of the Sea" which is
worth more than the Hope Diamond. Did such a gem exist, or is it the
product of the screenwriter's vivid imagination? It is a well-told tale
and the time passes so fast that it doesn't seem like a 3 hour movie at
all. Superb cinematography combined with seamlessly beautiful special
effects and the best shipwreck ever filmed. Models and the CGI are most
convincing. The Oscar-winning musical score and audio are amazing. The
ships motors and interior looks entirely authentic. Kathy Bates has a
wonderful "minor" role as the "Unsinkable" Molly Brown, and, as MGM
used to say, "a cast of "more stars than there are in Heaven". Billy
Zane plays the deliciously mean and arrogant fiance of 17-year-old
"Rose",who is being forced to have pre-nupual sex, and marry a man she
does not love, for his money. She hates it and is almost driven to
suicide. One nude scene of a beautiful woman-child will offend only a
minority of the viewing audience. (Rated PG-13. Also a few choice swear
words.) Best ending ever (warning-huge spoiler) as "Rose" slips the
huge blue diamond into the sea. The original DVD is letterboxed and not
"anamorphic". Buy a later version, which is remastered for 16x9 TV. It
is remastered to 1.78 format. I like to stop it around chapter 18 for
an "intermission". I also highly recommend seeing "Titanic-The Artifact Exhibit" as a
roadshow or Las Vegas attraction.
			
Before Titanic, I wasn't really a Cameron-fan. I liked his movies but I
never thought of him as a genius (It was only later that I saw his
brilliant remake of the French comedy La Totale!  True Lies, that is 
which might have made me appreciate his talents more.) To tell the
truth, I wasn't really interested in another adaptation of the tragedy
of the Titanic, either. The movie was over-hyped and overpriced, so I
thought I'd give it a pass, but I finally gave in to peer pressure. I
left the theatre raving about the movie myself.It has remained one of my all-time favourites to this day. Titanic is a
true masterpiece that combines a great real-life story with an equally
heartbreaking imaginary one and has such visual grandeur and emotional
depth that very few movies have managed to bring to the screen. It
deserved every single Oscar it was given (save for the score, which is,
frankly, a shameless and unimaginative rip-off of Enya's music) and it
should have been awarded more. It is a shame that Kate Winslet's,
Leonardo DiCaprio's and Gloria Stuart's stunning performances were
shunned.It is very sad that since then it has become fashionable to dismiss the
movie as a 'corny, boring melodrama', because it is anything but.
Titanic is an impeccably written and directed, wonderfully acted and
(from a technical point of view) superbly realised, timeless
masterpiece. And it has one of the most beautiful lines ever written
for the screen. 'A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets'.
			
Rarely does a story so well known by viewers surprise them so
wonderfully. Everyone knows about the Titanic and the travesty that
transpired, but people often forget about the lives of those involved
and the experiences they endured. The story of the Titanic, the
infamous ship, and two starstruck lovers, who were merely forgotten,
displays vast beauty in an otherwise unfortunate event. From the characters to scenery, this movie captivates the audience with
its enthralling imagery and emotional acting. Stars Leonardo DiCaprio
and Kate Winslet perform incredibly in their respective roles, and
demonstrate that going against the status quo is not necessarily bad.
Throughout the film, viewers are taken on a journey. One that begins
with Rose happily accepting Jack into her life, and then Jack
tirelessly trying to stay in it. To say Titanic is a romance is an
understatement. It possesses action, adventure, drama and all the like,
and is far from your generic love movie. I was gladly surprised by how much I loved this film even after seeing
its numerous awards and superb reviews. Titanic is a movie that will
certainly not disappoint, and it is definitely one for the ages that I
recommend for anyone and everyone to see.
			
It's sometimes difficult to assess a movie that was such a phenomenon
in its day. Titanic was a gigantic hit upon release, talked about
everywhere, unavoidable. In parallel to its massive popularity there
was also a backlash of people denouncing it as clichd and overly
sentimental, a lot of whom were probably deliberately disliking it
because of its ubiquity. Now, it's of that awkward age where it's too
recent to merit classic status, but too distant to still really be
talked about much. As such its standing in posterity seems to be
undecided, as yet.Historical romantic epics like this have long been around, and have
long done well at box offices and awards ceremonies. And yes, they may
be formulaic, but there is a certain craft in ticking all the boxes.
Titanic works by bringing us in, with those opening scenes, with the
position of a clinical observer of the wreck, as we might have seen it
in books or documentaries. The framing narrative has a modern
familiarity that we can relate to. We are then gradually eased back
into the past, and the story of the ship and those who sailed aboard
her becomes humanized. And I'm not just referring to the central love
story. In writing his screenplay, James Cameron goes to lengths to pick
hundreds of tiny strands, from the real fates of historical personages
to brief flashes of unnamed figures. This broad, human retelling of a
great disaster gives Titanic a wonderful richness, not to mention a
deeper poignancy.Cameron was at this point best-known for his blockbusting actioners
like Aliens and the Terminator movies, so as a director he might have
seemed out of his depth on Titanic. But Cameron was always a
professional, never a show-off, and he could handle weighty subjects
with maturity. He doesn't faff about with the camera, usually keeping
it still while all the movement is within the frame. And of course,
when the movie turns more action-orientated during the ship's sinking,
his experience puts him in good stead. The collision with the iceberg
is so suspenseful that, every time I see it, I still hope the ship will
turn in time. Throughout the movie there are a lot of point-of-view
shots, more than most filmmakers dare to use these days, but the idea
is to bring us close to the sensation of being there. But perhaps
Cameron's greatest strength is his finding of an apt image to tell a
story in an instant, from a man with his family frantically thumbing
through a translation book to find his way off the ship, to Ismay's
guilty face against the side of the ship as he is lowered down.The studio took a gamble in allowing Cameron to cast two lead players
who were as young and inexperienced as Winslet and DiCaprio, but it
paid off. Winslet is not a traditional beauty, but she has a vivacious
personality that makes her attractive and instantly likable. At first
glance DiCaprio seems to have been hired for his looks, but he proves
to have a deep sincerity, such as the when he confronts Winslet and
confesses his feelings towards her. And after all it's moments like
this where a performance counts the most. But what really makes these
two work is their believable youthfulness, and that eager rapport
between them. Passionate love stories that take place over a day or two
can easily seem a bit false, but Winslet and DiCaprio seem so great
together the briefness of their affair is irrelevant.This diamond of a movie is not, I'll admit, without a few flaws.
Despite the brilliant construction of the screenplay, the dialogue is
woefully trite. The special effects are typically over-ambitious '90s
CGI, with texture-less surfaces and too many fake people (although to
be fair it still looks better than, say, a scale-model would). But
whereas these problems would stick out like sore thumbs in a lesser
picture, Titanic has such a grand sweep and emotional power that they
become insignificant. I hope cinematic history will judge Titanic well,
because regardless of hype and counter-hype, it really is everything a
movie should be.
			
'Titanic' is my favourite film for many reasons. 1. It has Leo DiCaprio
(hottie!)in it ;-D 2. It is one of the most romantic love stories ever
made 3. It is the one of the only films that has ever made me laugh and
cry. 4. It touches your heart more than you'd ever want to admit. A lot of people dismiss this film, saying it's got rubbish acting,
uninspired directing, overlong, whatever. I can guarantee that none of
these things are true. Titanic truly is a masterpiece, a landmark in
the history of film. I first saw this film last year. I'd heard about
how good it was, but thought it might be a little disappointing. But
honestly it was breathtaking. I won't say anymore, just go watch it.
Watch. It. It is one of the best movies you will ever see. Maybe even
the best. And be sure to watch it on it's re-release in 3-D in April
2012.
			
One of the well-known ships that became an disaster at sea was the
Titanic. It sank in 1912 on its voyage out to sea. Disaster struck when
the ship hits an iceberg and cause it to sink. The passengers of the
Titanic were trying to survive. Many of them died. Some of them were in
lifeboats. Now, James Cameron brings back the mighty ship. In his film
Titanic, a man named Jack Dawson, played by Leonardo DiCaprio. He goes
on the Titanic after winning an poker game. Also on board an beautiful
passenger, played by Kate Winslet and her fianc, played by Billy Zane.
DiCaprio and Winslet fall for each other in love as the Titanic
ventures out to sea. Then, the iceberg hits the Titanic and that is
when chaos begins. Passengers are frightened as the ship slowly starts
to sink. The ship's sinking isn't about the passengers screaming and
panicking, but it gives an realistic dramatization of the ship. Real
documentary footage of the real Titanic appear on the opening credits.
Winslet's character Rose, now old, is played by Gloria Stuart, who
remembered what happen that night. The movie's visionary of the Titanic
sinking is wonderful made with the special effects. As for Winslet and
DiCaprio, they have great performances as Rose and Jack. The film
itself is a tragedy of what happened. Titanic is one of the best films
of 1997. An great, true Hollywood Epic.  4 stars.
			
This film never sinks. From the opening few shots to the final moments
of the film, everything about it is simply wonderful. It's majestic,
charming, sweet, thrilling, suspenseful and most of all heart
wrenching. The pacing of the film is perfect and the special effects
towards the end of the film are also top notch. The story is about two
young lovers Jack and Rose. It really is a beautiful love story as we
see them overcoming the odds in order to be together. But don't be put
off by the love story element, as there's plenty of action and
excitement come the second half of the film and the film never sinks
for one moment. Like I said, the pacing is perfect and I must say this
is probably the greatest story telling ever put to celluloid - James
Camerons a genius. All the actors/actresses are great, but for me it's Leonardo DiCaprio's
movie as his character Jack, demonstrates his self worth at every turn
and goes to extraordinary lengths in order for him and Rose to be
together and ultimately stay together i.e survive the catastrophe that
may fore-go their destinies. To conclude, phenomenal.
			
I have seen the movie so many times that i remember the dialouges now.
And every-time i see i feel like there is something new to it. It is
the most amazing, wonderful movie i have ever seen. James Cameroon
could not have got better actors than Leonardo and Kate Winslet to this
movie. I have fallen in love with Jack since the first time i saw this
movie. Never really occurred i could write a review about it, but today
when i am watching it again and had my laptop just next to me thought
of opening my heart. The music, gosh i have never loved background
score of any movie as much i love Titanic's. The band that plays when
ship is sinking, the song my heart will go on- well nothing needs to be
said about that. I have been fantasizing this kind of love and romance
ever since i saw this movie. It is one grand movie ever made, you
cannot not like even a single part of this one. I really want Titanic
to have a sequel in which Jack would come alive somehow with some logic
or something. This movie took my heart away, its astoundingly beautiful
and mesmerizing. Jack Dawson is my love and Titanic will remain my
favorite movie ever.
			
Remember the world's most heartbreaking moment, the sinking of the
Titanic? Well, memories come back to us when the incredible James
Cameron and his big imagination create a powerful love story disaster.
The film is a fictional love story, taking place in a historical event.
Set to the sinking of the Titanic, Leonardo DiCaprio plays a poor man
named Jack, who falls in love with a rich woman named Rose, portrayed
by Kate Winslet. Although separated by the number of money in their
pockets, that does not stop the love between each other. Then, when
Titanic begins to sink, sacrifices are being made, and Jack would do
anything in his power to make Rose safe. James Cameron let out his
heart into this movie, and really wanted to express his feelings on the
sinking. Though the film is sad, and maybe too graphic, the film was a
beautiful masterpiece portrayed by an amazing cast, a great direction,
an amazing re-creation of history, brilliant costumes, breathtaking art
direction, scene-stealing sound effects, visionary film editing, and
exhilarating visual effects. I watch the movie over and over again and
never got tired of enjoying it, cause it will never leave your heart.
I'll never forget watching this movie, and I'll respect that it won the
Best Picture on my birth year, and glad it made a billion dollars in
the box office. This movie will always be epic and romantic in every
way. This is a visual marvel, but it also has great characters and a
terrific story to go along with it. "Titanic", in my review, "a
beautiful masterpiece of the heart, something to enjoy watching over
and over."Oh, and speaking of the 3D re-release, it's worth your money! Even if
this movie was made in 1997, James Cameron is one of those filmmakers
that knows how to make perfect use of the 3-D, and he makes it look
like the movie was made in 3-D. Even if you wish that James Cameron
should have cut the film 20 minutes shorter, you still believe that
every single detail that James Cameron added, had to be there in the
movie. The 3-D literally draws you into the adventure, frankly because
this is the type of 3-D that is used perfectly, just like in "Avatar".
So, go out and watch it again in the special 3-D treatment!
			
I absolutely adore this movie and i have done for years. It was only
when I looked it up on the internet that I realized many people don't
like it, which was news to me as everyone Iv spoken to about it loved
it. It seems people on internet forums etc. think that by slating
Titanic they will look ''cool'' and look like their ''in the know''
about films. Ha, please don't make me laugh. Slating Titanic and
calling it 'the worst film ever' (which Iv seen many people call it)
just makes you look absolutely clueless. This is a brilliant film and I
would highly recommend it. Watch it for yourself and don't let ''movie
buffs'' comments sway your own opinion.
			
I am breathless and out of words for THIS film. No, its not the best
film I've seen, but it certainly comes close to being. James Cameron is
a true genius and he's the person to thank.Titanic is a wholesome tragedy adapted from the historic event when
more 1000 people lost their lives. This film is pure art and will never
be forgotten. It is filled with extravaganza effects, worthy
performances, and a simply adorable soundtrack.Leonardo DiCaprio gives one of his best performances in his career. He
is simply perfect as Jack; simple, yet humanized. Kate Winslet is even
better, playing Rose with Gratitude, courage, and efficiency. This is
also, simply her best performance in her career.Effects are simply breathtaking. James Cameron provides with stuff that
you would have never seen in the 90s. As for his direction, also
benefits because of his stretchy camera angles and glorious sights.
This is seriously Cameron at his BEST and there's nothing more
wonderful than that.Small things like soundtracks don't usually matter in films, but this
film has the best I have heard in my life! Racy, touching, and
emotional; there isn't anything like it.Overall, I have no words for Titanic. Almost everything is near-perfect
in this timeless classic. It is also an unforgettable cinematic
experience; as well as a benchmark in history for visual effects. James
Cameron has got the big job done and has succeeded thoroughly.'Go see it now, because you certainly won't be disappointed one bit
with this film'
			
What movie comes to mind when you think of compelling, memorable
characters, spectacular visual effects, a fantastic score, and a
beautiful, tragic plot? What movie has captured the hearts and
imagination of people of all ages around the world? What movie has
retained its charm and appeal for over a decade, and has earned a
rightful place in cinematic history? The answer is Titanic, the 1997
film that opened with low expectations and then astounded the public
with its massive success. As the highest-grossing film of all time and
winner of 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director,
Titanic raises hopes for moviegoers and does not disappoint.First, consider an undertaking so daunting that many would deem it
impossible: recreating the RMS Titanic and its fateful sinking. This
task undoubtedly required much time, skill, and effort, not to mention
a huge budget  at the time, Titanic was the most expensive film ever
made. The ship's splendor shines throughout the movie and adds an
atmosphere of magic that film sets rarely manage.Another element of the film's success is the superb, talented cast.
Most notably, Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet give commanding
performances as Jack and Rose, the young star-crossed lovers separated
by social class on the maiden voyage of the doomed vessel. They are
cast perfectly; a better choice could not have been made. Along with
the rest of the cast, including Billy Zane as Rose's wicked fianc and
Gloria Stuart as Rose at age 101, they allow the audience to join their
journey and share in their emotions and experiences. By the conclusion,
viewers feel very close to the characters and truly care about them,
which is why the movie is so poignant and tragic.So many years after its theatrical release, Titanic still has not lost
what made it such a success. This moving, simply beautiful story about
fate, disaster, and the power of love has proved to be a timeless
classic and an epic masterpiece.
			
Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are young lovers on the doomed
"Titanic" in this 1997 film directed, written, and edited by James
Cameron. The film also stars Billy Zane, Gloria Stuart, Kathy Bates,
Francis Fisher, and Victor Garber.Rather than go into the story, I'll just say that this film is a true
masterpiece, meticulously researched, designed, costumed, and acted,
and gives one the feeling of the desperation, fear, sorrow, and
finality that the people on the ship must have felt. The entire time I
watched it, I kept thinking of the people on the planes and in the
World Trade Center on 9/11.There have been several films about the Titanic but none so lovingly
recreated and so powerful emotionally. Kate Winslet is exquisite as
Rose, the upper class young woman engaged to a brute (Zane), who falls
in love with third class passenger Jack Dawson (DiCaprio). DiCaprio is
terrific - exuberant, passionate, and adventurous.If you don't know a lot about the Titanic, this movie will pique your
interest. When you read more about it, you'll be impressed by Cameron's
commitment to bring this piece of history to life.
			
I was only 5 years old when this movie came out so I never saw it until
years later. I think I was 9 at the time and I liked it but it didn't
completely register until I hit about 14, go figure! You still can't
deny how perfectly gorgeous Leo looked in the movie. It's impossible to
take your eyes off him. I know guys have to feel the same way even if
they never admit it.I think I've watched this movie, start to finish at the very least 50
times. It's one of those few movies that feels different every time you
watch it and never gets old. It's like the Gone With The Wind of modern
day from what my grandma tells me. All in all, it shows that love
conquers all. But the ending, UGH. I about died the first time I saw it
and was left feeling depressed for weeks.
			
This is honestly the best romance movie I've ever seen. The effects of
the movie were amazing. Yes I did cry to this movie and I have seen
many depressing movies including Angela's Ashes (if you have not seen
it then I recommend you do not see it b/c you will literally cry to
death) and this has been the only movie I've cried to. And I don't care
if you say its too depressing to watch. I watched it a second time and
I cried just as much as I did as the first time. And you know what, it
was great. If you have a girlfriend/wife, and if neither or one of you
hasn't seen it, go see it together. She will cry (maybe) but you will
get laid. How do I know this; experience. James Cameron, your movies
are the best. Do not stop making movies. I really want to see what you
will surprise everyone with next.
			
So far, this is the most heavily user-reviewed movie I have encountered
in IMDb. Here is yet another one (sorry)! During the summer of 1997,
the studios ran grand coming attractions for "Titanic," which
capsulized the entire story and even showed in detail what would happen
to Jack and Rose. It was tempting to think "...why even see the movie?
You already know what is going to happen!" The movie absolutely cleaned
up during the holiday season of 1997 and into the first few months of
1998. The theatrical experience of watching it on a big screen with
stereo sound was beyond compare (my sister swears that the cinema in
Cincinnati where she saw it cranked the air conditioning during the
sinking scenes to give viewers an extra dimension to the frigid cold
endured by all the passengers).On the surface, the plot lines and basic story seem trite and contrived
(poor boy meets rich girl). The fantastic acting by the leads and the
direction of the massive cast of extras along with the superhuman
attention to detail are what makes Titanic jump from the screen at the
viewer.Think about the whole "king of the world" sequence with Jack and
Fabrizio and the "flying" sequence with Jack and Rose. In the hands of
a lesser director, both of these would have come across as
self-aggrandizing pap, but the way both scenes is shot and Leo
DeCaprio/Kate Winslet's uncanny abilities and chemistry sent a shot of
ecstasy throughout the whole theater. These scenes, along with several
others, works well to capture the fabulous grandeur of the original
Titanic.What is most often missed in reviews are the performances of actors in
lesser roles, such as Billy Zane's turn as an elegant cad, David
Warner's perfect casting as the classy "thug" bodyguard, Kathy Bates
nailing her gauche, nouveau riche embodiment of the "Unsinkable" Molly
Brown (she was a last minute casting), and scores of other astounding
recreations from the captain to the top hatted billionaire and his eyes
popping out when the water floods the stateroom.According to the trivia page, cinemas wore out their copies and needed
replacements. People have probably also worn out their VHS, DVD and
blue-ray copies. Nothing will wear out the enduring appeal of this
classic as pure, full-on entertainment.
			
Well I have never come across a film that so many people either love or
hate. I recently watched Titanic for the first time since I was about
12. I am now 23 so I understood it a lot better. I am a heterosexual
male and I cried during parts of Titanic. I have no shame in admitting
it, and I am pretty sure plenty of other heterosexual male's would of
cried as well.I will start off by saying that I understand why people wouldn't like
this movie. The romance story is very clich, and I can understand why
people think James Cameron should of focused a lot more on the actual
Titanic itself instead of a fictional love story. I completely
understand that. What I don't understand is people saying the acting
was bad - I strongly disagree with that sentiment. I think the acting
was absolutely superb.James Cameron made Titanic by setting a fictional love story against a
real historical disaster. He never intended it to be a documentary. If
the viewer accepts this then the movie can be appreciated for what it
is.I found the love story very touching. As I said, it's very clich. But
the acting from Kate Winslet and DiCaprio is so convincing that you are
able to really care about it. I think the scriptwriting for this couple
was absolutely fantastic as well. You really understand Rose's
situation and why she is drawn to Jack.This movie tugs on the heart strings more than any other movie I have
come across. There are some very touching moments. For example when
Rose jumps off the lifeboat and back on to the ship because she can't
handle leaving Jack behind. Not to mention how emotional the sinking
was, and how real it felt. Rose found the love of her life by chance on
Titanic, only to lose him when the ship sank. That is heartbreaking
however you look at it.The best part of this movie is the final 10 minutes or so in my view.
After Rose tells her story, it is revealed that she lived her life for
Jack and that over 84 years she never forgot about him. When the camera
pans across Rose's pictures (note that at the start of the movie, Rose
state's that she always takes her pictures with her when she travels)
it shows her doing the things she talked about doing with Jack, and
that she had lived a great life just like she promised him.I believe she has passed away in the scene where she is in bed. And the
final scene shows her being re-united with Jack in the afterlife,
surrounded by the good people who also perished on the Titanic. I am
getting a lump in my throat just as I type this. I found it incredibly
emotional. I can't really explain it. I think Cameron did a great job
with the romance story.The supporting characters also helped make this movie. The characters
of Cal, Captain Smith, Molly, Fabricio, Tommy, Murdoch and Mr Andrews
were all fantastic. I recommend this movie to anyone.
			
This movie is the greatest of its genre. I might almost dare say it is
my favourite film. The casting is just spot on, the love story puts you
through every emotion imaginable and the way the ending is portrayed is
pure brilliance.I did not cry in this movie, I'm a 17 year old guy. However i did come
out feeling like i was mourning a loved one. This is the single most
powerful movie I have ever been lucky enough to see, with nearly the
whole of the first half making me smile with happiness and the second
making me feel nothing but despair.This film is revolutionary, and an absolute must see.
			

Over a billion dollars in box office, 11 Oscars, countless words or praise -
and so many people want to rip this movie up. Well I would be happy never to
meet you if you dislike this movie that much, cause there's something wrong
with you.  If you cannot appreciate the beauty and craftmanship that went
into this, not only are you nuts, but you are pretty ungrateful too.  This
movie stands above all the rest.  
			
First of all I need to say James Cameron is a genius, he done this
masterpiece really precisely, he done a tons of researches for getting
the best result, even the floor coatings' color/shape/texture.James Cameron in some Interviews said: "still there is some errors in
some parts" but I need to say come on... it's perfect, a little detail
can not corrupt anything!If I wanna talk about Titanic there is hundred things that I can
mention but here's some of them.Titanic is my favorite and number one movie ever because it's perfect
in all the forms of film making, for example: Visual effects are
perfect, Score and soundtrack are one of the best in cinema's history,
Cinematography is perfect, Casting and Acting is great, Plot is great,
Emotions throughout the film is superb, Directing is best, Production
is extremely great, Entertaining level is more than any wants, Costume
and production design is really precise and beautiful...Love story in Titanic pictured perfectly, things such as: Emotions,
love, looks, heart beats, remission, sacrifices, pleasures...Even disaster of this ship and its passengers pictured and worked
perfectly.There is a great thing about this, you just wanna follow the whole
things in the film 'til the end, all the scenes are beautiful even
disasters and discrimination between British/Irish passengers!There is just two things that I'm not completely alright with it: 1.
length (not so much just about half hour!) 2. originality (Titanic made
in the past dozens of times)My final and precise rating for Titanic is "9.5".I extremely recommend it to wise, emotional and lovers of cinema! I
know some people who hate Titanic and all of them are extreme and
irrational people!!!I watched Titanic more than any movie out there!! 'cause I can feel it
totally.A big ThAnX for James Cameron for doing this and you for reading this.Have fun.
			
I gave it a 10 out of 10 because it deserves it. This legendary title
came out when I was 1 year old. I didn't get to watch its premiere in
the cinema, sad case. My parents have told me several times how good it
was and my mom had watched it 3 times.When the 3D version came out, my family and I watched it together and
it's really awesome. I could hardly believe they could make such a good
film in 1990's. The special effects, the technology are just
unbelievably good.On the other hand, the actors are real awesome. Leonardo Dicaprio, one
of my favorite male actors. He did a marvelous job in the movie. He has
such good acting at his age. He's the best actor in the film, imo.No matter how good the film is, don't watch it twice in a week... I
went to watch it again with my friends and it's just too
boring...seriously. I could clearly remember the whole story and what
would happen next.So, overall. It's a must-watch film. I can't really understand why it's
not in the IMDb top 250. It's unacceptable, seriously. It's a legend,
man. I understand when there are lovers, there will be haters.This movie has a overall rating of 7.6 (at this moment), which is too
low for a legendary film like this. Even some pure action film can get
8+ ratings nowadays.Watch it and you'll know what a 10/10 movie should be. One of the
legendary movies.
			
Titanic is exceptional. This is what a real film is all about. The love
story topped the icing on the cake for me, It's increasingly sad and
all the while you still know what's the come. It's a real treat to be
able to watch, the theme of the film is self explanatory; however there
is so much to it. Regardless whether the love story is true or not, it
doesn't matter because without this it would not be as emotionally
galvanising as it is. It's astounding. It's obvious that Jack dies at
the end and Rose is very upset. It's a brilliant film, def a classic!
Highly recommended to anyone looking for something to weep at for days!
Enjoy.
			
This movie touches the hearts of many many Americans to this day. Not
only will it stand the test of time, but it will remain in the hearts
of many people throughout the world.This movie is so touching and
moving that it makes you want to start balling right in front of
everyone. Not only that, but it takes you on a thrill ride which will
be unforgettable. The acting in this film is absolutely superb and could not have been
any better. The casting was selected so perfectly and carefully that it
could not have gone wrong. And of course the director, James Cameron,
is without a doubt one of the most amazing directors I've ever seen. He
manages to make you cry, but at the same time is able to keep your
heart racing. Not many directors can pull this off.Another factor in this film which makes it so outstanding is the music.
The music is very diverse in different parts of the movie. James Horner
did an amazing job with the overall score. It can be either very
suspenseful, or very soft and enlightening. And I don't know about you
but when Celine Dion starts singing, there is no way that you can keep
tears from staying in your eyes.Okay sure this film can make you cry, we know this. But this is one of
the only love stories to date to absolutely horrify people. Some of the
scenes where the ship is sinking are horrendous. The visual effects are
exceptional for a 1990's film. They really do look real and create
effects which are shocking to watch.Many people disagree that this is a remarkable movie just because it is
not completely factual. Well guess what? Get over it. It was not made
to be 100% accurate alright. It was meant to show the deep passion
between two lovers and there willingness to save each others lives. For
all you haters out there, we all know that you force your horrible
opinions about a movie just so that you feel special. I mean who are
you trying to kid? I know, you know, and America knows that this is one
of the most mesmerizing and astonishing films ever made. This is an
honorable movie and deserved each and every award that it got.I cannot tell you how much a cherish this film and all of its glory. It
is an absolute necessity for any movie collection and is a landmark and
role model for any good film to come. Not very many films will ever top
it. If this film does not get your heart racing then you don't have one
at all. And if this film does not move you as much as it moved me, then
you don't know what a good movie is. It will go down in history as one
of those epic movies. One that will never be forgotten. And all the
haters, don't worry you'll come to your senses one day. Overall, a
complete 10 out of 10. An incomparable masterpiece of epic proportions.
			
Titanic is my personal favorite film...ever. It uses the best special
effects and technology of it's time and even though those aspects are
outdated now, I still find myself drawn in. I'm drawn in after so many
years because of the great talent of Kate Winslet and Leo Dicaprio and
their great chemistry together. Those two, combined with the fantastic music, artistic direction,
storyline, along with the technological aspects I've already mentioned
creates an incomparable cinematic experience. I have never been so
captivated by a single piece of media, before or since. I think it's
the best...bottom line.
			
Titanic is one of my favorite movies, and it is a timeless classic that
did not receive the acclaim and respect it deserved. I know that it got
Oscar nominations, and it received the hype, but its not even in the
top 250 which is very disappointing, because Titanic is as least as
good if not better than many of the movies in the top 250. It is
unfortunate that it was unpopular among so many people. During its day
it was the highest grossing film of all time. Unfortunately the success
and hype of the movie have spawned vicious criticism. A lot of viewers love Titanic, but many more bash the film and dissect
it for problems such as its "lack of originality", "weak script", and
"poor acting", all of which are overly critical and not true. Maybe the
script could have been a little better, but it was good enough for me.
It may have been simple, but it was still well-written in my opinion. I
don't know why everyone say's the acting is bad, I thought all of the
cast did very well in this movie. As for the originality, its not the
first love story to be told, but in my opinion it is the most
believable, epic, and heart-wrenching love story to ever be depicted in
a movie. The love the two characters have for each other is totally
convincing.Titanic does use a historical setting to set the foundation for the
movie, but so do a lot of other great movies. A lot of people say they
don't like Titanic because it was too long, but I don't think the
movie's length is a problem because it's so good that it's worth the 3
hour commitment. Sure, it could have been a little shorter, but I don't
know that it would have been made that much of an improvement. Titanic
is indeed a very lengthy film, but the movie is breath-taking because
of its strong plot, gorgeous cinematography, phenomenal special
effects, and superb acting. A lot of people don't like Leonardo Di
Caprio in this movie. In fact, many of the people who didn't like this
movie blame Di Caprio. Leonardo Di Caprio is not really respected as an
actor but often dismissed as a "pretty boy". Leonardo Di Caprio is not
the greatest actor ever, but he did a good job in this movie, and I
find the attacks on his acting to be unfair. In my opinion he did his
best work in this movie.Kate Winslet is perfect in Titanic. She is a very gifted actress who is
part of what makes this movie so good. But she didn't do it alone: The
chemistry between her character and Leonardo Di Caprio's character is
so natural, that it does not seem like they acting at all. Kate Winslet
plays a young woman from a rich family named Rose, and Leonardo Di
Caprio plays a poor artist named Jack. The two meet on the voyage of
the Titanic and fall in love. But Rose is strongly encouraged to marry
a rich man named Cal Hockley. Rose's family and Cal disapprove of Jack.
Throughout the movie Rose and Jack's relationship develops, much to
Cal's dismay. Cal becomes the enemy of both Rose and Jack. He hires a
man to capture Jack.A real ocean liner was built for the production of this movie. It is
not quite as big as the real Titanic but it is close to it. The replica
of the ship looks very authentic, it looks just like the real ship.
Titanic may start off a little slow, but it is still very engrossing,
in my opinion. The second half of the movie is unforgettable. It is
tense, suspenseful, and compelling. Watching this movie makes you feel
like you were really on the ship. The movie does include some
characters that really were on the ship, but Jack and Rose's characters
are fictitious. I'm not sure how accurate the rest of the movie is, but
the reality of it all is impeccable. Titanic is a riveting movie that
really draws you in to the disaster and the tragedy of that night.I would certainly recommend Titanic, to all audiences. Do not listen
the hype though, and do not listen to the criticism either. Just watch
the movie, and make your own opinion. If you leave your cynicism at the
door, then you may just discover the beauty of this movie.
			
I've never been into long movies. When a film starts growing longer
than an hour thirty, perhaps an hour forty-five, I can't help but yawn
and perhaps snooze off. It happened to me with the greatest movies in
the history of cinema: I fell asleep with Gone With the Wind and yawned
plenty of times with Schindler's List.But with Titanic, however, hours seemed to dash by without me noticing.
I watched the story on screen, with my 3D glasses on, and I was
instantly captured by Jack and Rose's story. Three hours twenty,
nonetheless. And in all that time, I didn't let out a single yawn.
Neither did I look at the time on my phone. I felt how the magic of
Titanic really got to me, and when the credits came in my face was
flooded with tears.Perhaps what I like the most about this movie is how it has made me
feel. Yeah, it has made me feel things I had never felt before. For
instance, I had never cried with a movie. And it wasn't just the sad
romantic story that involved the two characters - but how all the
characters that had interacted with them died one by one, sunk with the
Ship of Dreams. Mr. Andrews, Captain Smith, little Cora, Mr. Murdoch,
Tommy, Fabrizio...because Titanic isn't just a romantic movie, it's
also a historic movie that shows what happened on a fatal April 14
morning, in 1912. One thousand fifty souls sunk down along with the
Titanic into the deep waters of the Northern Atlantic, and I could see
all that pain and suffering portrayed in James Cameron's movie
perfectly. And it was during that dramatic hour, sitting still at the
movie theater, in which tears dared to slide down my cheeks, along with
most of the other viewers.As the movie credits slid by in the theater screen, my brother asked me
if I was crying, and I shook my head. "It's just the 3D glasses. You
know, they get my eyes teary."Yes, it might have very well been the 3D glasses. Or perhaps the fact
that I had watched a great modern classic that will not be easily
forgotten.
			
If you are an intellectual, overly-critical person, don't watch this
movie. It's not a documentary; it's a romantic drama. So what is it's
not historically accurate? That's not what you should be focusing on.
This is the story of two lovers and the challenge they face to survive.Kate Winslet gives the performance of her career (tied with The
Reader)as Rose DeWitt Bukater, the young woman trapped in the
superficial world of the upper class and engaged to a man she loathes.
Kate IS Rose; this role was practically written for her.Leonardo DiCaprio became a star for his role as the dashing Jack
Dawson, a poor artist who falls for the beautiful Rose. It is he who
saves her from her misery and opens up the world for her.The chemistry between Kate and Leo is almost tangible. As the audience,
we become captivated by their love affair. We wanted them to be
together. They're the ultimate movie couple! So if you can't appreciate
this movie the first time, watch it again. And again.
			
Apart from Titanic being one of the best movie ever produced it is also
the second highest grossing movie of all time as well. A movie does not
make $1.8 billion dollars world wide with out being incredible
brilliant.Titanic is more than just a movie about a ship that sinks its a classic
romance love story about a rich girl and a poor boy. An unspoken love
that could never truly be. The rich girl who is trapped in her high
class elegant lifestyle forced to marry a wealthy man who she does not
love. Then by happenstance she runs into Jack Dawson and their love
develops from there.The acting is magnificent. The movie was very well written and no
expense was spared in bring Titanic back to life. Everything looks as
elegant as it would have on the real Titanic. Parts of the story may be
a bit clich yet the movie is still very enjoyable.
			
Say what you will about the gooey love story, but do not contest the
film being a masterpiece. Never has a film inspired such emotion in me,
such a feeling of belonging to the thrills and struggles of the
characters on the screen. The music, a rich blend of instrumental and
vocal, is far from archaic. It inspires emotional power that would have
otherwise been lost. The story is obviously well-researched, the images
are heartbreaking and breathtaking, and, unlike many epics, Titanic is
not arrogant, and it does not drag on. In fact, despite its being one
of the longest movies I have ever seen, it felt rushed. It was over too
soon. It was that good. I did not even think that the love story was
that distracting from the grandeur. It was just another human aspect
masterfully explored by the film: greed, hate, panic, and, above all,
love, a love so profound, so passionate, that it should inspire viewers
with envy, not laughter. No, Titanic is as close to flawless as
anything can get. With characters that should rightfully be hated and
loved, characters to whom we can all relate, a recapture of the world
of the past and the ship itself synonymous to a time machine, and a
story replete with comedy, tragedy, and thrill, Titanic is a classic
that time can never erode, and that shall always inspire laughter and
tears.
			
This film is about a love triangle that happens on the Titanic. The
Titanic, the ship of dreams, is also known as "The Unsinkable". Rose
leaves her rich fianc Caledon Hockley for this poor artist, Jack.
However, the Titanic collides with an Iceberg and sinks on April 15th,
1912 at 2:20 in the morning. Surprisingly, Jack dies and Rose survives.
Eighty-four years later, Rose tells the story about her life on Titanic
to her grand daughter and friends and explains the first sight of
Jack-how she fell in love and how they fought for survival.The theme of the movie is that love is worth more than material things.
Cameron uses real actors that some people believe is based on a true
story. Written in 1912, the dialogue is appropriate for the time
period. Located in the Atlantic Ocean, this movie was actually based on
some real occurrences. The film's soundtrack made the movie more
enjoyable, especially the song by Celine Dion "My Heart Will Go On".
			
There are many who say Titanic is "overrated", "over-hyped" or some
might inexplicably go as far to say "boring" and "pointless". The
hardly arguable biggest blockbuster of the 90s, grossing near 2 billion
at the box office and winning 11 Academy Awards including Best Picture,
has attained some hate from people over the years, people who love to
hate this movie for everything they so wrongly think it is not and
never will be. It has, however, attained a very positive social status
among a lot of people whom their hearts were captured by this
masterpiece. Those people can see just how magnificent of a movie this
really is, and how underrated a classic it appears to be in today's
film society; a dazzling and striking accomplishment in itself and
never overlooked, but unfairly maligned by many.The movie, aside from being set on the Titanic and called Titanic,
actually has a love story that renders up most of the movie time, as
most would already know. This love story, is positively brilliant in
every sense of the word. I am always amazed and captivated to watch it
play out on screen, because Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, who
were furiously snubbed out of Best Actor/Actress awards, have wonderful
chemistry, giving me chills in lots of scenes, and they both separately
give incredulous performances that enthrall and charm every step of the
way as well. These two characters' strong likability, along with James
Cameron's directing and the entirely fascinating special effects make
this movie something much more than mere entertainment. The movie is
excellently executed in the best manner it could be, the Bill Paxton
and Gloria Stuart present day story being very interesting as well, and
a lot of the film's aspects are quite simply riveting and awe-inspiring
whether it's the love story, the intensity in all the performances or
the infamous, brilliantly portrayed sinking and sets that give true
heart to the story of the Titanic and shows it's revelation quite
undeniably like any other film on the subject.While "My Heart Will Go On", receiving the Academy Award for Best
Original Song, has attained some criticism from people as well, it
makes the perfect score and theme song for every scene it is used in
regarding the movie, especially the climax, which has had millions in
tears, had me in tears, and always has me in tears when I watch it,
even if it is not the saddest movie of all time, because it isn't. It's
a film about love, a film about disaster, a film about memories, and it
is beautifully shown how all of those three attributes tie into
peoples' lives, but I am not melancholy, I am merely pleased with how
stunning of a film it is, and how remarkably well it has held up over
the years, not being overthrown by any blockbusters in recent years in
likes of quality, in my honest opinion. James Cameron, even if not one
of my favorite directors, is very talented and it shows with this
movie. I do not understand a lot of the reasons why so many hate this,
or do not find it as remarkable of a film as fans like me do, but I
ensure you, this movie will always have a place in my heart, and will
go down as a classic, already has even and will contine to whether
haters like it or not, because of how many people were touched by it
and are still touched by it. Underrated, powerful, breath-taking movie
that, since holding up in quality on every watch, I intend to love for
many more years to come.
			
It's bitterly ironic that the biggest blockbuster of all time is not on
the IMDb's Top 250. Even stranger still, many who loved it at the time
of its release have now turned on it (just ask anyone under the age of
25). This is not due to its quality, but to its hype. It goes without
saying that a film this big had immense publicity at the time of its
release, but what no one learned until too late is that there is too
much of a good thing. People began to tire of hearing about what the
stars (especially the new heartthrob Leonardo DiCaprio) were doing, and
they were sick of hearing gossip magazines never shutting up about
"Titanic." The film had the odds against it: it's a romance, and that
is one of the most volatile genres in terms of popularity. By the time
the spoofs of the film's most famous scenes came along, "Titanic's"
reputation was already in danger. After that, people began only to see
the spoofs, and now the film's popularity has sunk to where the real
ship is.I had fond memories of the film from when it was popular, so I decided
to perform an experiment: even after the immense backlash the film
suffered, could it still hold up? The answer is a resounding YES!"Titanic" opens when a treasure hunter, Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton)
finds a drawing of a woman wearing the diamond that he is looking for.
Soon after releasing his findings, an elderly woman (Gloria Stuart)
claims that it's her in the picture. So Lovett flies her out to his
ship to tell her the story behind the diamondAs a young woman, she was
sailing to America to live the life of a boring society lady in a
loveless marriage. Planning on ending it all, she is about to jump ship
when she is saved by a young man from steerage. Thus begins a classic
love story that is doomed from the start by complications other than
those they began with.The reason the film is so good is because the two central characters
are brilliantly written and acted. Leonardo DiCaprio became an instant
heartthrob to girls around the world (something he apparently hated),
and it's not hard to see why. DiCaprio has everything to make the male
lead of an epic romance work: he's good-looking and talented (Winslet
was honored with an Oscar nomination for her performance, although it's
hard to understand why DiCaprio was left out, because he equals her).
Jack Dawson is an immensely likable guy. He falls hard for Rose,
someone who he knows is clearly out of his league. But he's so
immensely likable that we want him to win Rose's heart. His new lover,
Rose, is no ordinary society girl, much as she tries. She can't stand
the rigidly controlled life she's going to lead, and Jack is her
escape. But while she may wear a corset, she's no damsel in distress.
She's independent and tough. The romance works because Jack and Rose
are meant for each other.Their supporting cast is excellent. The two most important supporting
characters are Rose's fiance, Cal Hockley, and her mother, Ruth
(Frances Fisher). Cal Hockley is a vicious snob with a constant sneer
on his face. He comes from a wealthy family, and will do anything to
get what he wants. He demands obedience from Rose, something she will
not give (to anyone, much less Cal). Her mother, Ruth, is just as
snobbish and cruel, but she's also desperate. Their family was left
virtually penniless, and she's trying to save face. As cruel and
despicable as they are, neither one becomes a caricature. Zane and
Fisher should have dually been honored with awards for their acting.
Bates is especially noteworthy as the delightfully brash "new money"
Molly Brown."Titanic" was the most expensive film of the 20th century, and it's
clear that every penny was put to good use. "Epic" doesn't begin to
describe this movie. It's huge in spectacle, and the sinking of the
ship, which takes up the last half hour, is jaw-dropping. But that's
not the only place where the effects were used. We never get a sense
that we're looking at sets or CGI; from every frame of the ship, we
believe that we are on the ship with the characters. Interesting note:
Cameron actually went down to the wreckage and filmed footage there.
But that doesn't stop there. Cameron wrote a script that allows us to
view every part of the ship (and in a way that's plausible.James Cameron has long been considered a god of action movies, but this
is the first time his skills were honored. Not only is Cameron a wizard
with special effects, he is also a master storyteller. "Titanic" is a
long film (as all epics are), but not one of the 3+ hours of footage is
wasted. The film moves, and there is never a dull spot. He knows the
speed at which a person gets involved in the story, and uses this to
his advantage. But the biggest accomplishment is that he makes the
romance, one of the most difficult genres to dabble in, work with
immense effectiveness. The romance burns up the screen, so much that
we're more concerned with Jack and Rose's fates than we are taking in
the sight of the sinking ship. And the scene where Jack draws Rose's
picture is potently erotic (especially for a PG-13 movie, which shows
not real nudity or sex, but it is strongly implied).I realize that I am not writing this to people who haven't seen the
movie (are there such people?). I am writing it to those who are now
convinced that this is a sappy and painfully bad film. I assure you:
it's as good as it was the first time you saw it.
			
This is such a good movie oh my goodness, i could watch it all day,
everyday. The cast is amazing The storyline is amazing even though the
romance part isn't completely true. And overall I love titanic,
learning about it , stories, m=videos anything so this is great. Sad
what happened in real life though.
			
Titanic is a movie I've seen countless times since I was a little kid
and it came out. This movie is one that seems to polarize people to
extremes. Some love it and will call it one of the best movies they've
seen and others will hate it and label it one of the worst. As far as
where I stand on it today, I still believe it is a very good film that
benefits from marvelous special effects. Jack wins his way onto the
Titanic in a poker game and runs into first class rich girl, Rose, when
she is hanging off the end of the ship, apparently about to commit
suicide. Jack saves her and they start spending a lot of time together,
which really pisses off Rose's rich, but unpleasant fianc, Cal
Hockley. The story is told by the 102 year old Rose, as treasure seeker
Brock Lovett searches for a diamond that was given to Rose by Cal on
the boat. The movie has its share of problems. The dialogue, at times,
can be corny, as can the actions. The acting, while serviceable most of
the time, has some terrible moments, especially from Billy Zane and
Bill Paxton. Also, the film suffers slightly from its long run time.
It's not something that bothers me a great deal, but had the film been
cut by something like 20 or 30 minutes, it would have flowed a lot
better. Titanic isn't James Cameron's best film, but it is a majestic
and epic one. I like Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet as Jack and
Rose, and I also really liked Kathy Bates as a first class passenger
that has just come into her money. This isn't one of the best films
ever, but it's, at times, fun, sad, infuriating, and joyful. There's an
emotional roller-coaster going on here.
			
Titanic is a movie of romance and drama. The director of this awesome
film is called James Cameron. Well done to the director! Titanic was
made in 1997. The main characters of this movie are Leonardo Dicaprio
and Kate Winslet. This story is about two characters, Rose (Kate
Winslet) and Jack (Leonardo Dicaprio), who meet on the Titanic. On this
boat, a terrible catastrophe will occur. The Titanic will sink. It's
terrible...The main music of this movie is very melancholic. Every time, I start
crying because I imagine it's my family on this boat...The specials effects are very realistic! But maybe it was actually
filmed in the Atlantic! I don't know, but it's possible.Personally, I really love this movie. It is amazing! If you think it
was one of the best movie ever, I agree with you! So, frankly, if
you've never seen this movie, go fast! You will not be disappointed!
Promised.And I do not lie.Go see it ! :) Clmence G.
			
I've seen "Titanic" close to 15 times and I still get Goosebumps
whenever I see the ship leaving the port. To those who put down
"Titanic" for being to romantic, I say your absolutely wrong. This
movie made a killing at the box office, and for good reason!! This film
is fantastic. " Titanic" is a one of a kind movie that will be
remembered forever.
			
James Cameron does not do small films, even his breakout film The
Terminator was hitting way above its budget. This is down to Cameron
himself and his extreme work ethic to get the money right up there on
the screen. This film often gets poor reviews from people, mainly due
to its immense commercial success. However this success is truly
deserving. There is no other film maker out there who can produce a
film on this kind of scale and still pull it off. I was lucky enough to
see it at the cinema in 1997. Straight off to even consider diving to
the Titanic wreck itself to film it for the movie would be considered
insane, Cameron did it 12 times. The film was pitched as Romeo and
Juliet on Titanic and Cameron immediately got funded. The film ran
massively over budget and there was huge concern at the time that the
whole project would implode. However Cameron knew he was onto something
special, creating a stunning replica of the Titanic itself, along with
exact decor and furniture, props, clothing, even tableware. Cameron
cast Romeo himself from the 1996 film Romeo and Juliet, Leonardo Di
Caprio. This was a masterstroke as Di Caprio was gaining unrivalled
stardom after the 1996 film. Kate Winslet is fantastic as Rose, as a
young actress to have that level of scale all resting on your
performance to make it all come to life, she pulled it off amazingly
and often does not get the credit she deserves. The real star of the
show though is the ship itself and its master film director James
Cameron. When the ship starts sinking and Cameron moves into his action
mode, there is no-one better in the world at pacing action them
Cameron, he is a master of suspense at the exact right moments. He is
an exceptional story teller and fully deserved all the accolades he has
acquired. I highly recommend Titanic and encourage you to watch it on the largest
screen possible, films like this do not come along often. The 3d Blu
ray is also exceptional and shows what can be done when a 2d film is
converted in the right hands into 3d.
			
The film "Titanic" is produced by James Cameron. It is starred by
Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet and Billy Zane. The story is about a
love story which takes place on the Titanic. This boat goes to America.
The film begins with Rose and Jack who fall in love although there are
from very different social classes. Rose is with her fianc and her
family who are very rich and Jack is very poor. What is surprised me
it's the end because it's a very beautiful and sad story at the same
time. I like this film because of the story and the main characters.
This film is very interesting there is a love story and moreover there
is the story of the Titanic which is a tragedy. Moreover, the B.O is
very well.
			
There isn't much to say about this film other than incredible. A true
epic masterpiece. I admit to seeing it five time in the theater an
countless times since then. Once you've seen the film the first time,
it's opening scene and music immediately drives you to tears and they
don't really stop for the next 3 hours and 14 minutes. As clichd as
the story of jack and Rose may be, a name had to be given to the faces
that we lost in this preventable tragedy. And what a powerful love
story it is. To have loved so deeply and passionately in such short a
time and have it stay with you forever is what everyone wishes for
themselves. A lot of flack is given to Cameron's script, and while it
could be have been better, it certainly wasn't laughable. Winslet and
DiCaprio gave incredible performances with what they were given and
this film will truly stand the test of time, due to its powerful gritty
nature. It was almost better back in the day when it was split up into
two tapes and I would never put the 2nd one in because it was too
heartbreaking to sit through. This film is truly a masterpiece. I've
seen it a dozen time and ugly cry every time.
			
Absolutely amazing film, great C.G.I, still up to date and highly
believable. Brilliant accuracy proud to see how well so much hard work
had payed off. The amount of work that went into making this film has
heavily impacted the final product and that final product is amazing
and a must watch. Additional scenes are also well done, the whole thing
is well scripted and written to be as accurate as possible. The detail
in the interiors of all rooms on the Titanic are fascinating and
sitting watching this leaves you with your jaw dropped. The sounds and
lighting used leaves you in awe from start to finish and the music is
fantastic, love the soundtrack to this film!
			
The tragic story of a maritime disaster coated with a true love story.
The story line of love breaking the social class barriers really is
beautiful. Leonardo Di Caprio and Kate Winslet are beautifully paired
in this heartfelt film about breaking free and living your life the way
that you want and not the way your social class tell you to. Kate
Winslet's portrayal of the class restricted Rose, who is fed up with
her stiff upper lip family and the restrictions of being a first class
woman. Being forced into an unhappy marriage to the over bearing and
big-headed millionaire Cal she even considers suicide. Whilst sailing
to America on the R.M.S. Titanic, Rose meets Jack Dawson, a third class
passenger. During the journey they have a whirlwind affair of passion.
But the Distaster strikes as the ship hits an ice berg and sinks. The
couple escape through flooded corridors and rooms, pursued by a torrent
of icy sea water. They escape the ship, but they don't both survive the
night in the frozen Atlantic sea.
			
Titanic, starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, and superbly
directed by James Cameron, is truly a beautiful story. The Film tells
the story of the Titanic from a different perspective. Leonardo Plays
Jack, as poor young man who just managed to get onto the Titanic, and
Kate Winslet plays Rose, a rich young lady, whom with Jack does she
fall in love DiCaprios acting is fantastic, same goes for Winslet. A lot of people complain about their acting, saying it's cheesy and
cheap. Well I have one thing to say to those people, and that is that
the acting is Supposed to be cheesy. It's a Melodrama, and it's not
trying to win Oscars for Acting.Between the Spectacular Special Effects and the Tearjerking score,
Titanic will surely leave no dry eye in the house. A Classic will live
on.
			
Titanic is movie that very popular since 1997 until nowadays. The movie
is about actor name JACK and actress name Rose that fall in love with
each other without thought about the richness or poorness. Rose is a
daughter of rich family that will gonna have engagement with person who
she doesn't love of all her heart. Jack is a poor guy but very talent
in drawing. Jack rescue Rose when Rose is about to jump from ship into
sea. And they start chatting, and give Rose a advice to live with
happiness and do something that Rose never done before. After that they
both are fall in love with each other. Otherwise, they are break apart
at the end. the first reason is Jack died by sink of ship and second is
because of Jack isn't a rich guy. Anyway, Jack is my favorite character
because he can change Rose life to be a happiness girl, he's talent,
and he have a pour heart. I feel real from Jack, he's amazing. The
favorite part of the book is when he try to calm Rose from stop jumping
into the sea, because he really give Rose a best advice to go on her
life, and don't get away from trouble. Sad scenes were types of scene
written particularly well is when the ship in sinking and everyone are
crying, telling kid that there is no problem on ship just go to bed,
but the true they are gonna die soon, and last but not least is when
musicians keep playing music to calm people feeling. The book make me
smile on love scene and cry at the end. I don't know why but when i
read to the end of each page i still keep turning new page. To be
honest, the book is really take my heart and soul into it. I do really
appreciate this book, it never out of update. I think the story is
great and i don't have any dislike part. There's no book would compare
to this book. That's my opinion to the book. I would mark out for 9
over ten of this story. The story is too good too read, people could
feel or imagine the true at that time. I would recommended this story
to all people to read.
			
TITANIC is a very impressive movie I ever watch come out at 1997. This
movie is directed by James Camero and lead actors are Rose and Jake.
The movie makeup by an old woman that was in the titanic and she told
everything about her love story in the titanic and director start note
everything that she told and start creating that movie and named it
TITANIC(1997). It a good movie was started with the show of the titanic
under the ocean and a video about inside the titanic it a good starter.
And inside the movie it very good there are nothing bad about it
everything is amazing like inside the titanic is seen like real inside
that titanic when I was young I think this movie is created before
titanic sink and graphic of the movie is very good. Talk about sound it
very good, clear, and include with a very good love song. Lead actor is
very lovable and impressive. I would like to rate this out 10/10.
			
Titanic(1997) is my favourite movie.I had watched this move 10 years
ago,and I had also watched the movie Titanic 3D (2012)on 2013. Titanic
enriches us with a romantic story of young love, passion and feelings,
full of utopias and dreams, mother and child fighting for power and
greed, idealistic and self-identified clashes within a consenting human
ambitions society and victims of their own vanity and pomposity. This
is one of the films that most shocked the general public in the last
twenty years. The huge collections that are logical because they got
obvious that Titanic has one of those stories full of strength and
feeling, with great dramatic content. If we add the stunning beauty of
the image, thanks to advances in digital technology, success is
understandable. Very successful movie, which tells the story of the
sinking of the ship, but in the background shows a passionate love
story. It achieves a harmonious balance in that, in the mix of history
and feelings, and makes it almost perfect.
			
I really love this movie. Leo and Kate is great in this movie. I've
watched this movie with commentaries and i like the way James Cameron
tells about what really happened in 1912 and what life was like at that
time. I love all the rooms in the boat that they have made exactly as in the
real Titanic. I love the scenes when all the rooms come underwater and
the deleted scene when leo and lovejoy fight in the dining room. Its
the longest scene ever taken out of a movie. I also like the simulation
of the boat when its underwater.It's my favorite movie with Leonardo dicapro and Kate winslet.
			
Titanic is an emotional, heart wrenching roller coaster type of film.
One minute you will be laughing at how cute Leonardo DiCaprio is and
the next minute you will be crying as you watch the ship sink into the
deep ocean. The film's sole purpose was to one, show the history of the
"unsinkable" ship, but on the other hand it takes a closer look at the
passengers on the ship. There were two different types of people on the
Titanic, the upper class, which was filled with the wealthy and well
off people, and then there was the lower class, full of poor and not so
well off people. As the movie progresses you see who belongs to where
and how the classes get along with each other. As it introduces the
characters, we the audience all fall in love with Jack (Leonardo
DiCaprio) so does Rose (Kate Winslet). Rose is a young, gorgeous,
wealthy girl traveling back to America to marry her horrible fianc,
Cal (Billy Zane), and Jack is a cute, intelligent, but poor boy who
snuck onto the ship. In this interesting romance between Rose and Jack
there's also a panic rising deep within Cal as he begins to realize
there just might be something going on between Jack and Rose. Rose and
Cal are part of the upper class and their costumes and dialogue really
show their class well. By this i mean that Rose and Cal wear nice and
neat clothes and expensive jewelry and they speak all proper and tight
and clean. On the other hand you have Jack, he's part of the lower
class and dresses kind of sloppy and in rags it looks like and his
slang is in no comparison to the proper way of speech the class above
him uses. Still though, Jack and Rose can see past each others flaws
and riches and manage to fall in love almost instantly. But putting the
romance and drama aside, there's something even more interesting about
to happen, a mysterious iceberg. As we all know the ship Titanic is
indeed, sinkable. As the ship is sinking, that's when things become
real and suspenseful and emotional and scary. You're on the edge of
your seating biting your nails literally praying for the inevitable. On
another note, James Cameron did an amazing job recreating a completely
believable Titanic. I honestly thought it was real i had no idea he
recreated it on a computer. The sinking scenes were just as horrific on
screen as they were the night it was a reality to so many people. I was
so transfixed onto the screen i couldn't believe it. The cinematic for
this movie were incredibly believable and just utterly beautiful. I do
not think anyone else could have done a better job at recreating such a
horrific night but still make it into a love story at the same time.
The music was yet another memorable aspect of this film. It was warming
and heart touching during the love scene. It then turned into a calm
serene as the violinists play while the ship is sinking. When Jack and
Rose are "flying" at the bow of the ship, the music that is playing was
used for the mood and for the effect of the emotions being displayed on
Rose's face as Jack touches her to help her "fly". The music is used to
perceive the mood and emotions being displayed during a particular
scene. Whether it was calm to frantic, or warm love back to sad with
sorrow, the music was used in a most incredible way and it really made
the scenes pop and stand out to me. Lastly, in my opinion you don't
just watch this type of movie, you really feel everything the
characters are feeling. When they were crying or screaming, then you
were too. When Jack and Rose are falling madly in love, I was too.
James Cameron set this amazing atmosphere for his audience that just
reels us in and we can't be pulled out. Over all i can say that i love
this movie. The historical details were on point, the story-line was
just utterly beautiful but heart wrenching as well, the cinematography
was used amazingly, and the music and characters were portrayed nicely.
This film as both thumbs up from me!
			
Titanic Review James Cameron's Titanic is a crazy love drama that
brings people to love the movie more and more and it sucks you in it,
and it is a crazy emotional roller coaster for any of the people that
haven't seen it for the first and they are seeing it now you will be
crying your hearts out. It is about two teenagers that fall in love in
a boat on its way to New York, which brings the light out the boys and
girls eyes and it help. Titanic is about a ship that is 'unsinkable' of
the historical matter and the love stories from Rose (Kate Winslet)
point of view of the movie throughout the whole movie. Rose is 17 years
old and she feels in love with a boy that boards the boat Jake
(Leonardo DiCaprio). Titanic won 11 Oscars for the filming and
cinematography of the movie. We meet Rose's character when she firsts gets on the ship to the SS
Titanic she is a rich and classy she is in the 1st class of the ship
she has a lot of money and she is engaged to Cal her fianc and they
are going to be getting married. Jake (Leonardo DiCaprio) first time we
see him is when he is playing poker and he wins and he gets send to the
SS Titanic to go on a trip with friend Fabrizio (Danny Nucci). The boat
was about to leave but they made it to SS Titanic before it left the
dock. How Jake and Rose is the most sweet cute amazing gesture I love
it so much. The character of Rose and Jake played by (Leonardo and Kate
Winslet). The cinematography of the movie is amazing and how they use
the flashback scenes and how they switch with Old Rose telling the
story back to the teenage rose. The developing of Jake and Rose in the
movie and how Kate and Leonardo play the character and how to make it
more developed and how the ship is the place that Jake and Rose fell in
love for the first time and they are a young couple. It received a lot
of money it received over $200 Million dollars. Jake and Rose loving
and relationships in the movie shows a lot of how much the love in the
movie develops and how it puts everyone in good, the cinematography in
the movie is amazing some of my favorite cinematography scene is when
the boat is about to sink and the color and the music changes and how
the color changes though the movie and how they change up the color and
sound of the movie. The cinematography of when Jack and Rose are
hanging on the side and are on the railing of the boat and the color
changes because of how the sunset and how they show the relationship
with the time and the scene of the movie. The cinematography is amazing
and that it is why they won a Oscar for best cinematography. Titanic
won Best Picture,Best Director(James Cameron), Best Costume Design,Best
Sound, Best Film Editing,Best Effects, Sound effects editing, Best
Effects Visual Effects,Best Music Original Song, and Best Music
dramatic score Leonardo and Kate were nominated for Best Actor and
Actress but they never won and Leonardo has never won a Oscar and he
deserve to win a Oscar. Titanic is amazing wonderful and it is a
emotional roller coaster and it will put you through a lot, i watched
it the first time and i love it and it is amazing movie it is going to
be a amazing roller coaster. Titanic is a amazing movie and it is a
roller coaster you might love it as much as me.Titanic is a great movie
such a great romantic drama movie.
			
Titanic (1997) Titanic, released in 1997, is a timeless film starring Leonardo
DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. The film is set in the ocean traveling from
Europe to America, on a grand "unsinkable" cruise ship. In the beginning of this movie, the quote was said "not even God
himself could sink this ship", which is foreshadowing the events we
know not just in the movie, but also in real life. This quote was said
to have been spoken in real life, 1912, when the ship actually sank. It
was a fantastic move on the director's part, not only to foreshadow the
ship sinking in the movie, but to retain the historical accuracy of the
story, at least as it is believed. The directors and producers of this movie started off showing real
footage of the sunken ship, mixed with some CGI footage, however, you
can't tell the difference. Upon coming across a safe hidden inside the
ship, they removed it and brought it to the surface, hoping to find
money or treasure. However, the only thing they find undamaged is a
painting, of whom they don't know. Soon, they DO find the woman in the
painting. Her name is Rose (Gloria Stuart). Rose comes to the
researchers and they show her computer footage of how the ship sank,
scientifically. Rose then tells them "That's quite interesting,
however, the experience was quite different." She then goes into detail
of the story of the titanic, bringing it back to life, and telling her
experiences on board by her younger self (Kate Winslet) and the love of
her life she meets a little later, Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio).
Throughout the movie, the directors switch between the story of young
Rose and Jack on the ship, to old Rose telling the story.During the story that old Rose is telling, you see it played out on the
screen, mostly in CGI. The difference between what is real and CGI is
almost undetectable. The entire ship itself, along with the 300+ people
on the deck, are all CGI. I think the directors and crew working with
the CGI did such a wonderful job, and I personally didn't know the
difference between what was CGI and real film until watching a short
documentary on the subject. The script writing for this film was
amazing. The movie draws you in and shows you what it would have been
like aboard the titanic in both first and third class. When Rose meets
Jack, you can feel the connection they have together and it's
heartbreaking when her mother says she doesn't want them to be
together. The film uses a lot of emotional appeals to make you feel for
the characters, especially when the ship sinks. You fall so in love
with these characters that I find it almost impossible not to cry.
Overall, Titanic was an amazing movie and I recommend everyone watch it
at some point.
			
This is going to be a short review for Titanic.Plot: The plot of the film is really amazing. If you want a three-hour
long love story, this is the movie for you. Another movie worth
watching is "A Walk to Remember", starring Mandy Moore and it is a
movie that I have seen and it is spectacular. The entire 196-minute
picture centers around two lovers: one rich girl named Rose DeWitt
Bukater and poor artist Jack Dawson (portrayed nicely by Kate Winslet
and Leonardo DiCaprio) as members of different social classes who fall
in love aboard the ship during it's ill-fated maiden voyage.Characters and Story: James Cameron wrote a story that shines out, but
the dialogue is very clichd and cheesy in a few areas. The characters
are all well portrayed and I give to the two main actors, also credit
to Billy Zane, who plays Cal, he is the character you want to hate.
Kathy Bates, Bernard Hill, Frances Fisher, Johnathan Hyde, Danny Nucci,
David Warner, Bill Paxton and the late Gloria Stuart, who plays older
Rose in this film and she should have deserved an Oscar.Visuals: This is where the movie shines. James Cameron wanted to make a
movie about the Titanic and it shows, with it's $200 million dollar
budget and he made this movie historically accurate as possible. The
ship's sinking scene is one of the coolest thing they could do with CGI
and practical effects and it is awesome.Sound / Music: The music is awesome and fantastic. James Horner
composed a musical score and he is fantastic. The film's theme song,
"My Heart Will Go On", performed by Celine Dion and I love it and a lot
of people has did covers of this song and I listen to this version and
it was fantastic.Enjoyment: TITANIC is a good classic, epic romantic disaster film that
I have no problem watching once in a while. The film won 11 Oscars
including Best Director, Best Picture and Best Original Song. It made
$2 billion dollars worldwide and it is just fantastic. 10/10.
			
I can congratulate to James Cameron for the directing the movie of
"Titanic", I saw the scene was the iceberg hit the ship on the
starboard side. I could ask Jim for some surprise for the book on the
ship for the pictures was in it. So, I have a book called "Lusitania:
An Illustrated Biography" by J. Kent Layton with Artwork by Tom Lear. I
can ask him for some scriptwriting with it. I could it the name for the
movie with 'Hamlet' on the ship. So, that is how it happened and now, I
have work to do for my animation. I guess I'll be working harder as I
thought. Don't worry, I will be reading for some books for some
biography to do for it. Thank you so much.
			

You managed to push this film off the IMDb top #250 list and push its
rating down to 7.5. Now I would not say this is the greatest film ever made
(that honor should go to "Seven Samurai" or even the best American film ever
made (that honor should go to "Casablanca"), but you can't tell me that
there are more than 250 films better than this one. Certainly not "The Three
Colours" trilogy, the most overrated set of foreign films to come out in
recent years!I just have one request for the more than 18,000 people who felt
compelled to vote for this movie--please rent "The Quiet Man."! Only 900
people have bothered to vote for this masterpiece which is far greater than
"Titanic"--and I'm a "Titanic" fan! If nearly 20,000 watch this film and
vote their honest opinion, there is no doubt that "The Quiet Man" would
vault to the top 10 in the top #250 list. Thank you very
much.
			

I find it interesting that so many people take the time to trash this movie.
They can't understand why so many people have taken this film to heart.
Well, it is after all, just another piece of artistic work.  And like all
such endeavors--beauty is in the eyes of the beholder!  Not everyone thinks
the Mona Lisa, or the Eiffel Tower,  or even the Viet Nam Memorial Wall are
worthy of praise.I've seen "Titanic" many, many times.  And in my opinion, it will stand the
test of time as one the greatest films of ever made.  I realize not everyone
agrees,  and I wouldn't expect that,  but please don't infer that I'm stupid
for loving this movie. 
			

The Titanic disaster has been a subject of several movies and books, but yet
Jim Cameron's epic masterpiece TITANIC exceeds the greatest expectations. It
is the most powerful human drama ever since Gone With the Wind, and it
has became the most celebrated movie in the history. The cast, the sets, the
wardrobe, and finally the events that lead to tragedy, have captured the
hearts of millions around the world.The sets and scenes are made with as much accuracy to detail as possible, no
liberties to sets and scenes are made. All the possible details have been
included, both constructional and historical details. The filming crew took
as few liberties with the accepted history as possible.The 775-feet Titanic set they built for the movie was described by Ken
Marschall, one of the leading Titanic historians of present day later
described it "I still can't think of it as a movie set. Today I still call
it the Titanic" (Titanic: Breaking New Ground)James Cameron's TITANIC is without a doubt the most accurate version of the
ship, the people, and the events that took place on the North Atlantic, in a
cold April night in 1912.
			

TITANIC
Titanic is one of the year's best films. The story is based on actual events
of the tragic Titanic voyage. Since everyone knows what happens to the
Titanic, James Cameron adds a interesting twist to the story. A ship in the
present sends a probe into the Titanic to locate a diamond but instead finds
a picture of a naked lady. The lady who is in the drawing calls the man who
found the picture. She tells her story about her time spent on the Titanic.There is a lot interesting scenes in the movie in addition to being
powerful and dramatic. It is a very long movie but the time passes so well
that you don't even notice that much. The shots of the Titanic in some
scenes were quite good. This movie is definitely a must see especially on the
big screen. Rated PA
			

Titanic is the most emotionally powerful and visually
beautiful film created in a long time.
At last we have a film that gives us raw emotions and romance
and lets us dream of true love, passions, beauty and tragedy
without any of the usual sarcasm and ugly bitterness and
disillusions of modern films where love and tenderness
are
ugly words.Titanic lets us escape and experience something greater andmore important than the usual self-preoccupied and self-analyzing plots of
the modern film. It is a complete
return to the bigger-than-life characters and drama of
the
old classics and its huge success proves that people are desperately
searching for a sense of tenderness, warmth and true love that this film
succeeds so beautifully
to convey.The emotional impact of Leonardo DiCaprio's and Kate Winslet's
performances is almost unique in its strength and through
their
extraordinarily beautiful and expressive faces we suddenly
stop
being ourselves and become one with them and their love and passion,
devotion and sacrifice.Visually this is one of the most stunningly, breathtakingly
beautiful films ever made. The colours are brilliant and luminous, and there
is an unusual shimmer and depth to the light
which adds to the beauty.James Horner's music is truly haunting and profoundly romantic.
It masterfully blends with the visual drama and enhances
the
emotional experience in a unique way.The performances of every actor and actress are excellent,
and
there is no weakness anywhere which is unusual and which
typifies an outstanding film.
In my view Leonardo DiCaprio's performance is grossly and unfairly
underrated as his acting is intimately connected with
Kate Winslet's to the point where they are artistically
inseparable. He should clearly have been nominated for an
Oscar
alongside Kate Winslet and their contributions to cinema
history
should have afforded them both with Oscar statuettes, which
went
as so often before to inferior but politically more correct
performers.However, the ultimate reward is of course the fact that
Titanic
will always remain one of the greatest and best loved films
in history.Caroline FridSWEDENcaroline.frid@malmo.mail.telia.com
			

This is the best movie I've ever seen. It's very historically accurate, they
even used the same type of wood that was on the real Titanic. I don't know
why some people don't like this movie. Every time I read a bad comment I ask
myself. "Do these people know anything about the REAL Titanic" or "Have they
even seen it". The actors were great. As well as the special
effects.
			

I thought that it would be a struggle to watch a film of this length. I
never noticed the time at all. And I went and watched it a second time
within a week. The seats and cinemas in provincial UK are not noted for
their comfort...Waiting impatiently for the video.
			

I find it hard to relate to those of you out there who hate this movie.  Bad
acting?!  Terrible dialogue?!  Well, we're all entitled to our opinions I
suppose, but for me, this film is a wonderful experience!  It's there to be
enjoyed, hate it if you must, but you're the ones missing out.Is it perfect?  No, its a bit tricky to make a perfect movie, but if you're
so fussy that you're looking for all the errors in a film, that you can't
ignore them, then again, that's your problem.  Personally, I loved it, I'll
forgive the few, and what I consider to be minor errors, and look forward to
owning it :)
			

- The most romantic film I have ever seen.
- It is not strange to cry while you are watching the film.
- The worst of all is, that a lot of people die because of the
vanity.
- The most romantic moment: When Rose throws the diamond to the
sea.
- Two great actors who had the luck of work together.
- I will never forget all what this film wants to show us.
			

TITANIC was a life changing experience for me, even as cliche' as it may
sound.  I went to see the film just by chance.  I had not heard much about
it at the time, and just went to see it because it was a new film that had
just opened.  It forever changed my life.  I've now seen it 14 times in all,
12 a the theatre.  Each time I see the film it is as if I am really aboard
the great ship, and I feel what the characters feel.  James Cameron has done
a magnificent job of expressing the emotions and feeling of each character,
and it never ceases to touch my soul.
			

This film is a first-rate film. The actors and actresses were fantastic and
the whole thing was very moving. The special effects were amazing and you
came out of the cinema in complete stupor. An excellent film for the big
screen but the small screen may not be as good.
			

I was one of the hold outs that only saw this on video.  Decided to buy the
widescreen even though it wasn't a director's cut.  I loved it.  The first
time I saw it I was stunned by the portrayal of all those people dying.  The
love story left me a little cold.  The second time I started getting over
Leo looking 16 (forget Leo - what about Jonathan Phillips -- 2nd officer
Lightoller?) and Kate looking 22 and started watching the love story.  It is
a beautiful love story/triangle.  I was touched by the scene where Rose
could have "opened her heart" but chose the path to stay closed.  (A
portrayal of a critical juncture in many relationships.)After I read a lot on the Titanic I realized that many of the situations and
lines (probably that others say are cheesy) are exact quotes or similar
situations that happened on the real Titanic - albeit to other people.  Such
as a steward telling someone who broke a door that he would have to pay for
that. And many, many others.  I was also impressed on how accurate Cameron
portrayed what we know about the shipwreck.  Although I  am disappointed on
a few glaring errors - i.e. Murdock closing the watertight doors after the
ship struck instead of before, Andrews being aware of the ship hitting
something.  Or don't agree with a few of the portrayals - Bruce Ismay was
too evil and there is a lot of dispute on which, if any, officer shot
himself.Overall, this film has been one of the best I have seen.  A joy to watch and
one I will probably watch over and over.  I hope a director's cut is
released with more of "A Night to Remember" details.  Cameron is one of my
favorite directors - Aliens, The Abyss, Terminator and he didn't let me down
here.Although, I tried to talk my father into seeing it and he said, "why would I
want to see a bunch of people drown?"  I should have said, "they don't
drown, mostly they freeze to death."  But that probably wouldn't have swayed
him.
			

I don't usually cast a vote for movies, but this movie was incredibly
compelling.  It has my vote for best direction and screenplay.  Despite
comments to the contrary, I thought the two main protagonists, did a
FANTASTIC job.  This was a very well made, correographed, and well written 
(re-write) of a movie.  It was incredible in every detail.  I thoroughly
enjoyed every minute, and this will be in my DVD library forever.  I only
wish they made Gold Standard DVD, this would be a classic masterpiece, of
which I would proudly display (and watch) to serve as a reminder just how
well done this movie is.  I didn't realize the true story of what happened,
until the events unfolded in this outstanding film.  This movie gets my
vote as perhaps my favorite movie of all time.  Certainly, you cannot deny,
its impact on the entire world, because as of the date of this comment, its
the best selling movie.. by at least double.. of ALL time.  I would say,
its the best overall movie, even though I myself prefer Sci-Fi/Fantasy
movies.  This movie moved me, and I, even being a man, am not afraid to say
, stirred feelings I never knew I had.  I was angry, upset, frightened, and
shocked all at the same time.  This movie is perhaps the only movie to date
, in my mind, worth the title: Number 1.
			

Titanic is truly an epic motion picture and in my opinion one of the best
films of all time.  The movie has a deep and powerful center to it that
cannot be accurately described in words.  All I can say, is that I felt
like it was more like an experience than just a movie.  You almost felt as
if you were on the Titanic.  Everything about the movie is awesome from the
soundtrack to the special effects.  James Cameron is a great director and I
would like to thank him for making such an amazing film.
			

Depending on what crowd you're a part of, it may be cool to your friends to
like *everything* that is popular without forming your own opinion.  Or,
conversely, it might be cool to *hate* everything popular without thinking
about it.  This seems to be the basis of most amateur reviews of Titanic I
've read.  The truth is that this is a terrific film which emotionally
chronicles the death of 1500 people on a doomed luxury liner.  Every movie
needs a plot, though, or the fantastic last third of the film would have no
meaning.  I am not a particular fan or detractor of either Leo, Kate, or
James, but all three work their professions to perfection.  Jim writes and
directs the film with real feeling and intelligence, and only in the movies
is dialogue also perfect.  There is never any confusion as to what is going
on at any moment, and Leo and Kate both give outstanding performances as
the doomed lovers.  The historical characters are cast with uncanny
resemblance (especially E. J. Smith), and the effects are so perfect that
you hardly realize that what you're looking at is not real, and probably
wouldn't know if you hadn't been told.  Horner's soundtrack is at first
wondrous, and becomes haunting as Titanic's fate is sealed.  My only bone
is that Cameron doesn't know port from starboard.  The bottom line is that
this is one of few films I've seen where the fate of the characters is of
utmost importance to the viewer.  You know Kate survives the wreck, and
Kathy Bates as well, but what about the rest.  These characters have the
feeling of being real, breathing, men and women, and for good reason:  many
of them *were*.  This is not a tragedy that belongs in a pop culture tug of
war.  I've seen the film only twice, and have been moved both times.  And
perhaps the best thing about historical dramas like this is best summed up
in Hitchcock's own view on suspense.  When the viewer knows the potential
outcome, but the characters don't (Hitchcock explained it as two men at a
table discussing baseball, while only the viewer is privy to the fact of a
bomb ticking beneath the table).
Titanic is a marvelous film, and the budget, politics, etc, involved in the
Hollywood aspect of this memorable masterpiece are moot.  If the film had
not won an Oscar, it would still be among the five best films in the 100
year history of cinema.
			

First of all I'm a girl and of course everyone is going to think right off
that I wanted to see the movie because of Leonardo DiCaprio (Jack Dawson).
Wrong, I just love a good movie. I think James Cameron did a great job, and
I praise him on his work. As for the actors & actresses, they were all
wonderful. They could not have picked a better actress then Kate Winslet
(Rose), she did a wonderful job. There was one character I did not like and
that was Cal (Rose's Fiance), but Billy Zane played the character well and
he fit the image that I would have of that kind of man. I liked how the
movie showed the wreck of the Titanic after all those years and then Rose
came into the part and started telling the story. If it would have went
straight into the story I don't think that it would have been as good. It
sort of gave the movie a little twist. The detail was good. There was a few
places were you could tell that the ship was computer animated, and the
part with the dolphins you could tell it was not real. Overall the movie
was great and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone. 
			

I didn't see Titanic until May 98 and really didn't expect to like it much
but I was swept away by it; the only word I could use to describe it when
people asked if I liked it was "incredible". I've now seen it 3 times and
that's not the easiest thing to do when you've got a newborn baby!! 3 hour
movies kind of cut it fine between feeds! But I managed because Titanic is
a sublime film experience and I've never felt so touched by a movie; in
fact 3 and a bit hours wasn't long enough and I hope there will be a
director's cut because there is a fair bit of important historical facts
and features omitted but I read they were left on the cutting-room floor. I'm no Leo fan and at first it seemed inappropriate casting him with Kate
Winslet, who was wonderful as usual, but 2 viewings later it seemed right
and I was into the love story side of it. Winslet and DiCaprio work well
together and are believable if you can get past the notion that he looks
15 and she seems so "mature" when in fact I think they are about the same
age. The special effects, direction, editing and especially the costumes
and sets were truly awe-inspiring. I could go on and on about the good
features of the film such as how close some actors looked to the characters
they played e.g. Capt. Smith, J. Bruce Ismay, Thomas Andrews, Margaret
Brown, Ida and Isidor Straus and more. The only downside to Titanic was
some sections of the script that were corny and ham-fisted but no film is
entirely faultless and I think Titanic deserved all the Oscars it received
and, contrary to popular belief, it is not only Leo-maniacs who give this
movie it's box-office success and seeing it doesn't turn you into one
either. There are many scenes from Titanic that will probably stay with me
forever; this film grabs you and won't let you go. The class stereotypes
were unfortunate and we don't get an accurate picture of the way many
people behaved during the sinking; Cameron seemed to ignore the fact that
many first-class men willingly gave their lives and the way First Officer
Murdoch was portrayed was disgusting. But apart from those few things it is
a triumph for James Cameron and everyone involved in creating Titanic. 

			

Jealousy.  It's a powerful thing, wouldn't you say?  In fact, so much that
people would ridicule and bash a film that gained so much popularity.  It
is all a matter of jealousy.  If you hear anyone tell you otherwise, they
are lying.  The people who bash the film are the same people who thought it
would flop.  Because it didn't, they are trying to find new things to
complain about it.  "It's too long..." and all that crap.  Of course,
ironically, these are the people who just love Gone With the Wind, which is
even longer, running at 4 hours!  Titanic is a great film.  It's a tragic love story... simple, but completely
effective.  It's haunting in it's portrayal of Jack and Rose.  The film was
supposed to evoke emotions, and a complex story can not do that.  If you
watch The English Patient, you don't cry.  You just watch with fascination.
Titanic makes you cry.  Simplicity is the key.  We've seen all sorts of
films on Titanic, but they all focus on cardboard characters.  By making us
care for Jack and Rose, we eventually care for everyone aboard.  Jealousy
even takes a part in the film.  This reflexivity is actually rather
humorous considering that Cal Hockley was jealous of Jack for getting Rose's
love.  Cal Hockley represents all the people that bash Titanic.  Jack
represents Titanic.  And Rose is the masses of critics and audiences that
do love it.  Did Cameron purposely write a screenplay of this type in order
to reflect how people would really feel?  I doubt it, but the similarities
are quite striking.  In a period when films are mostly centered around
special effects and style, Titanic comes along and heralds back to the old
days of making films.  But, when it tries to do this, it gets ridiculed by
many.  These people should take heed because if they do this, they are
giving themselves bad names... they would rather watch Armageddon than
Titanic.  Gone With The Wind is the most obvious comparison here.  When
watching it today for the first time, I thought the romance was lame,
because it wasn't romantic.  It displayed a moronic lead female who couldn't
make up her mind.  Titanic is a postmodernistic tale of love that we
should all comprehend.  We would just love to find someone like Jack or
Rose.  But alas most of us won't.  Watching it on screen is the closest we
will come.  People that bash it are obviously haters of love, and maybe
never feel anything at all.  Titanic is a great film.  The best of 1997 and
one of the best ever made.  Cameron has done something no one ever expected
: he made a successful film based entirely on love.  Now, how ironic is that
?
			

yes, Titanic is almost a perfect movie.  It has made a big impact in my life
at a particularly difficult time.  I want to thank Jim, Leo, Kate, and the
entire cast and crew for bringing me the hours of enjoyment this film has
brought me.  
			
Titanic was great.  I originally saw the previews and thought
"O.k. this
movie looks cool when the ship is sinking and the guy is shooting at Kate
and Leo.  Aside from that it looks like another soppy love story.  I'll
watch it anyways."  So I sat in the theater and my view changed.  Sure it
had a love story but the effects where great.  For the entire movie you get
wonderful shots of the Titanic the real one and the movie set one, you get
to see Kate topless and half the movie is the ship sinking.  Some of the
shots are slightly like previous Cameron films.  For example Shots of the
Titanic slowly changing from how it looked like then to how it looks like
now.  Sort of like the scene in T2 where the playground in the present
time slowly changes into the burning play ground of the future.  Anyways
back to Titanic.  The sinking of the ship is done very well.  You get to
see people bouncing of the bars and other parts of the ship and jumping for
their life as the ship goes down.  Anyways if you want to give this movie a
chance on September 1st 1998 Give 3 hours of your life to watching a film
and rent Titanic (Try to get in letterbox format).
			
I had a crush on this boy and we were sorta friends. I have tried too
convince myself out of the crush but was not successful. Then I saw
this movie, I saw how much he loved her so I thought I want someone
like that forget him. I basically cried the last hour that movie
touched me in places I didn't know I had.Elianna Kaplan
			
Great movie,It's hard to find a moment in the film that isn't great.
Titanic lives up to the term masterpiece, Excellent graphics! An epic
masterpiece! I've seen this movie 99s of times and never tire of it.
With the centenary of the Titanic disaster, the new 3D version
introduces the movie to a whole new generation.
			
Review Title: Titanic Media: Film/Movie Genre: Action, Disaster, Drama,
Romance Description: Titanic is a movie about a love story taken place
on a ship that was known for being un-sinkable. Two main characters are
Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. The two played two different
classes of people that weren't supposed to fall in love, but did. On
the voyage, the ship and everyone on it came across a huge iceberg.
They tried to miss it but the size was larger than what was expected.
The ship split down the middle, throwing everyone off causing more than
1,500 people to drown and freeze to death. Backstory: Now 101 years
old, Rose Dewitt Bukater (played by Kate Winslet) told her
granddaughter and the Keldysh crew about her life in 1912 April 10th.
When Rose was younger she abroad Titanic with her upper-class mother
and fianc. Also, at the time, Jack Dawson (played by Leonardo
DiCaprio) played a game with his friends for a third-class ticket on
the ship. The two were not meant to be together, not even meant to come
across each other. The two days on the Titanic before the horrible
incident occurred, Rose and Jack spent most of the time there with each
other. He drew her like one of his "French girls" wearing only the
rarest diamond, the Heart of the Ocean. The romance kept getting
deeper, but her fianc had a different plan for them. Out of jealousy,
her fianc, Cal, locks Jack into a room, handcuffed and not able to get
out. While Jack is in the room, where no one can hear him yell to get
him out, the ship collides with the iceberg. Rose goes and looks for
Jack and the ship is beginning to take on water. Finally, Rose gets
Jack out and they go to the top to get on a rescue boat to stay alive.
As the ship lowers, Jack and Rose are fighting death of the freezing
water. Unfortunately, Jack did not make it alive but Rose did. After 84
years, Rose began to tell her heroic, tragic, but love story while
being on the "unsinkable" ship, Titanic. Judgment: Titanic is one of
the best movies that was made. It was well informative on what took
place in 1912. It showed the history, the disaster, and the love that
was taken place on the historical ship. It has a full story of events
that occurred and it was well acted and directed. Reasons/Evidence:
Rose Bukater told her story. There was actual footage of the sunken
ship. The producers and crew told the whole story and not a short
section of it. The movie had a budget of $200 million dollars, which
showed everything that happened from start to end. Relevant
Comparisons: Avatar, The Notebook, Forrest Gump Criteria: 1. Is the
story real? 2. Is the acting good? 3. Did it look fake? 4. Does it have
a good story? 5. Was all the history correct?
			
(WARNING: may contain some SPOILERS)I'm a child and I absolutely love this movie. At my school I am
criticized for loving Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet in this love
story. In the past year we lost an amazing man and terrific film
composer. I had been a fan of his since 2009, the first time I had seen
this movie. James Horner was an amazing man who could make your heart
ache from the very first note played to HIS final coda. The love between Leo and Kate's characters is heart breaking and
tragic. I had been an avid lover of titanic and decided that I should
watch the movie and I instantly fell in love with the whole story. I may not be in love with the movie now as I was then but I still enjoy
watching it even though it gets harder each time in the months that
passed since James Horners death in June 2015.I know people criticize Cline for the song but in my honest opinion I
think the collaboration between her Horner and Will Jennings was the
best collaboration ever. The song, which has been one of my favorites
for a long time, really hit the tragic love story on the mark. The idea
that two people can meet in the oddest of circumstances and make love
happen is really extraordinary.Jim Cameron really hit the mark with this movie. Sure, there may be
some historical inaccuracies, but you shouldn't hate on the man for
being fascinated with something that the world has been fascinated with
since her sinking in 1912. Many movies had been made on the ship and
hit more of the actual historical accuracies but this one really takes
the cake.
			
Frankly I don't care what cynical people say about Titanic whether they
say it's overrated or it's too long or it didn't deserve to be one of
the highest grossing movies of all time or it didn't deserve to win 11
Oscars. I mean I'm a guy and I'm not ashamed to say Titanic moved me to
tears and is one of my favourite movies. There is a reason why it won
Best Picture at the Oscars as well as many other rewards. It takes the tragic story of Titanic and mixes with a classic love
story as well as adventure and some horror and turns it into a film
that is so beautiful to look at. Leonardo DiCaprio as Jack Dawson and
Kate Winslet as Rose DeWitt Bukater make such a wonderful and beautiful
couple and act their parts perfectly. The movie is also brilliantly
directed by one of my favourite directors, James Cameron and this is up
there with his other masterpieces like Avatar, Terminator 2 and Aliens.
Not to mention the music matches well with the movie thanks to the work
of James Horner's score especially with the love scenes. But even a movie as sad and tragic has a happy ending. Like I know
people didn't like how it ending or thought it was confusing but I mean
it actually that old Rose died in her sleep and she's with everyone who
died on the Titanic, including Jack of course. So in conclusion, if
you've never seen Titanic and you like movies, prepare to have a new
favourite movie.
			
When the movie was released, I was just 2 years old and I have no idea
what was going on. I watched the movie when I was 12 and didn't get it
all because English is not my first language. But I remember that it's
the first movie that brought me to tears. And then I watched the movie
2 years ago, I was 17 years old (year 2012). That's when I fully
understand the story. And this year I rewatched the movie. And still I
feel the same way as I was years ago. What can I say?!? I'm really
moved and to be honest, I talked about it with my friends the whole
week and they all laugh at me because it's been years that Titanic was
released and they said that I can't move on about the film, and that
I'm obsessed about it. Well I raised my forehead and proudly said "YES
I AM."HELLO?! That's titanic! You're a complete idiot if you're not moved by
the story and if you don't find yourself googling about it, thinking
about what could've happened if Jack was still alive, and you can't get
enough of it. I may not have my own Jack, but this film really makes me
feel that I have one. Jack's life was full of happiness and adventure.
While Rose suffered from being prison by her family's decision. Jack
sacrifices his life for Rose to have a life that she always wanted, to
see the world in a different perspective. Love and promises kept her
alive and Jack is a big part of it. True love really last forever as
long as you have that person in your thoughts and inside your heart.
True love is about making sacrifices. True love is a promise kept
forever.
			
A review of Titanic by Eli.SwI recently watched Titanic.It is an epic romantic disaster film
starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.The film director is James
Cameron.The core of the film is an epic romance. Cameron said that this
was the "great love story". While the love story appears to be the
heart of the film it is, however, the anachronistic characters of Jack
and Rose that make the film so appealing to today's audiences. The story is very gripping,exciting and romantic.It is about members of
different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during its
ill- fated maiden voyage. Unfortunately,the film has a sad ending.I think the acting is very good.DiCaprio is excellent,as usual.The
special effects and music were wonderful.I really enjoyed this film.I was crying in the end,it was very
exciting.Go to watch it if you can.
			
When this picture came out in 1998, I was only 12 years old but this
movie touched me forever. Nowadays this doesn't change. Each time I'm
watching it again, the tears are coming through and I'm still amazed by
the amazing CGI throughout the movie.Thanks to them, The Titanic, this gigantic British ship supposed to be
unsinkable but did anyway during her ill-fated maiden voyage, came back
to life and we can see how beautiful she was. Being able to recreate
her to the smallest detail is certainly a great achievement and the
result is as amazing as they could have imagined. It must have taken an
incredible amount of research hours to reach this level of realism. The
success of the picture is also the ones of all the people involved in
this project. The sinking scenes are masterfully done but don't fell in
the 'too much' view we always see in nowadays Hollywood movies. It's
spectacular without being exaggerated and more interesting, James
Cameron didn't take freedom with history. But the focus is not on the Titanic which is just the setting for a
wonderful romance between Jake (Leo Di Caprio who is just so cute) and
Rose (Kate Winslet who was the incarnated grace), two young people who
weren't supposed to be together but fall in love and fought for
survival together when the ship sinks in the middle of the Atlantic
Ocean. From my 12 years old eyes, this romance looked like a fairy
tale, It has everything to be a wonderful one: two young lovely people,
who met on the ship unexpectedly, fall in love despite their rank
differences (Jake is from common people, he is poor and succeeded to
get on board thanks to a poker game. Rose is from the high bourgeoisie,
a wife to be promised to a rich but jealous industrialist but is
boiling inside by all the rules and etiquette). But when the ship
collided with the iceberg and start sinking everything change and both
Jake and Rose will try to survive together in a freezing Atlantic Ocean
waters. What a powerful story.Today, 17 years after its release, Titanic is still a movie we are
talking about. Some love and others hate but this movie is still in
memories and I'm sure it's not willing to fade away. Leo and Kate are
renowned actors and shoots with the greatest. And me, I'm still
overwhelmed by the huge emotions this movie brings me. It's one of the
kind and will have always a special place in my heart.
			
I never thought that a ship wreck would be able to produce such an
amazing, and romantic movie. James Cameron did an amazing job at
synchronizing a horrific event in history with the everlasting love
between Jack Dawson and Rose Bukater, who was played by Leonardo
DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. Titanic is a movie that keeps you on your
toes whether it's between the two love interests or between the tragic
events that is happening to the ship, and the people while the boat
plunges into the water. To me Titanic is a five out of five movie
because of the amazing actors/actresses, the story line, the message it
relays at the end, and all the different characters that made this
movie so diverse. While watching Titanic you have no choice but to fall
in love with the characters which made me want to watch the movie even
more. The actors/actresses were amazing when portraying the characters
they were supposed to be. The way they fell into character so easily
was elegant. The director made the characters so diverse, which made it
more interesting to see how different classes of people were treated
back in 1979. The people that were chosen to portray the characters
actually looked as if they were born for that particular role. You
could feel the sincere emotions the actors were giving off while in
character which made the audience open up to the movie. The movie was
so interesting that the audience could watch the movie over and over
again and it will never get tiresome. A contributing factor to success
of Titanic was how the movie told the background of some of the
characters. They were able to tell the story behind most of the cast
members like the husband, mother, newlywed couple, and the young
unfortunate families. Some of the characters in the movie might have
not been intended to be significant, but ended up being very important
to the impact the movie had on the audience's emotions. For example
while the boat is sinking there is a mother who is tucking her kids
away into their beds. She felt like that was the only choice she had,
because she knows that with their social status they would have no
chance of survival. All she wanted to do was comfort her kids and make
sure they were at ease right before they all perish. Just that scene
alone played an important role in the audience reaction and emotions.
The movie also relayed a very unique personal message that was very
meaningful. The Director showed that love can conquer anything, and can
last forever even throughout death. In the beginning of Titanic we
noticed that the very first time Jack saw Rose he instantly fell in
love. Through the entire movie the audience see how their connection
grows into this deep love that neither one of them have ever
experienced. Rose was engaged to one of the wealthiest men on the boat,
and she gave it all away because of the connection her and jack shared.
Even when the ship was sinking Jack and Rose was so passionately in
love they literally did anything for each other. For example, Rose went
into the bottom of the boat, which was filled with water, to rescue
jack, who was handcuff to a pipe and left to drown. Also, Rose jumped
off one of the only life boats in order to stay with jack cause she
knew that she couldn't go on without him, or how Jack let rose lay on
floating wood in order for her to stay out the freezing water and stay
alive. All of those contributing factors made the movie great. I fell
in love with Titanic and will recommend the movie to anyone. After
watching this movie it became a part of history and any and every one
would love watching it. When watching the movie you fall in love with
the message that the movie gives you. The characters that are being
portrayed make you fall in love with the movie as well. This movie
makes you want to watch over and over and anyone would love it.
			
It's 2014 and still the movie are mentioned in Nostalgia shows.Based on the real story of the sinking of Titanic this was the king of
movies back in 1997.The movie was told to be bomb, but did the opposite.In the meanwhile My Heart Will Go On was played all around.This is about the woman Rose finding her love on Titanic.The ship is split between people living in luxury, and the poor one
below.There are river dancing, fancy dinners, romance and much more.Until the ship slowly sinks, and Rose Looses her loved one.Now get the movie, and it's easy to find.Turn up the volume to max, and see the movie on a large screen when you
have over 3 hours to spare.10/10
			
Directed and produced by the famous James Cameron in 1997, Titanic hit
screens all over the world and left its audience speechless as the
storyline was 'moving and timeless'. I highly recommend this film to others as it is extremely interesting
not only by the emotional storyline but as it is based on real features
of history.This film will leave you speechless and stunned by the experience of
the passengers on board the titanic, as the unsinkable becomes the
inevitable, Who will survive the 'ship of dreams'?.A MUST WATCH!
			
I don't even know how to explain how this movie affected me. Normally I
am not a fan of either Kate winslett or Leonardo Dicaprio. But I can't
image anyone else for the parts they played. except for the beginning,
the entire movie takes place on the ship. It's like this beautiful,
timeless little universe, apart from the rest of the world. The
costumes were beautiful, and the ship itself was perfectly done. And
you feel such a sense of loss when it's over. It really makes you
realize what a tragedy it was, in a way that few movies can. It feels
like there is nothing in the world except the ship, and the fact that
you know whats coming makes it all the more bittersweet. The scenes of
the older couple, the young mother, and old rose throwing the necklace
into the ocean, and what come after that, especially made me break
down.
			
James Cameron's "Titanic" is just one of those movies I can watch all
day and never get sick of. When it comes on television, I watch it
immediately. There is simply nothing bad about this film that'll make
you want to hate it.Every scene from "Titanic" from start to finish is fantastic; the love
scenes to the final moments. You'll find yourself getting way into the
plot, as well as feeling for the characters.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are brilliant as Jack and Rose. Once
they enter the picture, you cannot help but love any moment they spend
together, and their "forbidden" romance is so emotional and powerful.The ship's final moments will keep you on the edge of your seat as well
as shock you. James Cameron does an excellent job of recreating the
sinking. It's hard to imagine that a horrible incident like this
happened 100 years ago. Cameron marvels at bringing the disaster to
life.On the whole, "Titanic" is a wonderful movie. Nothing can describe the
sheer greatness coming out of it. If you haven't seen it, I strongly
suggest you give it a try.MY RATING: 10 out of 10.
			
Titanic, newly released from Paramount Pictures on Blu-ray3D and
digital, didn't completely sweep the Academy Awards in 1998  it only
took 11 of the Oscar statuettes! Among them: Best Picture, a Best
Director for James Cameron and a Best Cinematography for Russell
Carpenter. Some of that sweeping cinematography is bound to be lost on
a home screen, but home surround-sound can do a nice job on its Oscar-
winning Best Sound. Seasoned KIDS FIRST! youth film critic Raven
Devanney, age 15, calls Titanic a "romantic masterpiece." The film
evokes strong emotion partly because of the real-life tragedy it
recreates but also thanks to the intimate love story Leonardo DiCaprio
and Kate Winslet bring to life. That the film is 15 years old does not
diminish its impact. Says Raven, " even though I've seen it about a
billion times, I still get choked up." On a scale of one to five, she
rates it a five only because higher numbers aren't available. TitanicReviewed by Raven Devanney See her full review on video.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huGlaj1F_d0 Titanic is my favorite movie
by far. This romantic masterpiece starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate
Winslet tells a tale of love, loss and tragedy. I remember the first
time I watched Titanic. I was 7 years old, and I've been hooked ever
since. This was the first film that really made me cry, and even though
I've seen it about a billion times, I still get choked up. This movie
is beautifully done. I love that the cinematography is so grand and
breathtaking even though the film came out in 1997. I especially love
the way they capture the Titanic in all its glory. I'm a total history
geek when it comes to the Titanic. I've seen every documentary and read
every book there is to read about the Titanic, so the fact that they
used actual footage of the wreckage of Titanic was really cool. My
favorite characters are Rose and Jack, of course! They defy the rules
of their different social statuses and are in true love. Not only are
those characters great, but Kate and Leonardo do a masterful job in
these roles. I love the whole movie, but my favorite scene would have
to be when Rose and Jack are running through the ship away from the
butler after the drawing scene. It lightens the mood of the film before
the sinking and is quite funny. Plus, you almost get a mini tour of the
ship. I also admire the final few scenes in which the ship is sinking.
The way it is captured is amazing. It's the perfect mix of chaos and
emotion, which really conveys the tragedy in a brilliant way. Like I
said, this film is very tragic, and that fact that it was an actual
event makes it even more sad. I would recommend this film for all ages,
even though it is sad and slightly inappropriate. I watched it when I
was 7 and nothing bothered me. This is a must-see movie, and I give it
five out of five stars. I'd give it more if I could! Titanic is in
stores now on DVD and Blu-ray, so be sure to add it to your home movie
collection today!
			
An awesome movie by James Cameroon.What a movie.It has been more than a
decade that this movie was released and I have certainly lost count of
how many times I have watched this movie.An amazing treat to watch.It
feels as if I am watching it for the first time.Kate Winslet and
Leonardo are simply brilliant and so are the rest of the crew.Among the
few movies that makes tears flow from my eyes each time I watch
it.Would love to see the same version on big screen at least once as i
missed it many times.The picturization is awesome specially the climax
part.Indeed one of the best films that has been made till date and one
of my all time favorite.It surely deserves 10/10.
			
Even after fifteen years Titanic is still talked about so much. James
Cameron has made this movie so big that even kids in elementary school
know who Leonardo DiCaprio is. This film is more than just a love
story, and many people will agree. The special effects that appear in
this movie are spectacular. Well honestly if you're going to spend over
$200 million dollars on making a film, it should be at least
spectacular. The real reason this movie was excellent was because of
Jim Cameron's undying devotion to the project's perfection. He did
countless retakes of key scenes, got behind the camera himself many
times, and made sure every part of the movie matched the picture in his
mind. The acting is brilliant, based on a true story, probably more
than half of the consumers that watch the film will share tears, thanks
to an imaginable ending which can never be forgotten. Well if you
haven't seen this film you're missing out on something historical, and
a film to idolize for Hollywood. Could it get better? No. Not at all.
The most moving film of all time. See for yourself then you will
understand. A landmark. (Don't be surprised if you cry too) 10/10 hands
down.
			
Simply the best film of all time in my opinion , with the godfather in
a close second! Its brilliant! It couldn't be done again, and will a
film ever make 600million dollars at the box office ever again? From
start to finish this film will have you gripped even the music at the
beginning sets the film up perfectly . The acting from all those in it
is superb , Billy Zane plays Cal brilliantly and Leo Di Caprio is
possibly one of the best actors of his generation , probably just
behind Johnny Depp in my opinion but never the less he puts in a
stellar performance in this film and who better to play rose than Kate
Winslet!? A great actress who from this has turned out to be one of the
best of this current time ! All in all this film is a must see for
those who haven't already watched it (not many) ! 10/10 and nothing and
no one will ever stop me from loving this film !
			
Titanic is simply one of the greatest films I have ever seen. The
historical detail is almost spot on, and though the script may have
it's faults to some (like "Jack" and "Rose" being repeated too often),
I think that if you put it in context with the story it all works out.
James Cameron did a brilliant job, as this movie haunts me even weeks
after I see it. Titanic follows Rose DeWitt Bukater (Kate Winslet), a young socialite,
and Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio), a carefree and penniless artist
from Wisconsin. After Jack prevents Rose from throwing herself off of
the ship, they fall into a passionate love, all the while trying to
avoid Rose's fianc who is nearly twice her age, Cal Hockley (Billy
Zane). But as the Titanic sinks, Rose struggles with the will to
survive or the intense need to be with Jack. Titanic was such a success because it portrays the great disaster
through emotions, not simply stating facts. We smile with the
characters as Rose and Jack fall in love. We grind our teeth in
frustration when Cal and Mrs. Dewitt Butaker try everything to tear
Jack and Rose apart, we feel heartbroken with Rose when she finds that
Jack succumbed to the cold. It is the fact that we feel the event that
makes this so sweeping. Titanic is not simply a love story, it's a show of raw emotions and
loss and love and the fact that everything the men who built the ship
believed proved to be false.
			
It's been a long time since I've watched this movie from beginning to
end, so I decided to refresh my memory. I forgot how great and sad this
film is. It has great characters that we come to love, and a powerful
forbidden love storyline. In 1996, Brock Lovett and his team explore
the Titanic wreckage in search for a necklace called the Heart of the
Ocean. Instead, they find a nude drawing of a woman named Rose, who was
wearing the necklace the night Titanic sank. Rose is now an elderly
lady, and tells Brock and his team her story aboard the Titanic.In 1912, teen-aged Rose is a first-class passenger, and going to
England with her fianc Cal. Meanwhile, a drifter and artist named Jack
Dawson wins a ticket aboard the Titanic. When Rose wants to commit
suicide, Jack talks her out of it, and they soon start a relationship,
defying Cal and her mom. Soon, Titanic hits the iceberg and slowly
begins to sink. Every passing minute, Jack and Rose try to find a way
off the doomed ship together or not at all. If you're a history buff
and want a smart love story, you'll love TITANIC!!!
			
I have to say that this movie would not have been viewed by me if it
hadn't been for my 7th grade reading teacher. This movie is great, and
I say, " better 3 hours than 36." sadly, How to train your dragon has
replaced this film as my all time favorite. This was well done, and
this review is late. I saw the movie almost a year ago! Really good,
recommend it for ages 15+ for some , ah , sensual. Content. Even though
I'm 13 my 8 year old brother should not have seen this. I understand it
though. He did not thank goodness. But if you are okay with it go
ahead. This is a movie as unique and unforgettable as the tragedy
itself. 20 stars. A++++++++++++!
			
Yes, for a long time, I did avoid this one. Eventually, I realized that
I had to; Cameron is talented enough to make this work. I've now seen
every film he's directed, save for Piranha Part II(which I understand
was taken away from him), and the man always does a nice job. No, not
every single picture of his is excellent... but they're all worth the
time(and with hardly any exceptions(and this certainly isn't one), the
investment of emotions from the audience, as well), they entertain and
he's yet to make the exact same thing twice(Terminator 2 is different
from the original in notable areas, such as the tone). I don't blindly
love all of them; I maintain that the quality of The Abyss lies mainly
in the gorgeous under-water photography. He never phones it in, and he
always has something to say, somewhere to go with what he does. I was
apprehensive of the idea that this would focus on a small group of
people(in particular, the two leads), when this was indeed something
that actually did happen, and many were killed. However, when you think
about it, it needed to be like that; that's what makes the incident(in
this) have the devastating impact that I think we can all admit it
does. Yes, the FX are amazing, and the production values offer a new
definition of the term "grandiose" when applied to that aspect; the
reason we "feel" it, though, is that we care about the ones we "know"
to be on the ship. The characters are well-written, thoroughly
developed, credible and all have something to do. Rose is a rather
strong woman, and without it reaching anachronistic levels, either. She
is not "just a wife", and she is fleshed out, something that many
attempts at female role models neglect to do. The cast is spot-on,
everyone is well-chosen. Every single acting performance is flawless.
Arguably, this is somewhat black and white in its presentation of them;
with that said, they are all convincing and have genuine personality.
This is one of the greatest disaster movies, and epic love dramas, in
the world of cinema. It is Hollywood and mainstream at its absolute
best. Will it please everyone? Perhaps not, and probably not those who
refuse to take it on its own terms. It was always clear what approach
this took. And also, about hype... ignore it. Yes, you read that right.
In this case and in all others, pretend like you can't hear what
everyone is making something out to be, and watch what you feel like,
as unaffected by popular opinion as you can be. Nothing can survive a
viewing by someone who has heard nothing other than positives about it,
regardless of its quality. The pacing is marvelous; for a running time
of three hours, this is not boring at all. It has fun and humorous
moments. Is it sappy? I suppose that's up to the individual to judge; I
wouldn't say so. There is a bit of violence and disturbing content,
infrequent mild to moderate language, a little sexuality(hinted at) and
brief nudity in this. The DVD comes with a theatrical trailer. I
recommend this to everyone. 10/10
			
When I enquired my cousins about this movie they said that this is a OK
movie. But to my astonishment when I watched the movie its awesome.
Later I got to know that the tragic ending of the movie is not
appealing to them. May be this is one of the reasons why most of the people could not
forget this movie. Though it has got a tragic ending, it stages a
wonderful love story that blossomed between a poor guy named Jack and a
rich lady named Rose. It is a beautifully and carefully carved love
story. I could not stop crying in some scenes. With titanic as
backdrop, James Cameron perfectly presented the drama. You may say
"Ohh..its a routine love story with a bit of change in backdrop". No I
wont agree with you. It leaves a lasting impression in your heart.
Making to the top of the World-wide Box Office records is not a common
thing and this adds strength to my statement. The music in the movie is enthralling. Both Kate and Decaprio are in
their tender age and are wonderful. I watched this movie many times
skipping the last tragic scene when Jack dies. This scene almost
squeezes my heart. As a whole the movie can be concluded as a master
piece.
			
this movie will not earn as much money as it did if it were not AT
LEAST excellent.it's good for movies to have integrity to the facts if it boasts that
it is based on a true story. yes but ... all i know is that i rather
spend my time and money watching this than the titanic feature of
discovery channel. i may have been less informed of the titanic facts,
but who cares? it's a ship that sank in some era when my grandfather
was not even born yet.i would have forgotten all about a ship called titanic by now if the
film wasn't this great -- do you care about any other ship than sank
some bajillion years ago other than titanic? i don't think so.
			
Titanic has to be one of my all-time favorite movies. It has its
problems (what movies don't) but still, it's enjoyable.When I stumble across someone who asks me why I like Titanic, I suppose
my first reaction is "wait a minute, you don't?" I know so many people
who don't like this movie, and I'm not saying I don't see why. "The
love story is too cheesy" well, yes but isn't it enjoyable and moving?
All right, the love story between Jack and Rose is very unrealistic,
everyone knows that love like this doesn't actually exist. But this is
a movie, doesn't everyone enjoy watching a beautiful story that lets us
slip slightly into fantasy for a while? The next complaint, DiCaprio
and Winslet are terrible actors. Well, OK, in this movie, I agree that
they do not perform to their full potentials. However I think it's
unfair to say that they are terrible actors. I personally think they
are both very talented actors who unfortunately are very famous for a
movie that they are not amazing in. But the roles they are given are
simple, and the characters seem real enough that you can care about
them quite a bit, but I agree with many people that they did not do as
well as could have been expected.And finally, if one is going to complain that they don't like this
movie because they hate romance, or because they hate history, or
tragic movies, then I'm sorry but why on earth did they go and see a
movie that is so clearly all of these things. It's like people who
complain The Dark Knight is a bad movie because they hate action
movies. Simply for being a movie, not because you dislike the genre,
this IS a good movie.Well deserving of its Oscars, in particular, Best Cinematography, which
I find to be the best I've ever seen in a movie save maybe the Lord of
the Rings trilogy.I know some of the writing fails, such as the constant screaming of
each other's names throughout the movie. The flashback portion of the
story can be quite weak at times, but overall it's an amazing
achievement in making the Titanic look so real, and the sinking feel so
epic.I understand why a lot of people dislike this movie, but for the most
part it boils down to them disliking the fundamental idea, such as it
being a love story, rather than them thinking the movie in and of
itself is poorly constructed.I can tell you that I have read more than five books about the Titanic,
including memoirs form the day it happened, and this movie is extremely
historically accurate save just a few faults. The only main ones I can
find is that the piping should be threaded copper, not steel, and the
iceberg looks fairly unrealistic as is the scene where they hit it.I give this movie 10/10, not because I like romance movies, but simply
because it's an outstanding cinematic achievement, that leaves one
feeling horrified by the realistic adaptation of events.
			
The movie Titanic makes it much more then just a "night to remember."
It re writes a tragic history event that will always be talked about
and will never been forgotten. Why so criticised? I have no idea.
Could/will they ever make a movie like Titanic that is so moving and
touching every time you watch it. Could they ever replace such an epic
masterpiece. It will be almost impossible.The director no doubt had the major impact on the film. A simple
disaster film (boring to watch) converted to an unbelievable romance.
Yes I'm not the Romance type either, but that should not bother you,
because you will never see a romance like this. Guaranteed! Everything
to the amazing effects, to the music, to the sublime acting. The movie creates an amazing visual and a wonderful feeling. Everything
looks very real and live. The legend herself "TITANIC" is shown
brilliantly in all classes, too looks, too accommodation. The acting
was the real effect. Dicaprio and Winslet are simply the best at
playing there roles. No one could have done better. They are partly the
reason why the film is so great. I guess it's not too much to talk about. The plot is simple, The acting
is brilliant, based on a true story, Probably more then half of the
consumers that watch the film will share tears, thanks to un imaginable
ending which can never be forgotten. Well if you haven't seen this film
your missing out on something Hesterical, and a film to idolise for
Hollywood. Could it get better? No. Not at all. The most moving film of
all time, don't listen to people, see for yourself then you will
understand. A landmark. (don't be surprised if you cry too)
			
I have made the goal of seeing all of the films on the top 250 many
deserving to be on the list, and in my opinion some not. I has shocked
to see Titanic was not on this list. this is the reason why the 250 can
lose some validity when people say the movies on the list are not the
'best' movies. now I understand some films are fan boy films and cult
films. I beg all users to vote for ten stars for a movie that not only
should be on the list but in the top twenty five if not the top
ten(Dark Knight wasn't that great) this film has one the most Oscars
than any other film(tied for 1st in a three way tie) Vote Ten Maybe I'm
just a huge JC fan but this film needs to be on top 250
			
This movie should have all ten stars, but the only reason it doesn't
because people like my brother put like only one star just to make it
go down when it's really one of the best movies in all time. OK, now
I'm just writing more because I tried to put this comment in but they
said that it has to be more than 10 lines... so This movie is still the
number one best-selling movie. And the nudity scene was very classy.
And I think we need two more lines. I'm just gonna copy and paste the
two beginning sentences or I'm gonna just keep saying copy and paste...
copy and paste... copy and paste... copy and paste... Dude, this is
really a dumb rule. I think I have enough now. Bye.
			
This is one movie Which everyone must watch !! i normally do not follow
romantic stories but this is one movie which made me Emotional and it
is the only movie in which i shred tear drops JACK and KATE Love story
is still embedded in the minds and hearts of the people who have seen
this Wonderful movie !! their Chemistry is just perfect !! there is
never a dull moment in the movie....this movie was a paradise for all
the lovers of the 90's.......the Music " my Heart will go on " still
keeps playing in the Radio and is one of the best background scores of
the 90's i remember when this movie came out , it was so
historical....people were watching these movie over and over again !! i
watched it thrice, it is also the highest grossing film of all time and
the record is still intact(no dark knight can beat it).....it is also
the only movie to win Highest number of Oscars, in all it won 11 Oscars
including BEST FILM i recommend everyone to watch this EPIC classic
			
amazing This is the best movie i've EVER seen. what this film is about is Jack
(played by Leonardo DiCaprio) how wins tickets in a card game and then
meets a girl on the ship, named Rose (played by Kate Winslet) who tries
to jump of the end of the ship. She is saved by Jack and they fall in
love, but rose is going to be wed. This film is good because it runs
with a nice flow and exiting. Some of the best parts are when you see
the water bursting throw the walls. Now if you don't like sad films
DON'T WATCH THIS FILM it is sad. Some of the saddest parts are when you
see every body floating in the water, and when you see the woman not
wanting to go in the lifeboat without their husbands. And if you don't
like romance movies don't watch this, but if you do then watch it. Now
for my finale rating 10/10, but thats not all I think that this film
should be listed on the IMDb top 250 but it is not anyway i hope that
you like this film. But you may not
			
This is an awesome movie of all times.I wonder why this movie is not
even in top 250.It deserves a much better place in the ratings.The
ultimate love story of all times.This is one of the best movies i have
ever seen.The tear which it brings out of your eyes is the movie's
success.A must watch for everyone.The special effects are also good.The
acting is excellent.It never seemed like 3 hours watching this movie.It
made me go into the movie.Words are not enough to explain about
TITANIC.If you have not watched the movie yet you have been missing a
great movie.Watch it right now.This is the most romantic love story i
have ever seen.I give it 10 out of 10.
			
beautiful film. Because this contrast? I know the reason. Since
assumptive reviewers' good part favorably sees the past and as the past
is "better" than the present they have given several credit to the
preceding episodes being still the last episode more explosive and
spectacular. At this point should reject also the old episodes but
there are here two weights and two measure.In fact also cinema
masterpieces have been criticized and denigrated. Good part some
reviewers of this site belong to the very bad reviewers. Better think
separately with its head. For edward shossor hand 7.6. SHAME: This is
masterpiece of Hollywood. 11 Oscar for a poor 7.2!!! Shame.
			
After reading all the posted comments, it left me wondering why this
film so underrated after all the huge success.i wish i could be in 1997
to feel it. Some people are too serious when judging this film. I'd
watched this film for the first time in 2005 but simply love it. I
loves the plot although its quite long but it's paid after watching the
great ship finally sink. Think a minute, how this film becomes so
famous if it is too boring and awful too watch? Give a break!I really think that it deserved that 11 Oscar awards. It's a expensive
movie ever made with excellent actors and actresses an with equally
good romance story. Sadly, too many people put too offensive comments
over this not-so-bad movie. After all, it is the biggest hits
ever...still, NO movies could ever beat Titanic.
			
The first time I saw this movie was when I was four years old and my
mother covered my eyes at almost every scene. Naturally, I remembered
how sad the movie was. Something that wouldn't happen for a four year
old with most movies though, was that the movie had such a great effect
that even years later when I heard the song that was playing at the end
I felt sad. Just recently, I re-watched the movie and was blown away.
We've all seen movies that leave you with a feeling afterward, whether
it be one of happiness, sadness, or anger. This left the viewer with
all three of these emotions. It's not hard to guess why it would leave
you with a feeling of sadness, but I'd like to point out how strong
this lingering feeling was. I cried not only during the whole last hour
of the movie, but for thirty minutes afterward as well. I'll admit, I
cry easily over movies, but usually the tears stop coming after the
first two rounds. The ending of the movie was just amazing. This is
left for the viewer to interpret, but when the old lady closes her eyes
and the scene shoots to the men on the titanic opening the door for her
and Jack is standing at the top of the stairs next to the clock the
ending is just turned over from a depressing movie to a very happy one,
depending on the readers interpretation. It can be implied that perhaps
she is dreaming of him, or she dreams of him every night, but this
isn't quite so happy. The reader could also look at it from a logical
point of view and say that this is the dream people have in their last
12 minutes of brain activity when they die. However, the most happy and
perhaps most common interpretation is that she has indeed died and she
is now off to spend an eternity with Jack, her only true love. The
movie leaves you with a feeling of anger because you know that Jack
didn't have to die. You know that nobody had to die, but the maker of
the ship had insisted on going faster and the people loading the safety
boats didn't "Want to risk putting too much weight on" so while they
could have fit 65 people on each they stuck with close to 12. You know,
also, that if the dang boats hadn't been so selfish towards the end he
wouldn't have died. This is by far the best movie I have ever seen and
I would recommend it to anyone.
			
A lot of movies have been made about the "TITANIC". However, I do not
think that there will be another. James Cameron did a fantastic job of
bringing the TITANIC back to life so we all could see. Wonderful cast,
wonderful story. Very sad ending, as we all know. I have seen all the
TV movies with Barbara Stanwick, and others. No other movie tops this
one. Kudos to Mr. James Cameron for having the sight to bring this
movie back to life in the 1990's. A 10 for sure!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I
know that Rose and Jack were added for the love story, and wonderful
acting between them. The ship was identical to all the documentary's I
have seen, especially the state rooms were the first class were
staying. Again, this movie is a must see for all that have not watched
as of yet.by psywizard880
			
'Titanic' is a movie which I first saw when i was about 9 years old. I
was totally blown away by this astounding epic! The movie starts in the
present day, with a treasure hunter named Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton),
whom is searching for a priceless diamond artifact aboard the wreck of
the Titanic. Failing to find it, he is contacted by a 100 year old
woman named Rose Calvert (Best Supporting Actress-Nominee Gloria
Stuart), who claims to be the woman sketched in a book that Lovett
found aboard the Titanic. Rose makes her way out to the salvage ship,
and proceeds to tell Lovett and his crew her story of when she sailed
on the supposedly 'Unsinkable' ship. The movie then jumps back to April 10th 1912, in Southampton where the
Titanic is ready to set sail on its maiden voyage to New York. The
younger Rose, named, at the time, Rose Dewitt Bukater (Best
Actress-Nominee Kate Winslet), is travelling with her domineering
mother and her tycoon fianc Caledon Hockley, whom Rose's mother is
determined to see her marry, for his extreme wealth. Rose doesn't love
cal, and she attempts to commit suicide by throwing herself off the
back of the ship. However she is rescued by steerage passenger Jack
Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio). They quickly fall in love and soon she
decides she'd rather be with Jack than Cal. However, their love is to
be short-lived. At 1hr 36 minutes into the film, it reaches a pivotal
moment, when the ship strikes an iceberg in the freezing cold Atlantic
ocean. From this point onwards, the ship moves from the love story,
into a dramatic, thrilling race for survival! The visual effects of the ship sinking are spectacular! Although most
of the shots are of the real life-size set built for the film. The
scene where the ship breaks in two, is one of my favourite scenes, as
the effects are brilliant! The film was directed by one of my favourite Hollywood directors, James
Cameron, creator and Director of 'The Terminator'(1984) and its hugely
successful sequel 'Terminator 2: Judgment Day'(1991). His direction on
this film is sheer brilliance. He delivers a brilliant insight into how
upper class lived in the early 1900s, and he shatters it all with
brilliant heart-pounding suspense and drama!The film was hugely successful, winning a staggering eleven Oscars,
making it only the second film in history to do so, after Ben Hur
(1959) James Cameron won the well deserved 'Best Director' Oscar and
the most prestigious 'Best Picture' Oscar. The film also won Best
Costume Design, Cinematography, Editing, Art Direction, Sound, Sound
Effects, Sound Effects Editing and Visual Effects. To date, almost a decade on, 'Titanic' still stands as the highest
grossing film of all time, with just over $1 Billion.I would definitely recommend this film, especially now as it will soon
be celebrating its 10th anniversary. It is a lengthy film, running at
exactly 3 hours. However, it is well worth it! A fantastic Epic Film!!A well deserved 10/10.
			
Titanic (1997, Dir. James Cameron) Brock Lovett whilst investigating
the wreckage of the Titanic, when he discovers a diamond, known as 'The
Heart of the Ocean', as well as a drawn picture of a woman. An old lady
contacts Lovett, claiming that she is the woman in the picture. What
follows is a breathtaking story of Rose DeWitt Bukater on board the
Titanic. On board she meets a poor boy named Jack Dawson who both fall
for each other. Day's later, they both must try to survive when the
great ship hits an iceberg and goes down deep into the ocean.If you ever want to see one of the best film-making examples, then
'Titanic' is one of them. Some of the lines might feel a bit cheesy and
the love story lines might feel a bit too much love filled, but just
watching it was an amazing experience, and i was only watching it on a
DVD. The fact that the film is based on something which actually
happened, makes it so tragic and so emotional to watch. I'm not
normally an emotional guy, but i just felt devastated seeing everyone
happening on it. The music doesn't help prevent the emotional
experience, as it's some of the best music i've heard on dramatic
sequences. The special effects are also amazing too with some amazing
realistic shot of the ship. A lot people seem to be put off by this
film, but i think its a work of movie making at its best."Is there anybody alive out there?" - Fifth Officer Lowe (Ioan
Gruffudd)
			
Titanic was a movie that cannot be forgotten for ages. Titanic is the
best movie I have ever seen. Titanic was perfect! It had everything.
Drama, love, humor, adventure, action. You cant say what really
happened on THE REAL TITANIC because you were not on it yourself. James
Cameron (cool director) just a gave us an idea of how it must have felt
to be on the real ship. He did a great job in using a love story to
make people understand the tragedy of the real Titanic. JAMES CAMERON
did a great job in showing us what it must have been to be in a sinking
Titanic. I really loved it and I REALLY, REALLY recommend this movie to
all of you!!!
			
This is a typical "rich girl meets poor boy" story, but it has got so
much more than that. First of all, a great cast: Leo DiCaprio, Kate
Winslet, Billy Zane, Kathy Bates and many more. They were all good. And
the special effects were awesome! I mean, really, I have never seen
anything like that before (or maybe I have, I just can't remember it).
The point is that this movie captures you for like three hours, and
never once did I look at the time and see how long it's been or how
long it's left. This movie deserved all the Oscars, all the credit and all the good
reviews. I love this movie, a classic movie, and I can't imagine how
anyone would think it's bad or that it didn't deserve all the credit it
got. Watch it and enjoy it and don't think about how long it is. Some of the
greatest movies of all time are like really long. Thanks :)
			
Before seeing it I just thought: oh, I don't want to see this...
everybody loves it... I didn't want to be "everybody"... But then, when
I saw it on the night of my birthday I just
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVED it!!! I cried for about half
the film! (I love films that give emotions, that make me cry or... feel
anxious or anything to keep me concentrated to the story in an even
paranoiac kind of way) And I just loved it... This is the film that
changed my life!!! And when I saw the vote that the users put on this
website I nearly fainted!!! Absolutely NOT right! This is the first
film with Kate Winslet in it that I saw... And I haven't stopped yet! I
think both her and Leonardo DiCaprio are wonderful actors and it seemed
like a very fun film to do! LOVED IT!!!!!
			
We can certainly go on criticizing a movie, talk about its errors, and
ponder over with others to give it a rating! But, having seen Titanic at least 7 times, I would say that it is
nothing less than a classic.Guys, its just a movie is it not?? I really don't think this movie was
meant to send out any strong message to the audience. It was just for
entertainment....If that is the case, why do you wanna go crazy about the goofs all the
time.I don't mean to say that you can afford to have glaring errors in such
an anticipated movie, but guys forget it, and just go enjoy.....
			
Titanic, the boat who sank. As they said in the movie, 1500 people
died. So, let's make a movie of it. And what a movie. Leonardo Di
Caprio makes the best acting the world have not seen on many years.I nearly started crying when Rose shake Jacks hands in the freezing
water. And I'm not the one who often cries. Kate Winstlet is my new
favorite actor. I gave Titanic 10 out of 10, not only because the love
story, but for the chaos scenes. I've always been a person who likes
chaos scenes.It's not the best movie in history, but it should be in everyones top
lists. It is on mine...
			
TITANIC is a dizzying compilation of a tragic event in our history and
a phenomenal riveting love story. Titanic grabs you the moment it
starts and "never lets go" even after the movie is finished, and the
actors/actresses performances in this movie are as amazing as the
special effects are brilliant. Even at the end in the grand staircase
where you see everyones that was on Titanic, you see their whole story
play out in your mind as if they were the real people and as if you
were on the Titanic in 1912 and knew everyones story. All of this along
with the spectacular soundtrack composed by James Horner will leave you
absolutely speechless and awe inspired. This is definitely is one of
the best movies of its kind EVER! Even 10 years after its creation it
never ceases to amaze, thrill, and touch. Phenomenal, riveting,
amazing, brilliant, spectacular, and a perfect TEN!
			
As much as I really want to knock this movie....I cannot. It almost
made me cry- just like a chick flick. The screen writing of James
Cameron is simply superb, in this movie. He obviously did ALL of his
homework! The excellent CGI graphics of 1997 is still top-notch, by
today's standards. The accuracy of all characters, and of the ship
itself- is dead-on. I have read a lot of books on Titanic since this
movie, and the realism is phenomenal. The final sinking scenes of the
movie are the most riveting.I have watched this fine movie over ten times, and it never seems to
grow old. I am not a Celine Dion fan- but her haunting musical score,
gave this movie the full effect it deserves. Watch this movie and get a
firsthand feel for what it's like to experience a turn-of-the-century
steamship, and it's catastrophic sinking. A wonderful history lesson-
all in one fine DVD.
			
I can't understand why this film has come high in polls for the worst
ever film. It is very well made and won 11 Oscars. It is far better
than the old films about the disaster. The acting is excellent and the
effects take your breath away. It wouldn't have been any more realistic
if James Cameron had commissioned a shipyard to build a full-scale
working replica of the ship. The film is very authentic with just one
minor lapse, namely the American locomotive and rolling stock on the
dockside railway seen in front of the Titanic in the view from the pub.
Unlike previous films about the Titanic there is no sense of impending
doom throughout the film. There is a good feeling in the first half of
the film, with scenes like Jack and Fabrizio at the bow watching the
dolphins while Captain Smith looks on paternalistically and the ceilidh
in steerage that Jack takes Rose to. James Cameron conveys the sheer
size and stability of the ship very well and the audience is drawn into
the very deep security that the passengers felt. Everybody on board is
very friendly apart from certain individuals in First Class. Cal
Hockley is a violent overgrown spoiled brat monster child. In a lot of
scenes, particularly where he shoots at Jack with a handgun, he is
reminiscent of the caddish upper class villain in a silent film. Jack
has been criticised for being too 1990s but the rest of the cast look
and act right for the period. The crew talk authentic sounding
Edwardian English. James Cameron has caught the feel of the period very
well and he has said that the people in the film are in many ways not
that different from us today. It's fair to say that Jack and Fabrizio
are like a couple of gap year students hitch-hiking round the world.
Kate Winslet, with her full curvy figure which has got her a lot of
period roles and the nickname "Corset Kate" is spot on as Rose. The
scene where Jack sketches her nude is very touching and the piano music
that accompanies it is lovely. When they run past the stokers one can
feel the scorching heat of the furnaces. After the ship strikes the
iceberg the audience has much the same incredulity as the passengers
and most of the crew that there is a possibility of the ship sinking.
The sinking, as it was in real life, starts very gradually and becomes
progressively more terrifying. Although there is no blood or gore shown
it still is horrifying. The only blood during the sinking are the
scenes where the stewards get punched. There are some really sad scenes
during the sinking such as the drowned woman floating in the water and
the Irish mother telling her children the old Celtic story of Ossian
and Niamh. It is sad when Fabrizio is killed by the collapsing funnel
and when Tommy Ryan is shot by First Officer Murdoch in the heat of the
moment. Incidentally, 20th Century Fox sent one of their executives
over to Scotland to apologise to the people of Dalbeattie, Murdoch's
home town, about the way he was portrayed in the film. One really feels
the freezing cold when Jack and Rose are in the water and I felt sad
when I saw the dead baby in its mother's arms. When I saw the film in
the cinema I can remember hearing a couple of girls crying during and
after the sinking. James Cameron says he deliberately made the ending
ambiguous and his answer to the question of whether Rose dies or is
dreaming at the end is "You decide". I think she died and went to
Heaven and was reunited with all these people she'd known on the ship.
It is a beautiful scene where she's reunited in Jack and she's all in
white like a bride. Hey! I'm going against my own principles. I'm one
of the most unromantic guys in the world! I'm not supposed to like
these scenes!
			
I have seen the movie Titanic in the Box Office Summary. I thought that
the movie was very heartbreaking. The song My Heart Will Go On made me
cry. The movie was great and but I do not think I can watch it again
without crying since it was a very touching cry. It can melt the hearts
of even the cruelest people in the world. My favorite part of the movie
was when Rose was standing outside of the ship with her hands spread
out and Jack was right behind her. I also liked the part when Jack was
tied to the pole at the bottom of the ship and Rose came to save Jack.
The part that I did not like was about the class being spread out. For
example, the rich people were considered the important the poor or
middle class people. I recommend everyone to see this movie and
guarantee that no one will be disappointed about the movie being boring
or worthless.
			
James Cameron, the director who brought us horror classics such as "The
Terminator" and "Aliens" suddenly swings around and gives us what is
definitely his greatest achievement yet, in a movie that is still quite
violent, yet about the exact opposite of his previous films. A love
story about two young people from essentially opposite sides of life
meeting on board the ill-fated ship RMS Titanic.Our cast includes Leonardo DiCaprio, who launched his career with this
film. Academy Award nominee Kate Winslet, along with Frances Fisher,
Bernard Hill, David Warner, Billy Zane, and numerous others star in
this expansive film that covers nearly every historical detail that is
not part of the fictional love story. DiCaprio did very fine in his
role, along with Winslet. Gloria Stuart was also very good in her role,
though it was a small one.Like all love stories, the film includes romantic scenes which are in
my opinion, some of the best produced in film history. We become
emotionally attached to the two main characters as they struggle to
hold onto each other through the huge disaster the Titanic makes its
destructive collision against the iceberg."Titanic" made several achievements when it was released. It grossed
over a billion dollars and is the highest grossing motion picture
worldwide of all time. It also won eleven Academy Awards, one of only
three films to do so. It launched the career of Leonard DiCaprio and
Kate Winslet. And it is a very good love story. Unfortunately, it is
also a movie that a large portion of the crowd hates. It's 7.0 rating
on IMDb is unfair. True, it's a three-hour wait to the credits, but I
never looked at my watch.
			
This movie is so amazing. To me, it is a passionate love story, a
historical document and a reminder of the horrific tragedy that was the
day the Titanic sunk. I can never hold back tears when I watch this, or
at least that huge lump I get in my throat. I'm not one to cry very
much. There are very few things that can make me cry, and this is by
far my #1 tear-jerker. This movie will leave you deeply changed, and if
you've never been in any kind of accident, will leave you feeling sorry
for anyone who has ever suffered. This is one of those movies that only
comes around every so and so years. The kind of movies like this that
are able to rip your heart out easily. Someday another movie may be
able to top this, but for now, it remains the extremely emotional movie
it is.
			
Titanic is such a good movie! It's a mix of comedy and mostly romance.
I think Kate and Leonardo did a wonderful job acting their parts for
it. I think the acting of the whole thing was wonderful. If it was the
funny scenes, or the serious scenes, or the romance scenes they all
still did a good job. From the beginning to the end, it had non-stop
great script, great acting and awesome sets. What I liked about Titanic
most though, was the emotion the actors/actresses all had. If it was a
romantic scene, they acted as though they were in love and I think that
is a great feature in a movie. It's such an incredible film. If you
haven't seen Titanic already, I recommend you watch it if you like the
romantic/comedy/sad movies!
			
As a young child I was always fascinated with the titanic. When this
movie came out I was a mere toddler. I was only 2, so there was no way
that I was able to see that movie at that time.... In the summer of
2004 I saw titanic for the first time. I was only about 9 and I didn't
totally grasp the concept. My mom soon got me the movie and I finally
got it. The movie is so powerful and it makes me cry every time i watch
it. It is my all time favorite movie. The storyline is wonderful and I
love the relationship between Rose and Jack. So innocent but so
restricted at the same time. 2 thumbs up to James Cameron who made the
effects so wonderful that i feel like Im in the water with all of the
dying people. The total peril was trenching (if thats how you spell
it). I love that movie!!!!!!!!!!! <3<3<3
			
This is my favorite movie ever. I have been watching it since 1998 and
it has never gotten old. I loved how the plot of the movie blended so
well with the actual events, and the attention to detail was out of
this world. The accuracy with the ship's details such as the opulence
of the interior First Class areas, the riveting detail on the ship's
exterior, the wardrobes of the actors and actresses, it all seemed so
real, like time went back to 1912 and stood still, like it was all back
again. And the love story between Jack and Rose, oh it was so nice. I
love how they had an older Rose telling the story, and when it switched
from her now to how she was then. It was awesome! One of my favorite
scenes though, is definitely the "King of the World" scene because I
think that James Cameron really captured the feeling of the time of the
Titanic's. She was the largest ship afloat, the finest afloat, and it
was during a time when people thought they had nowhere to go but up.
Things were changing and getting better all the time with new
technologies, and the Titanic was like an icon for that. So the King of
the World part is just awesome. Imagine a Third Class passenger winning
a ticket like that. You could only imagine that they'd had to have felt
that way. And then when the camera comes back and you see the Titanic,
proud on the waves in all her glory, it's truly awesome. And then when
they zoom in on Captain Smith, beaming proudly, what an awesome way to
portray him. You have to wonder if he really felt that way then. How
proud he must've felt. The only thing that I didn't like about it was
how they portrayed First Officer Murdoch. There were some witnesses who
said they heard shots or saw shots being fired, reports of an officer
shooting himself that night, but it was never proved. And given the
real Officer Murdoch's character, I don't think he did anything like
that. Nor do I think any of the officers shot themselves or someone
else. They made him out to be a villain that I don't believe he was.
Other than the fact that I thought Rose said "Jack" one too many times,
the movie was near perfect. Totally awesome. This was just an
unforgettable movie. The best ever. There will be no more like it. It's
truly one of a kind, that cannot be beaten. I hope it forever stays
above all the ranks!
			
Let me start by saying that how could you not like the script? SO WHAT
if they pretty much never call each other darling or honey...but SO
WHAT!!! Rose was in LOVE with jack. And he made her a free spirit..not
a boxed in girl trapped to a boring life. She didn't want to have class
by having to say "darling" like she did to Cal. But anyway, the movie
has the best special effects, and ending ever. This end was the only
movie that has made me cry. If a movie can make you cry emotionally,
how can you say it has a bad script? Exactly. The acting is excellent
also. This movie gives an excellent feel for the people's lives lost on
titanic. It is as if you can feel the disaster happening. I love this
movie. My all time FAVORITE MOVIE!!! (The music by James Horner is alos
VERY good-My Heart Will Go On in particular.)
			
OK. let me sum it up. Rich girl Rose DuWitt Bukater (Winslet) is tired
of being proper. She attempts suicide but fails. Jack Dawson (
DiCaprio) is a poor artist who won his ticket on Titanic by a lucky
poker hand who saves Rose from killing herself. The next day he is
invited to dinner in first class as a "reward" for saving her. Rose's
mother who is a very selfish person who only cares for money takes an
instant dislike toward him because he is in Steerage. Cal (Zane) is
also a very selfish person who is Rose's fianc.After their dinner Jack
invites Kate to come to Steerage and have a fun time. Cal's butler or
whatever he was sees Rose in Steerage and tells Cal. Cal is angry and
later on he gives Rose a rare blue diamond as a token of love. rose is
forbidden to see Jack again but she disobeys Cal. On that same day jack
sketches Rose nude with the necklace and then one thing leads to
another. Rose and Jack make love. Then Cal see's Rose's drawing in the
safe where rose put it along with the diamond. Then he gets an idea
he'll frame Jack for stealing the diamond. He sends his butler to
skillfully put it in Jack's pocket and then Jack is placed as a
prisoner. Rose frantically sets out to look for him and while this is
going on the ship is sinking and everybody is evacuating. She finds
Jack and they escape to the top of the ship. Since only women and
children were going first on boats Rose gets on forcefully by Cal's and
her mother's wish. Then suddenly goes up and to Jack she leaves the
boat without the people because she only wants to stay with Jack. When
the Ship sinks Rose and Jack dive to the bottom there they stay until
Jack dies. Then Rose blows a whistle and a rescue comes. And saves her
and not JACk. So that was basically it. It was an awesome story and I
cried in the end. Very big TEAR JERKER.
			
I must say this is the greatest movie like Ever made! I won't spoil by
saying anything but yeah it's pretty darn awesome! If you have not seen
it, I highly recommend it!Look for it on TV, or go to a movie store and
get it or borrow it from a friend! Like I said best movie ever made! I
really have never seen a better movie in my life! For people who love a
good love story, this movie is for you!It has amazing graphics witch is
a plus to this sweet movie!I would rate it 100 out of 100! If you think
I'm obsessing over it just see it for your self. Then come back. I can
not say it enough, THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE! I highly recommend it to
anyone over the age of 12 or 13!
			
It is truly regrettable that Titanic is not in the the top 250.I think
this is mainly due to the fact that it was so successful.As the biggest
grossing movie of all time it is a big target of those who think that
nothing could deserve such commercial success.I saw it for the first
time when it first came out on the big screen and 3 hours later I left
the theatre literally blown away.I have sen it a few times since and my
experience has been pretty much the same...i felt that i had seen a
great classic.People have a problem with romance?.....Well the romantic
story is the heart of this film much as it was with the all time
favourite of many (none other than Casablanca)...For Me.....James
Cameron achieved the impossible ....he was able to convince you that
you had witnessed the sinking of that gigantic ship!..The acting
(contrary to the opinions of some)was fine....have there been better
acting performances on screen? sure there have been but i don't see
Olivier's version of Hamlet on the top list.....For me the story
telling was excellent not just in terms of the love relation between
Winsett and DiCaprio but also how it adressed the notions of class
distinction as well as man's arrogance as far as the forces of nature
are concerned.i gave this film a 10 and am not ashamed to admit
it!!!!!!!!!!!!
			
When I was in the third grade I learned about the Titanic. The moment
after I first heard of it, I immediately got interested in it. Then
awhile later, I heard of the movie. I wanted to see it, so I rented it
and watched it with my parents (they already saw it so I knew how it
ended) and when it was done, I was crying. I'm 15 right now and when I
see it I still at times hold back tears. I couldn't imagine anyone who
wouldn't be touched by this. The plot is excellent, the actors play the
roles very well, and the special effects are excellent. It also shows
that the disaster could have been less tragic if they put more
lifeboats and put more people in them. This is a film which is a
defenet must-see film.
			
OK so its been 10 years and I still haven't seen a movie that beats
Titanic. From the sad romance to the actual horror of the sinking ship
it is definitely the best. What makes this such a great movie is the
different geners. There is a love story that many teenage girls might
like and action that may take the interest of many guys. Who ever you
may be there's always a part in the movie that anybody would like, but
it all fits with the love story between Rose and Jack. Many people love
to hate this film, but it doesn't make it a bad movie the box office
number says it all. yes, there are people that say otherwise, but there
are still many people that still enjoy watching the movie. I myself
probably watch it once every two weeks yeah, its a lot, but what could
I say, it never gets old and every time I watch it it gives me the same
feeling it always has as if its the first time I've ever seen it. Its
definitely timeless no matter what people say and I'm pretty sure there
are many who agree with me. Defintaly a classic!! 10/10+
			
Well, I think it is about time that I commented on "Titanic", one of my
all-time favourite films. I have wanted to express my appreciation for
this film for a long time, and I think that today, the 94th anniversary
of the tragedy, is an appropriate time to do it...I first saw this film on April 22nd 1998. I wasn't expecting very
much...after all, you know how it ends...the ship sinks. But wow...I
was absolutely blown away by "Titanic". I literally could not think of
anything else for weeks on end, such was the effect it had on me. In
short, "Titanic" awakened my interest in cinema.The film is presented as a love story between Jack (DiCaprio) and Rose
(Winslet). Jack is a poor, steerage passenger, and his character
represents the least likely group of people to survive the disaster.
Rose is a wealthy first-class passenger, and she represents those most
likely to survive the disaster. They fall in love against the odds. And
although some people find their story corny, I found it incredibly
touching.The acting is excellent throughout. Kate Winslet is a revelation as the
feisty heroine. And Leo DiCaprio is perfect as Jack, the winsome ray of
sunshine. The real stand-out performance for me was that of Victor
Garber as Thomas Andrews the shipbuilder...his final scenes are truly
heartbreaking. Also worth noting is the wonderful cinematography, the
beautiful, historically-accurate costumes and James Horner's fantastic
soundtrack. And, of course, Celine Dion and "My Heart Will Go On".I will admit that this is not a film for the cynical. It is not your
typical noisy disaster movie...the over-riding message of "Titanic" is
that self-sacrifice is noble, and that true love can conquer all, even
death. I cannot describe how emotional the ending is...Rose makes a
promise to Jack, and she keeps it...the ending at the top of the stairs
is...gulp...I'm going to start crying now! A fine tribute to all those
who died aboard the great ship on April 15, 1912. Thank you James
Cameron!
			
Titanic, One of the world's most remarkable movies ever it's a 10/10
movie the performances in the movie Titanic are some of the best ever
the film is so remarkable, there's not enough to say about this modern
day masterpiece the work, the special effects of this film are the best
seen in film history. Titanic deserved all and everyone of those 11
Oscars the most ever won by a film in decades, it was the world's most
expensive movie in film history and grossing the most money ever almost
$2 billion worldwide the craftsmanship of the Titanic was outstanding i
was very impressed on how the Titanic was built for the film the extras
in the film were so amazing you definitely would of believed it was
real since of the real Titanic sinking in 1912 three films have been
made over the decades and they were called 'Titanic ' (1953) 'A night
to remember' (1958) and 'Titanic' (1997) the film Titanic made in 1997
stacks such higher than the other two you definitely have to see this
film on a big screen would be outstanding the performances the effects
the emotions every aspect of the film are outstanding 101% Quality
EXCELLENT WORK FROM JAMES CAMERON LEOARDO DICAPRIO and KATE WINSLET THE
BEST FILM OF ALL TIME 10/10
			
Reading the previous reviews convinced me to write myself one. A 7 is
too low. Maybe going to watch this you expect to see only the tragedy,
because people by definition love them. The love story and the humor
are not the main pattern in this movie, but the line cannot be followed
unless there is a intrigue. The effects are good for 1997..could been a
bit better in my opinion.What really amazes in this movie is the
greatness and the magnificence. In Titanic everything is on the
superlative. We must give the man credit for that! The presentation of
each character along with their drama puts you right there, and that is
what a movie must do. Go see it! Is a classic already and I guarantee
you that you will forget for a couple of hours of your problems :)
			
I already knew that jack was going to die before i saw the movie cause
somebody told me, but i was on the edge of my seat thinking he is going
to make it!I still cried. This movie is the best I've ever seen! Its
not just a typical love story! If it were jack would of lived and Cal
would of died! It would of been just another happy ever after! But no!
its the most beautiful love story i have ever seen! Jack cared so much
for Rose! He loved her so much! Thats what made most of us cry!There's
not always a happy ending thats life real life not just another movie!
It has so much emotion! Evertime i watch it i cry during the "flying"
seen cause i know whats going to happen. Jack helped Rose showed her
things and made life better for her. Don't you agree with me?This is a great movie cause it has a lot of life lessons in it such as:Things like diamonds don't matter people do!
			
I saw "Titanic" in a first-run theater in 1997 and loved it. I had not
watched it again until today because I had made the mistake -- and it
was a mistake -- of believing that the enthusiasm for the film came
entirely from teenaged girls and desperate housewives. BZZZT! Wrong. I
am a man of, ahem, mature years, and was deeply moved, both in 1997 and
again today.The drama of this wildly romantic tale is greatly enhanced by the
presence of the ominous tragedy that was the TITANIC disaster. Nobody
uses visual images, enhanced by special effects better than James
Cameron and "Titanic" is his masterpiece, it seems to me. Every frame
of the film is beautiful and reflects the $200 million that were spent
in making it.Now let's talk about why I think that this film should work for
everyone. First, there is no real-life disaster that was more poignant
than the TITANIC sinking, so the movie rises far above the romantic
disaster genre because it tells much of the real life story of the
tragedy. Second, the movie, "Titanic" is simply awesome to both look at
and listen to. My enjoyment was enhanced because I got to see it on a
big screen high definition TV and listen to it on a first class 5.1
home theater sound system. Finally, "Titanic" just works. If you pay
attention and think it will break your heart, I promise.
			
I can not quite understand why this movie is rated only a 7.0, it is
worthy of so much more! I did not know what to expect from the movie,
"Titanic," when it first came out for viewing; other than it being said
to be "terrific", "superb", and "heart-moving" from classmates and
friends. When I finally saw the movie in the theaters, I was left
speechless! That was the best movie I have seen. The "Titanic" is more
of a fairytale, a movie that keeps you at the edge of your seats until
the end of the movie. It was a movie that displays the social classes,
the untroubled life of the low classes and the superficial life of the
rich ones. A part of the movie was a love story between two young
people, the rich and misunderstood girl played by Kate Winslet and the
poor young man played by Leonardo DiCaprio. When destiny brought them
together on the voyage of the Titanic, they faced many troubling events
in order to pursue their prohibited love. Another factor that everyone
should absolutely go see this "Titanic" is because of the platinum and
Oscar winning soundtrack. It was simply wonderful, it sounded like an
angel singing and it really helped when it was played during the sad
moments in the movie. Celine Dion did an excellent job in singing "My
Heart Will Go On", and James Horner did the terrific job producing the
song. James Cameron, the director, did an unbelievable job in transporting
the audience back to 1912; the misfortune of the sinking ship, Titanic.
And the special effects for this movie? Wow, it was jaw-dropping. The
computer-generated ship was flawless  I didn't even know it was
computer generated until I watched the "background scenes" for this
movie "Titanic".The performances of Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet were absolutely
breathtaking. It almost felt as if the audience were apart of their
love, their love felt so real. It is no wonder that they were nominated
for Academy Award.
			
Without doubt one of the greatest motion picture movies ever, about one
of the greatest disasters in history. It is the present day and
obsessive Titanic architect Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) is with his deep
dive underwater crew just above the dormant wreck of the Titanic, for
three years Lovett has been searching for a blue diamond that belonged
to a passenger But when he finds the safe and it is brought to surface
he is devastated to discover artistic drawing of a beautiful young
woman, but no jewels. Meanwhile miles away an elderly woman (Gloria
Stewart) sits at a table pottering when she sees the Lovett news
report, her name is Rose Calvert. Rose immediately calls Brock
identifying herself as the woman in the picture and within days she
joins the Lovett crew. She tells them all of her journey on the Titanic
and love affair that changed her life. Bringing the past vividly back
to life. April 1912 and on the docks at Southampton people from all
nations look as the world famous cruiser Titanic sets sail on her
maiden voyage. On board, in one of the most exclusive staterooms is the
privileged and beautiful Rose Dewitt Bukater, (Kate Winslet) spoilt and
suicidally depressed, her world is thrown into turmoil when a handsome
stranger, Jack Dawson (Leonardo Di Caprio) from the third class saves
her life. Against all social standings and rules, Rose and Jack embark
on passionate affair that seemed doomed from the first kiss, and as
danger approaches in different ways Rose and Jack and the passengers on
the unsinkable ship face a furious battle for survival. The winner of
11 Oscars, Titanic is the one great movie that allows the world to
recreate the class, beauty, and horror that took place early on in the
morning on April 15, 1912.
			
This is a brilliant movie, it put life back into the classic 'titanic'
and it made sure the titanic was not forgotten. It felt comforting for
those viewers who appreciate the finer things in life. I think that
those who don't appreciate this film don't appreciate the true value of
life and thats love, the actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet
acted the love beautifully and made it seem like a wonderful and
natural thing and made some viewers want to have that kind of love
although some are afraid to admit it. The actors made the love
believable and it was truly inspiring to watch. This film is truly the
best one i've ever seen and it is great for those viewers who are
emotional and want to watch a tear jerker.
			
This is the best movie ever made in the whole movie industry. Why would
I recommend anyone to watch it? 'Cause in one word - you'll stay
breathless. This movie is incredible, I've loved it in every way - the
scenes, the script, the picture, the clothes, the music - it's all so
magical. I really enjoyed watching 'Titanic'. The actors are amazing -
handsome Leo and beautiful Kate (which is by the way one of my favorite
actresses) did fine job and I couldn't picture anyone else to act
instead of them. There is some kind of power, some kind of joy which
can be seen in every second of this movie and that is what makes it so
great. Love between Rose and Jack is so amazingly expressed in that
free, innocent way of their talking and just looking at each other. And
I don't want you think that I'm one of those types who are pure
romantic souls and instantly watch soaps. I'm in fact opposite of them,
maybe not entirely, but I am. That's why I don't think Rose should be
criticized for letting Jack go into the water. That is the thing that
makes the strength of this movie, the freedom of expressing cruel
reality of today's world. It can't everything go well and as the way we
want it. I really loved the fact that movie did not end '..and they
lived happily ever after..' And it would be stupid if it ended like
that. This movie shows that you can at least once in a lifetime
experience pure, true and free love that can lead you to the most
secret places in your mind and 'you can be saved by that person in
every possible way that one person can be saved', just as Rose has
said. With these I words I leave you think about what I said and I
recommend you to watch this movie 'cause those three are hours you'll
never forget, just like I never will.
			
I enjoyed this movie, and thought it was real good for the price of the
movie ticket and DVD. A treasure hunter is looking for a diamond. He
finds a drawing of a girl with the diamond. It is shown on the news,
and an old lady calls up claiming to be the woman in the drawing. She
is asked to come to the ship to help with the search. However, she
tells her side of the story of what really happened. She was Rose, a
young girl that felt trapped inside her own world because she is being
forced to marry a rich guy. She meets a third class guy named Jack
Dawson. They fall in love, while being separated by Rose's mother and
Cal. (Sounds like a cow to me). While all the chaos happens, the ship
hits the iceberg. I believe you know the rest of the story.
			
Very few movies have been able to move me as much time and time again
as this one has. This movie is the only movie that has the ability to
make me cry every single time that I watch it. Titanic is a tale of
love and disaster all in one. The irony of it is that Rose saw Titanic
as a "slave ship", yet she found Jack who allowed her to break free and
pursue her dreams. Finding Jack on the ship changed Rose's life; she
did all of the things that Jack and her had talked about doing, which
she probably would not have done if she hadn't of met him. This movie
shows that those that you have loved do live on inside of you forever,
and Rose lived on for both herself and Jack. Doing for both of them
what they had only talked about doing. Titanic is truly one of the
greatest films, I believe. A piece of cinema that should be cherished.
			
I am a big Leo fan and to tell you the truth half the reason i went to
see the movie in the first place was because he was in it! but now that
i have seen it, it doesn't really matter that he's in it. i mean don't
get me wrong he was absolutely fantastic in this movie, but it's good
no matter what! and i will give James Cameron major props!! bravo! i
thought this movie was a major tear-jerker! i cried most at the very
end where it shows "rose" an old woman warm in her bed, and it's
showing all of her pics.; and i thought it was so sad when it showed
the pic. of her riding side-saddle (like he was gonna show her) on the
surf, and there were roller coasters behind her (remember they talked
about riding on them until they threw up!lol.)i guess the reason i
thought it was so sad was because she kept her promise to him for all
those years. i mean she survived and went on even when it seemed
hopeless, she had babies, and she died an old woman warm in her bed. i
think it is one of the best movies i have ever seen!! it's number one
on my favorites list!!
			
Hey I loved this movie...actress Kate Winslet was superb in this movie
I absolutely loved her role as Rose...omg and Leo's roll as Jack Dawson
was so cool!!!! I loved this movie as a whole!!!!!!!! I own it and I
would die if something ever happened to the disc. Its Awesome! I
thought the mother of Rose was all about having fine things, and the
only way to live is by having the very best and being better then all
and not conversing with other below you. Oh and the fianc' of Rose was
just omg I don't know how to explain what I thought of him. Anyways, ya
and thats why I gave this movie a 10 rating. Because no matter what
anyone else says...Nobody can persuade me to change my mind about this
movie.
			
Judging by some of the comments I have read about this film from
others: I would say that the makers of this film cannot win. If they
did not try to get the get the actual historical facts right, I would
be complaining. If they do, then the scriptwriters get it in the neck
for not being imaginative enough.For my part, I thought that the rich girl/poor Irishman story was
wonderfully woven into the plot. Through the eyes of these two lovers,
we are given a wonderful history lesson. We are introduced to the
British caste system. We know that there were motor vehicles aboard,
because they consummated their relationship in a car. When the ship is
sunk we know that people were stuck in the water for far too long
before the lifeboats came to rescue them; and, that, as a result,
survivors at that stage were very rare. People who castigate all the
literary devices used in this film should really lighten up: they are
educational devices.There may be a few things about this film that are historically
incorrect. For instance in the trick photography scene, where the
captain's cup of Russian tea turns into the ship itself, there is smoke
coming from all four funnels, even though everybody knows that one of
the funnels - presumably the one that capsized - was a ventilator.The only bit of real criticism would be the music. It might have been
better if the music were more timeless rather than the transitory voice
of that Canadian singer whose name I have forgotten already.
			
This movie is fantastic! Everything is just about perfect! Leo was a
fantastic Jack Dawson! Leo made the character so believable. Kate
Winslet was fantastic! You could always feel her emotions! Sad, angry,
happy, scared, etc. She brings such a powerful performance. It leaves
you speechless!! To save space I will just say that not one of the
characters in this movie was unbelievable! Fantastic cast! The special
features are amazing! If the ship is about to leave port, you feel as
though you are actually watching the Titanic leave port in the massive
waving crowd. I know this has been said before, but I must say it
again. You truly feel like you are on the Titanic! The script is
extremely fantastic and unpredictable! I want to just say thanks!
Thanks to the cast for all of their outstanding performances! Thanks to
the people that cast the cast! Thanks to all of the crew and anyone
that helped in any way to make this film possible. Thanks to James
Cameron for writing, producing, directing, etc. This fantastic film! If
you have not yet seen this film, I recommend you rush to your local
videostore and watch it! It will leave you speechless! You will wonder
how you ever went through life without seeing this incredible, superb
film!
			
If you go into this move expecting great things you will not be
disappointed."Titanic" relays the short romance between two star-crossed lovers
aboard the doomed vessel for which the movie is named. Jack Dawson
(skillfully played by Leonardo DiCaprio), a rogue who only got on the
"unsinkable ship" because of a lucky hand of poker, meets and instantly
falls in love with a beautiful, wealthy girl named Rose Dewitt Bukater
(played by the enchanting Kate Winslet). This story is told through the
quiet voice of a very old Rose, getting her first submarine-eye's view
of the ocean liner lying on the bottom of the Atlantic. Expect fairly
typical plot lines to be compounded by an overbearingly protective
fianc (Billy Zane) and his hit-man type manservant. Love is sure to
conquer all, but will it be worth it, for the two lovers soon find
themselves trapped on a sinking vessel.This movie has all the drama and intensity to have won the eleven
Oscars it has and its impressive acting and spectacular effects will be
sure to make this movie a recurring favorite.I went into this movie thinking that Leonardo DiCaprio was nothing more
than a pretty face, but left with a new sense of appreciation for this
young actor. True, there were a few times in which I believed that his
acting was wooden, but those times were sorely overshadowed by moments
of incredible acting. Going in, I was most interested in seeing Kate
Winslet as the leading lady. She was as marvelous as ever - truly fun
to watch. Look for great acting from Kathy Bates and Bernard Hill as
well.Effects-wise, this is one of the best movies I have seen. While I would
not put the effects quite on par with some of Ridley Scott's movies, I
must admit my wonder at seeing torrents of water gushing down corridors
and stairwells. Any senses of drama or despair are multiplied one
hundred fold by these effects. I particularly liked how the scene would
shift from the rotted water filled corpse of the sunken vessel the old
Rose is viewing into the Titanic-era time period existing only in her
memory. Such shifts make for nearly flawless transitions from past to
present.In any review for this movie, the score cannot be forgotten. James
Horner brings us the perfect feel for this movie by meshing the Irish
jigs of steerage with the string quartets of first class and adding
some captivating, Irish sounding tunes all his own. This score is
powerfully moving and is a perfect compliment to the drama of this
film.Now, I will mention that this movie will likely be considered a "chick
flick" by most accounts, but I believe that guys could enjoy this movie
strictly for it's effects. And at over three hours long, this is likely
not a good movie for those unable to sit for extended periods of time.
For the most part, though, I have few problems with this film.Before I call a movie "great" I must have experienced every emotion
during its course. "Titanic" is a movie that I could consider great. I
laughed, cried, loved, hated, and otherwise experienced every possible
human feeling.This is one of those rare films in which every element seems to be
working exactly right. I cannot find much fault with acting, plot,
effects or score, but don't take my word for it; check it out yourself.
I doubt you will be disappointed.9  out of 10 stars.
			
I do believe that TITANIC is a FANTASTIC movie and if i do say so 1 of
the best the way James Cameron has done all this is absolutely amazing
and i give him full marks for an award winning film and sad as it is
with the loss of all the people on board that doom stricken ship the
way he displayed it was immense and some members of my family were
aboard that ship and I absolutely love the film because the romance
shows that not even a ship that was doomed could break there
relationship and it proves the real fact true love never dies. The
graphics don't look fake and basically everything looks realistic and
so life like. I have recommended a lot of films in my time and i may
only be 13 but I would have loved to see this movie in the cinemas.
10/10
			

Contains spoiler!!!
I don't understand how some people can say this Movie is so bad and how
Leonardo DiCaprio isn't a great actor.  I think Leonardo Di Caprio played
his part in this movie very well, there really looked like there was a
bond
between him and Kate Winslet.  I am glad Leonardo played the part of Jack
rather then Brad Pitt because I think Brad Pitt is more suitable for the
action movies.
I must agree the last half an hour or so is very moving it brings a tear
to
my eye every time, especially when Rose (Kate Winslet) says to Jack "I
won't
let go Jack" then lets his body sink to the bottom of the
ocean.
And for those people who say the only good bit in Titanic is when the
ship
sinks, well these people are either in to modern day action thrillers and
not into true stories, or they don't relise how well the movie resembles
the
real story of Titanic.
This Movie in my opinion Titanic should be at least in the top 10 movies
ever made.   
			

I loved this movie since I was 7 and I saw it on the opening day. It was so
touching and beautiful. I strongly recommend seeing for all. It's a movie to
watch with your family by far.My MPAA rating: PG-13 for thematic elements, prolonged scenes of disastor,
nudity/sexuality and some language.
			

What's inexplicable? Firstly, the hatred towards this movie. It may not be
the greatest movie of all time, but gimme a break, it got 11 oscars for a
reason, it made EIGHTEEN HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS for a reason. It's a damn
good movie. Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it. I have no
idea whatsoever why this movie left such an impression on me when I saw it
in theaters. I've rewatched it on TV and video, and it had none of the
impact it had when I saw it on the big screen (twice, or maybe three
times,
actually). But that might be it, the appeal of it. It's a Movie, yes,
capital M there, it's an Epic, it's a spectacle in the order of Gone With
the Wind or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem kinda hokey
to
me, with the hammy acting and excessive melodrama. Not that Titanic has
none
of that. Well, the acting was actually very good. The melodrama was quite
heavy-handed at times.But the reason Titanic works is that it's such an emotional ride. I
usually
enjoy movies that stimulate the mind, or give me a visual thrill. This
movie
isn't exactly dumb, but it's not cerebral at all. The visual thrills are
simply means to an end, to fuel the emotions of the audience. I didn't cry
when Bambi's mom died, I don't react to tearjerkers. But this is a
tearjerker to the power of ten million, an emotional rollercoaster that,
if
it were a regular one, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl.
And
I'm sure that if you see it on video and have decided that you hate it,
and
have a ready supply of cynicism, then you can thoroughly dislike this
movie.
But if you let that disbelief suspend just a bit, if you give this epic
melodrama the benefit of the doubt, you'll enjoy it completely. And look
at
the top ten grossing films of all time. Is a single one of them bad? Is a
single one of them worth a score of 1 out of 10? No, not even The Phantom
Menace. And this movie made 1.8 BILLION DOLLARS worldwide. It can't be
bad.
Not possible. 10/10.p.s. how can anyone even consider comparing this to spiderman? spiderman
was
a fun movie, but it was a total 9/11 kneejerk that caused it to
gross as much as it did. it simply wasn't anything all that special. no
one
will remember it in 50 years. but i'm pretty sure Titanic will be
remembered.
			

Why do people bitch about this movie and not about awful movies like The
Godfather.
Titanic is the greatest movie of the 21st Century.With great
acting,directing,effects,music and generally everything.
This movie is always dumped by all because one day some one said they
didn't
like it any more so most of the world decided to agree.
There is nothing wrong with this movie.
All I can say is that this movie, not only being the most heavily Oscar
Awarded movie of all time, the most money ever made ever and sadly one of
the most underrated movies I've ever seen.
Apart from that it is truly the best movie of all time.
The only movies that come close to being like all the Star Wars and the
Lord
of the Rings trilogy or anything by the masters Hitchcock or Spielberg or
Tim Burton.
These are all good movies and directors but none match up to James
Cameron's
Masterpiece TITANIC.

			

When I saw this movie I was stunned by what a great movie it was.  This is
the only movie I think I would ever give a 10 star rating. I am sure this
movie will always be in my top 5.The acting is superb.  Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslett are at their
best.  I don't think anyone could have a better job than Kate. If it is a rainy day and you can't decide what to rent, well, this is the
one.  You will love all the acting, special effects, and much much
more.If you have not seen this movie go rent or buy it now!!!  You won't regret
it.
			

Leo DiCaprio is a great leading man in this.  I wish some of the supporting
characters were more fleshed out, we don't get to know them enough to
really
feel with them.  I liked Terminator and Aliens more than this one and I
think of James Cameron as a great director more becuase of those movies.
But this had great romance and action.   
			

This movie is perfect. The love story was believable, the acting was
great,
special effects were wonderful... This movie couldn't be better!! This is
only movie I've bought. I like to watch it again and again. Truly a
masterpiece.
			

I just saw this movie on video after missing it on the silver screen.With all the hype about the movie, I was a bit skeptical about how
good the movie was going to be.  I sure was mistaken.It is riveting!.   Titanic (1997) is absolutely the BEST movie I have
EVER seen!!  It is more than just a movie,  it is an experience!
			

This movie really put you at a loss for words. I especially like the
character, Rose DeWitt Bukater played by Kate Winslet. This is because I can
totally relate to what she was going through before she met Jack Dawson
(Leonardo DiCaprio). Her mother was always worrying about money and class.
Her fiance, Cal Hockley, cared only about what he wanted and didn't think
much of the lower standard people. Jack really guided her and made her
happy. 
			

one of the best films ever made-kate winslet not winning the oscar proves
that there is no justice in the Academy!!
Outstanding performances, awe-inspiring special effects, plus the
juxtaposition of rich and poor and an ironic, heart-wrenching climax make
it
a cinematic masterpiece
			

WOW!!!
I loved it!!
Everything was great! The actors were perfect and did a brilliant job.Both
Leo and Kate deserved an oscar each.
Well done to Cameron! Another masterpiece!

			

The start was very Disney like.Very bad dialogue and very condescending.But
I was patient and I found the movie turning into gold with every passing
minute starting with the scene where Leonardo was dining with the rich
people,then from then on the film just kept impressing me.The movie started
loosing it's Disney compromises with every minute passing.This movie could
have been perfect with a better start,particularly with the dialogue.But
after all the positive things this movie has shown,it has my blessings as a
bonafide classic.Very depressing though.Very sad story but that was intended
and the love story had it's power thru the tragedies around it.One would
expect tragedy with a movie regarding this sort of historical disaster
anyhow.It reminds me of another romantic movie with a very tragic ending
that I love which is "A Place In The Sun" with Elizabeth Taylor and
Montgomery Clift.But I accepted the tragic end of that one becouse it was
made clear that Clift confessed to murder in one form or another.But
Leonardo in this movie was such a gallant heroic young man that it depresses
us to see him end that way.I'm not a nut for depressing romantic movies but
I can appreciate them.This movie won me in the end.It also had one of the
most suspensefull scenes I have ever seen.I was literally sweating and could
hardly contain myself when Leonardo was being rescued from those
handcuffs!This movie had that classic magic indeed.........
			

	Titanic opens with Brock Lovett (Paxton) and his crew as they begin to dive
down 12,500 feet to the wreckage of the R.M.S. Titanic, which struck an
iceberg and sank in the North Atlantic Sea on April 15, 1912.  The movie
jumps from present day, to the day of that ill-fated voyage, then returns to
the present day.  That unfortunate day begins with Jack Dawson (DiCaprio)
winning a ticket to ride the Titanic back to America where he is from. 
While on board, he meets Rose DeWitt Bukater (Winslet), a woman being forced
to marry a man she does not love.  While on board, Jack and Rose develop a
loving relationship, and spend all their time together hiding their feelings
from all those who oppose.  Titanic follows the two as they fall in love,
evade the jealous ex-fianc, Cal Hockley (Zane), and eventually watch as
their very short time begins to come to an end due to the sinking of the
great Titanic.
	Of the many characters that went through changes in Titanic, I chose to
discuss Rose DeWitt Bukater, and why she represents a three-dimensional
character.  When we first are introduced to Rose, we get the impression that
she is a little `rich bitch.'  She pulls up on the boarding dock in a
caravan of new cars, welding a barrage of luggage.  When she first lays eyes
upon Jack, who is on the lower deck with the rest of the `commoners', she
has already formed her inferior opinion of him.  It is not until Jack
stumbles onto Rose attempting to leap from the aft of the Titanic, and saves
her, does she begin to realize that he is not inferior, and instead an
interesting man.  Rose soon begins to fall in love with Jack, and this is
where we see her change from that `rich bitch' to a caring, lovable woman. 
We later find out that even though she let go of Jack by the end of the
film, she carried the memory of him her entire life through the beautiful
necklace she wore as Jack sketched her portrait. 
	 Titanic is filled with irony, symbolism, and conflict.  The fact the Jack
Dawson won his ticket to ride on Titanic, only to perish on it's very first
voyage, is the first taste of irony that we experience.  Also, how
heartbreaking is it that just after finding true love, they are split by the
death of Jack?  Tragic.  
	The greatest use of symbolism in Titanic occurs within the scene where Jack
attends the dinner with Rose, Cal, and others.  This represents the life
that Rose is bound to, and desperately seeking to escape.  The opposite
happens when Jack takes Rose down to the lower deck, and we witness Rose
expressing her most comfortable, newfound personality.  We also cannot
forget the use of the diamond necklace.  The necklace ultimately represents
Roses' undying love for Jack, which she has held onto all her life.  Only
after she visits the wreckage of the Titanic is she finally ready to let go,
and subsequently releases the necklace to the sea, and passes on in her
sleep.  
	As with many of James Cameron's films, Titanic uses numerous close up shots
to convey intimacy.  A perfect example of this occurs in the scene when Jack
is drawing the nude form of Rose.  Another technique that I feel James
Cameron has mastered is the use of sound and/or music in his films.  A right
sound effect, or musical score as in Titanic, helps to complete that scary
slasher scene, or that sad death scene, or even that scene where words just
cannot express the right feeling as in that beautiful scene in Titanic when
the lifeboat is being lowered with Rose inside.  
	The film Titanic is such that in my opinion could be considered as having
both a realistic and romantic ending.  The fact that Jack Dawson died at the
end makes it a realistic ending; while having Rose walking to the rear of
the ship to toss the ever symbolic diamond necklace into the night darkened
sea creates the feeling of a romantic ending.  
	Titanic proves to not only push the envelope, but break it wide open with
the masterful direction by James Cameron.  While Titanic's photography would
reason to be realistic, it is by all accounts formalist.   The use of
distorted camera angles, wide-angle shots, and camera movements make it
such.  
	As I earlier stated, the use of a great musical score in any film will
make, or break that particular feeling the director wishes to convey.  It is
said that realists films employ minimal musical scores, while formalist
films come with big scores that are hard to ignore.  Titanic not only has
the critically acclaimed `My Heart Will Go On' theme song, but many
beautiful scores such as `Rose' and `Southampton' which, in this reviewers
opinion, is the main reason this movie was as beautiful as it really was. 	Costuming for Titanic was definitely elaborate and by itself is another
reason this film is considered a formalist film.
	Lastly, the way the story and characters unfold is widely considered
formalistic.  Formalist films are ones with courageous heroes (Jack) and
beautiful women (Rose).  The story in Titanic took place on the biggest and
most prestigious ocean liner ever built, which coincides with the fact that
formalist films take place in exotic settings.  The only inconsistency that
I have encountered with James Cameron's Titanic being measured a formalist
film is the fact that it could be said that the film contains two different
endings.  The first, by definition, could be considered realist because Jack
Dawson ultimately died after the sinking.  Since the older Rose was shown
tossing the necklace into the sea, achieving a final internal peace and
showing that she is ready to let go and join Jack in the afterlife, it is my
opinion this proves that it has a happy ending and hence should be referred
to as formalist.

			

I have seen Titanic many times, and I am still captured by the brilliance
of
the way this movie is filmed.I believe Titanic is one of the greatest films ever, my favorite, only
because it involves the audience so well.  Not only has James Cameron
provided us with a real look at the era in which Titanic was present, but
he
has designed a story which will have people wanting more.It is a must watch movie.
			

everything a girl could ever want is contained within this film, we've got
romance, suspense, thriller, action and a cool soundtrack as well.Leo
Dicaprio plays a reasonable part as the poor kid, who manages to convince
Rose(Kate Winslet) to is charms.Of course, you just know that disaster has
to strike, but it all adds to the convention of the film.Cameron has
really
rocked the boat on this one (haha) in the biggest film made ever, which
got
11 academy awards, which I think are thoroughly derserved
			

This movie is a movie with the capital M. Like "Gone With The Wind" places
the love of two normal characters into the Story, involving us in one of
the
great disasters of all time. If the story
(beautiful-rich-next-to-marry-rich-b****rd-girl
meets young-handsome-pure-and-intelligent-guy)is already known, Cameron
shows us how cinema can reconstruct the real world. Years of study on the
original projects of the ship, a perfect research from the structure of
the
ship until the resemblance of the actors with the real persons (Bernard
Hill
and Victor Garber are the clearest examples), all is made by Cameron to
take
us on the "Titanic": we taste the beauty of the ship, the elegance of the
rich people and the dreams of the poor ones. And then, we sink with the
ship
and its inhabitants. A perfect movie with a perfect cast and a perfect
crew
(never forget the James Horner's wonderful score or the fantastic art
direction by Peter Lamont). Perfect, nothing else to say.
			

I almost wish this film was not as financially as successful as it was so
that some people are not prejudiced by its mainstream appeal for they would
miss not only a great movie but an experience.This is one of the rare romantic films that I felt 'worked'. The dialogue
from beginning to end was top grade. Sure a few cheesy lines may have
slipped here or there but for the most part, the dialogue that delivered
the
story transcended that of any romantic film I have seen to
date.Anyone that has seen the movie knows this was not about a boat that sank
but
rather the love of two people (Jack & Rose) that was so strong which over
shadowed the danger they faced. Both willing to die so long as they were
together for they would have no reason to go on with out each other. This
is
the Romeo & Juliet of the 20th Century.If I am to find a love at least half as strong as that of Jack & Rose, I
would consider myself extremely lucky.
			

This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. Everything about it was
EXCELLENT. The James Cameron really did a good job on this movie. The music
was so beautiful. The plot was so touching and sweat. The character are
excellently written. I don't know anything about this movie that I don't
like. I recommend this movie to anyone who like a really good romance story.
This is the most beautiful movie ever made.
			

You know.  If you were stuck on a desert island and could only take one
movie?  What would it be?  That's what I mean by desert island material.
I'd take this one.  Romance, adventure, heroism, betrayal, lust, history,
laughter, tragedy, grandeur....Perfect in it's idea and execution.  A fictional romance intertwined with
the most famous of human tragedies.  Unparalleled attention-to-detail.
SPARKLING cinematography.  A soundtrack that draws you back to the ship
every time your hear it.  Just a breathtaking film.The ONLY reason it is not in the top 10 all-time are the 'bogus' voters
who
gave it a 1 out of 10 rating.  Obviously, they cast retaliatory votes.
Retaliating against the oversaturation of Titanic memorabilia, hype, etc.
Everyone has their own opinions, but they should really just rate the film
and not the hype.  The most awarded film in Academy Award history.  The
highest grossing movie of all-time.  Top selling classical soundtrack in
history.  Rates a 1 of 10?  Of course not.  It's a treasure.
			

I am sick of people saying this is a bad film. Get used to it, this was a
breathtaking journey, it deserved all its 11 Oscars and all its success. I
am extremely surprised that it isn't in the IMDb Top 250.I liked everything about this movie, the performances from Kate Winslet,
Leonardo DiCaprio, Frances Fisher, Kathy Bates and Billy Zane were all
impressive, but this time, the performances aren't the sparkle in the film.
It is really the effort that went into the direction, visual effects, sound
and sound editing and musical score that made the film such a sparkling,
memorable gem.This is the best film of 1997 no doubt, and after which will soon be 4
years, I still can't stop thinking about this amazing achievement.Rating: 10
			

In James Cameron's finest film to date, he writes and directs a period piece
worthy of its name, and a solemn homage to those who passed on that fateful
night in 1912.
The labour of love's only due comparison is to Hollywood's yesteryear
classics such as "Gone With The Wind."With a commentary on social classes and the trappings of the Victorians,
Cameron goes beyond his norm -- and excells!!Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet charge the screen as Jack Dawson and Rose
DeWitt Bukateer, respectfully.  A strong supporting cast including "The
Invisible Man"s Gloria Stuart, who carries the film in flashback,
brillantly.If you're one of the very few people who haven't seen it yet, be aware that
you are missing one of Hollywood's finest films.  The combination of
awestriking special effects and corsetted costume drama mix only too
well.
			

When i vote for a movie, I always comment on it. I want to do that now too,
but I don't know what to say except the usual "This is one of my favourite
movies of all time" and "it made me cry" This movie is just too beautiful to
put into words. The director worked on it for five whole years and his work
paid of: oscars, great reviews, everybody was (and still is) in love with
this movie.my rate: 10
			

I have been fascinated by the story of the White Star Line's most
luxurious
liner that sank on her maiden voyage, ever since I first learned of it 20
years ago, and my Dad would always say "And they STILL don't know where
she
came to rest..." Remember, it wasn't until 1985 when National Geographic
found the wreck.I have many books, articles, and video programs about the history of the
RMS
Titanic, it's people, and it's impact on the entire world following the
tragedy.When Cameron's "Titanic" debuted in the theater, all I heard was how great
the love story was. I didn't think that any film that put fictional
characters in a real setting, especially one as dramatic as the Titanic
disaster could succeed. I was wrong."Titanic" is an excellent film in all respects. Both DiCaprio and Winslet
have a realistic and charismatic chemistry with each other. Kathy Bates
was
born to play the role of Molly Brown,
Billy Zane is wonderfully despicable as the intended husband for Winslet,
and Bernard Hill lends a great deal of respect to his role as Captain John
Smith.But the real star is indeed, the ship itself. It is absolutely phenomenal
how the filmmakers recreated the legendary ship for the film. The grand
staircase with the carving of hope and glory crowning time, the
staterooms,
the ballroom, the smoking lounges, all replicated with incredible
attention
to detail.The details surrounding the sinking were incredible as well. I believe
this
is the first motion picture to address the fact that the ship split in
half
as it sank, instead of going down whole. The entire sinking sequence is
incredibly chilling and you will not be able to turn your eyes away from
it.If you are one of the few that have not yet seen Titanic, watch it soon,
and
see if it doesn't amaze and move you.And by the way... if you find yourself in Orlando, FL, check out the
Titanic
exhibition. You won't be disappointed.
			

James Camerons' masterpiece "Titanic" is without a doubt one of the
greatest
movies of all time. It is the ultimate human story. Action, suspense,
romance, drama and historical accuracy.The characters of Jack and Rose break the social boundaries to be with one
another creating an emotional love story. By appreciating these two
characters, feeling their passion, love, and desire they create a gateway
for the audience to feel what it was really like to be on the Titanic. The
presence of historical characters such as Captain Smith, Mr Ismay, and
Thomas Andrews produce a greater sense of realism and allow us  appreciate
the true tragedy of what happened to the luxury liner.The film had incredible music creating a sense of awe and respect for the
great ship and all of its doomed passengers. The sound and ground-breaking
special effects brought the ship back to life. We see the contrast between
the huge pistons, the hundreds of stokers below, and the guts of of the
ship
with the beautiful, majestic swooping shots of the ship out at sea so we
appreciate it on a much higher level.The action was brilliant. As the ship keeps going down the action gets more
intense and more lethal. Obstacles keep coming up, harder and more
difficult
keeping us intensely involved. The passengers get desperate, trapped on
what
was once a beautiful ship, but now a crippled mass of metal pulling them
into the freezing ocean.The sinking of the Titanic was a great tragedy. This Film represents it
truthfully and emotionally. It is a classic and should never be forgotten.

			

Well, if you are reading this, HOW IS THE WEATHER ON MARS?  You see, in
the
early 20th century, there was this boat that sank...well you
know....
This movie is the #1 highest grossing movie of all time, as well it should
be!  I was going over some of the other reviews, and there were a lot of
you
who said this movie was very bad.  Well, I'll tell you what, give me your
address, and I will buy you the glasses you obviously need!  Watch it
again,
and you will clearly see the greatest love story of all time coupled with
some top notch special effects.
Casting Leonardo DiCaprio as Jack Dawson was a great idea, but when I
heard
that someone named Kate Winslet would be the love interest, I said "Who?"
Well, after seeing her in the movie she filled the role of an early 20th
century woman.
Great costumes added to the perfection of this movie!
			

It's a shame that this movie received as much backlash as it did.  This
movie showed exactly what type of effect a dedicated force can have for a
movie, and a dedicated force is exactly what James Cameron was with this
film.The acting was quite wonderful.  DiCaprio did a wonderful job as the
happy-go-lucky poor boy.  Winslet was wonderful as the rich girl trying to
find a way out.  Zane's acting was so perfect for the villian that I can't
stand to watch him in any other movie, not for his acting, but for how
brilliantly he played the evil rich snob who will use his power to get
whatever he wants.  Yet, all of these acting jobs were overshadowed by the
boat itself, as well as it's tremendous supporting cast.  The humanity that
the actors and actresses brought to each character was amazing.  I am still
brought to tears every time I watch the musicians playing on the deck of
the
sinking ship.Cameron literally brought the old oceanliner back to life.  The attention
to
detail of every part of Titanic was greater than in any other movie I have
ever watched.  The cinematography was outstanding.  The entire sinking of
the ship was brilliantly done, and completely hammers home the fact that so
many people died that didn't have to, simply from humanity's own
bullheadedness that we are invincible.A wonderful movie that people need to stand up and recognize as one of the
greatest movies of all time.
			

Titanic is an extremely well acted, well written movie.  All of the
characters are so believable that you might think that the love story of
Rose and Jack actually happened on the Titanic.  James Cameron's depiction
of the Titanic sinking was thoroughly researched so that he could come as
close as possible to recreating the actual event.  Kate Winslet and Leonardo
DiCaprio played the parts of Rose and Jack beautifully.  Kathy Bates was
extraordinary as Molly Brown.All of the detail that was taken to recreate Titanic is amazing.  The spiral
staircase was perfectly detailed.  The actors were in authentic 1912
costume.  The cutlery was stamped with the White Star Line logo.  The
carpets were even woven by the same company that wove the carpets for the
actual Titanic.The scenes of the sinking were superior to any of the other movies about the
Titanic.  There was more emphasis on what all of the people actually went
through to try to save themselves and their families.Titanic is a wonderful movie and I would recommend it to
anyone.
			

This may sound incredibly lame or sappy, but I had never seen a movie that
made me cry for a week afterwards until Titanic.  Now don't get me wrong;
I
am a very emotional person, and this story just hit me.  I believe that
was
James Cameron's intent when he wrote it.  He knew just what to write, and
when and how to write it.The movie had it's flaws, yes.  I incredibly disliked the story with older
Rose and believed that it would add to the suspense, surprise and story if
it had just started out back in 1912 and was just the disaster story, and
not the whole other story.  The old Rose part is pointless and just an
extra
half-hour to fast forward through.  Someone did make a good point in an
earlier comment also, about the fact that old Rose is narrating the story,
yet she manages to know all about other things that had nothing to do with
her or things that came as a surprise to her.However flawed the movie is, however, it makes up for it with it's effect.
Many people criticize the love story, but I believe that it was needed in
order for the viewer to actually *get* the movie.  By knowing the ship was
doomed, we knew the characters were doomed, and it forced the feeling of
wanting them to survive by any means.  Call me sensitive, but I felt for
Jack and Rose and pulled for them the entire time.Now, three years later, sometimes I will sit down to watch the epic (after
fast forwarding the first half-hour).  Some parts I now find cheesy or
boring, but it could be due to the fact that I've seen the movie so many
times.  I definitely believe the movie deserved the Oscars it won.  It may
be flawed or hated, but the Titanic phenomenon hit people like no other
movie has done before.  It was a gamble by Cameron, and it won.  Those who
truly appreciate it enjoy it, and those who can't see past Leo or computer
effects (and believe me, Star Wars has those effects, too) just aren't as
lucky as those of us who can and have and are able to truly enjoy the
movie.An epic of Titanic proportions, and worthy of my appreciation.
			

I was amazed to see that this majestic and wonderful masterpiece of a film
is not one of the IMDB top 250.I'm sure the last time I checked it that it
was.Could it be that a lot of "STAR WARS" fans out there begrudged the fact
that this towering production took far more at the world box office than
their silly space adventure(s) and deliberately gave it a low vote,some
comments suggest that this might be the case.It makes no
difference,"TITANIC" is superior in every way and deals with real human
emotions and the ability of the human spirit to prevail in the most trying
of circumstances.Those who scoff at the central love story are sad
individuals indeed and thankfully are not typical of the vast international
audience that loved this movie.By the way,when James Cameron won his Oscar
and claimed he was "king of the world" this was merely a joking reference to
Di Caprio's line in the movie and not a statement of megalomania as leading
British critic Barry Norman perceived it to be.That says more about
Mr.Norman than it does about Cameron and maybe the former,like many movie
critics should pay more attention to what they are paid to see;unless of
course they enjoy hurling unfounded cheapshots.
			

Only a film this popular could have a line divided so sharply between those
who love it and those who detest it. I tend to not only discuss a film's
technical and artistic merits but it's impact on society as well, and I
find
"Titanic" to be very rich grounds for both. I find it to be a beautiful
film
in nearly all directions, and though it has some flaws in it, it is for the
most part a thoroughly engrossing emotional goldmine of a story. Some find
this to be a negative mark.I however see James Cameron's film as perhaps one of the most honest epics
of its kind. The affect of the film is amazing in scale if you let it in.
Many, especially those who ignored it while it was in theaters and waited
for the video, tend to say how banal the dialogue is, how poorly written
the
script is, or that it's only reason for success was the millions of
Leo-fans
and FX gurus who lined the blocks to see it.My take on this latter hypothesis is that these people must have
sleep-walked through the six months the film was in the top 10, ignoring
the
fact that something extraordinary was happening in not only America but the
world as well: millions wanted to embrace something they felt true to their
hearts. Look in the history of box office hits and I can guarantee you'll
find a difficult time locating any film people went to see four or five
times because their favorite actor was in it, or they loved the special
effects and nothing else. And for the Leo-excuse: did anyone ever take into
account that no other film starring this magazine-seller even surpassed $60
million in domestic receipts (ten times LESS than "Titanic" made)? Johnny
Depp and Jonathan Taylor-Thomas are living proof that a handsome actor can
sell those teeny-bopper books but their battle to sell tickets is more
often
where they lose out.Yep, that 13 year old WORLDWIDE female economy is sure booming these days!
Granted, those girls made up for a reliable portion. But come on people,
$1.8 billion throughout the planet?!?!? That's a lot of dough! The reason a
film like this works well not just with teens but with senior citizens who
haven't been to the theater in fifteen years is because it resonates with
them in a deep, emotional way."Titanic" sets up a great historical tragedy with a traditional love story,
probably not all that different than something DeMille or Zanuck would've
cooked up in the 1930's. It is very easy to see "Titanic" as another
Zanuck/
Technicolor production, starring a teen Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh.
Someone told Shakespeare while he was writing "Romeo and Juliet" that a
teen
love story cannot be written because teenage love/ emotions is not real.
Shakespeare did not listen to this garbage, and neither did Cameron. We
should be glad that both of them kept their ears plugged.I won't even begin to go into all the reasons why this is a masterpiece. I
will go so far as to say that I am happy it did not start immediately with
the iceberg collision. The whole point of the love story which precedes it
is to make the disaster of the sinking all the more enormous when it hits,
because we care for the lovers Jack and Rose so much. Some say this is the
part of the film that suffers, that the set-up is not believable and
cliched. I think it works well beause DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are both
terrific actors, and while the dialogue is a couple of times hard to bare,
the structure of the story is so well filmed and paced that it is hard to
care. Some even argue that the love story is pathetic because you cannot
really fall in love with somebody over a period of a few days. This is
probably the worst reasoning I have heard. Anyone who doesn't believe in
this type of love just has not experienced it. It does exist though, and it
is a beautiful form of it because the developments of lack of trust were
not
the first things to enter the relationship. It's called wild romanticism,
not lust, and it is something we all need to feel at one time or another.I cannot convince why "Titanic" worked so well with so many millions of
people. I can only say for sure why it connected with me. It hit me in the
heart and while it felt good to feel for these lovers, it also felt
horrible
to see where it ended. It's terrible to see 1, 500 people lose their lives
on a cruise to New York, and it's more so when you learn of the extreme
dedication that was made to accurately portray the sinking. That is
something I find difficult not to connect with.
			

Titanic is absolutely the best film I've ever seen. It has great direction
(James Cameron is one of the very finest of his kind), a great script
(again, thanks to Jim), but there were a few flaws of course, although less
then in any other film I've seen. The acting is superb, from the main
characters to the smallest supporting roles. And thanks to James Horner's
music it's an even more wonderful experience. One of the best soundtracks
I've heard, among the one for Schindler's List and a few others. And
techically it was also a true masterpiece. THe effects are stunning, it
really deserved all the technical awards it received, and all other awards
too by the way. A great film with very few flaws. A 10 out of 10 from me,
actually.
			

There are some real hair brained idiots that have made postings on this site
trashing this movie for absolutely no good reason. To the person who thought
it was unrealistic,had lousy dialogue, said dolphins dont exist in that part
of the ocean, and that theres no way people can survive in that cold of
water for more than 3 minutes?? Are you a scientist? You know all of this
for a fact?? You mean to tell me that every single film that you have seen,
every single second,every frame has to be 100% realisitc or you give it a
good dissing?? It's obvious you have done no research on this tragedy before
you posted your careless remarks. First of all...according to the Dolphin
Research Institute, Dolphins DO exist in those waters. According to records
of the sinking, some survivors in the waters lived for up to 15 minutes
before freezing to death, not the 3 minutes you claim. And you actually
think the dialogue is worthy of a kindergarden movie?? Give me a break. You
can honestly say that the script didnt make you laugh or get a watery eye at
least once?? You ripped this movie to shreds for no good reason. You based
your opinions on nothing but untruths. The special effects in this film are
phenomenal and its obvious James Cameron did his homework before making this
film. The ship was reconstructed almost to a tee.  Perhaps you and wifey
should rent ISHTAR or Police Academy 5 ,,sounds like those movies are more
about your speed. Happy viewing! 
			

I only went because my wife wanted to see it.  However at the end I
clapped
and cheered with the rest of the audience.  It was a great movie, right up
there with Star Wars and Gone with the Wind.
			

The first sign of an Excellent movie is when over 2,000 people took time
out
of their day to give this movie 0/10.Winslett and DiCaprio put in some of the best performances witnessed on
TV,
with a fantastic soundtrack, directing and "story".A Perfect film, that will be treasured as one of (if not the best) film of
all time ! 10 / 10
			

I admit, I only wanted to see the ship when I first heard that this movie
was coming out. When I actually went and saw it, I was so impressed with
absolutely everything. I've been fascinated with the Titanic for years and
often wondered what it would have been like to be there. Not for the
sinking
but to be on the ship. This movie brought me as close to that feeling as I
think I'll ever get. Now I know what it would have been
like.I'm also impressed at the historical accuracy of the film. It's definitely
a
tribute to those who perished and the survivors.For anyone who is passing judgement on the film before they see it because
Leonardo DiCaprio is in it should get over it and see the film. If you
like
the Titanic, it's worth it.
			

This movie portrays how a society based on money = power really function in
sticky situation. It gives a fair picture of how unfair this system can
work. Along with being a realistic and believable movie, James Cameron
manages to hold the audience's attention by evolving the movie and the
historic happenings around the beautiful love story that occurs between Rose
and Jack. Although the ending might seem unfair (I think I cried my heart
out), the moral is that unless you are willing to let go of "the safe
solution" in life you will never be able to gain something better. She did.  A wonderful movie that will make you laugh, boil with anger, cry,
shake your head - you name it. It is absolutely a "must-see" movie, that surely will make you think.
10/10 stars! Enjoy!!! (make sure you are in a situation where you can cry,
and don't have to worry about your mascara running - that will just spoil
part of the joy of seeing it!)
			

I know everyone is sick of reading about how the simple plot is wonderful
and Kate and DiCaprio did a nice job with their roles.  Of course these are
all true. However, no one has ventured to ask why this movie is the greatest
of all time.  The key?  The haunting musical score of James Horner.  It
takes all the effects and images and gives them meaning and emotion.
Without his score (even John Williams probably could not have done it
better), the movie would have lost a serious amount of the magic it held for
me and the majority of the American public.  From the trademark flashback
scene in the beginning to the life boats at the end, Horner's music
captivated the emotions of the people and the tragedy of the shattering of a
supposedly "unsinkable era."  Consequently, DONT buy the video unless you
plan on buying a surround sound system.  You will not only be insulting
Horner's phenomenal score but you will lose a lot of the emotional drive the
film had in the theaters.
			

I'm not a person who is greatly interested in romance stories.  I tend to go
 for action-packed flicks, horror stories, mysteries, or good suspense
 thrillers.  Comedies are also favorites.  Titanic, however, shed new light
 on romance stories.  The people in Titanic were portrayed so realistically,
 unlike other movies.  In Titanic, you could actually feel what was going on
 inside the people's minds and hearts.  The special effects were among the
 best I've seen.  I've only seen it four times to date, and it's definitely
 worth another four.
			

those are the only words to describe this truly unforgettable film. i saw
 this film first back in December and have not forgotten it. masterfully
 directed, written, and the actors are near perfect. the combination of a
 compelling love story and the background of the titanic and her tragedy has
 made a masterpiece. thank you to Mr. Cameron for making such a wonderful
 film. i cannot wait to purchase it in September.
			

 I saw it 5 times & I loved it. It is not my favorite movie, neither is it
 the best ever made, but it is the one that has had the greatest affect on me
 (crying months after seeing it, just by listeneing to the music, looking at
 pics, etc). 
 
 Kate was so wonderful & so was Francis Fisher! People thought Leo was bad,
 he did his best that the role could allow. People also say that the script
 sucked. Well what could have been done to make it better--add more complex
 words?? And, if there were different actors, how could they make it better?
 Love is love. And True Love stories are corny, that's how it is.
 
  
 I've defended Titanic in most of the ways people have complained about it.
 I wanted to show the other side to the arrgument. So all you people who
 hated it, it's ok to says you didn't like it & why. Just don't say
 outragrous remarks like Leo Sux, & whoever liked Titanic is a moron. Thanx,
 bye!!
 
			

Easily the best film of the decade. Sure, the script might have been
 polished a bit more to make it less modern, but it was still very well
 done. The cinematography and the score are simply outstanding. A lot of
 people criticize Titanic because it didn't follow the real characters on
 the ship. Well, guess what. This was not meant to be a documentary. It was
 meant to be a fictional story set against the historically accurate
 background of the Titanic. Some people have tried to say that the movie was
 not accurate like Walter Lord's book. I have read the book, and Cameron
 must have memorized it to match the details so well. Besides, Lord wasn't
 even entirely accurate. His first book had the ship going down in one
 piece. Well, to all the critics of Titanic, I have this to say: If you want
 to go raise $200 million and make your own version of Titanic, you can do
 it however you want to. Cameron got the bucks for this, and it is his
 vision of the story. I happen to think it was money well spent. Wait and
 see, but I think Titanic will be viewed as one of the more important films
 in film history.
			

No matter what anyone says, I still feel that titanic is more than just a
 romance story. People tend to forget that everything portrayed in the movie 
(besides the love story), actually happened and that's what makes it a
 wonderful movie. I have seen it many times, and every time I see it, there
 seems to be something different, something I missed, something better.
 James Cameron put his heart and soul into making this movie, and the result
 is fabulous. The cast is great (no, not just Leonardo DiCaprio), but it
 also includes other great actors and actresses academy award winner Kathy
 Bates. The movie deserved to win best picture, as the story includes more
 than just the special effects. This three hour epic has continous action
 and never a dull moment that would guarantee to leave you crying or sitting
 at the edge of your seats. Not to mention the continous images of Leonardo
 DiCaprio for all those drooling fans out there...:)...Well done!!! A
 definite *****! 
			
I am loving it. This is really a greatest movie. This was the first
Hollywood movie I had seen. I am really a big fan of this movie. This
is an excellent movie. This is a fantastic movie. Everyone on this
earth must watch this movie. The story of the movie is marvelous. I
have watched this movie a number of times. I cry every time when I
watch Titanic. This is a cool movie. I want to watch this movie before
I die. I love this movie. This movie is considered one of the toppest
movie according to me. This movie is honestly one of the superb movie.
Everybody on this earth must watch this movie before they die. It must
be made the government rule.
			
well this movie blows everything literally out of the water basically
its 3hrs of epic partitions of James Cameron all time tearjerker that
surprised every one in the cinema that lasted 12months what a film
showing the heart of the ocean following the story of an old lady who
fell in love when young her heart was with jack and she never let go
even though she married some one else jack and rose were separated by a
social class she was caught in between but as faith would have it the
would meet for a brief but amazing romance only to be halted by ice
this tear jerker would have you crying from beginning to end its such a
a epic film ten out of ten great acting it deserved its 11 Oscars the
determination and courageous people who died in the titanic shows
through in making this movie and the actors in this film you can see
some of them wanted to help the people in the water but all were frozen
only few survived what a shock that titanic went down and celine dion
song made this film soundtrack amazing spectale
			
At the time, Titanic was the most expensive and highest-grossing movie
of all time. It was also the first movie since Ben-Hur in 1959 to win
11 Oscars, which is the most. Since then, Titanic has become one of the
most polar-opposing movies, as well as the second biggest as of now.
(Avatar in 2009 is to thank.) The lovers of this movie clearly
outnumber the haters because this movie has high ratings on every site.
Even so, I still think that it deserves to be ranked higher in every
site. Higher than Pulp Fiction or Vertigo? Maybe not, but you get my
point. There are flaws in this movie that keep it from being perfect. Number
one is the whole subplot with the diamond necklace. Old Rose (who tells
the story) still has the diamond and throws it in the ocean at the end
because she feels that's where it belongs. Why not give it to a museum?
Or feed a country? Then there is Jack and Rose's names being mentioned
countless times. Some more dialogue is pretty dumb and there are no
instances of any powerful dialogue. But considering how many upsides
this movie has, these flaws do almost nothing to effect the quality of
the film, because all the positives erase the negatives.The story of Titanic is pretty much Romeo and Juliet on a ship. Jack is
a poor, charming artist. Rose is rich and mistreated who gets saved by
Jack in every way. Romeo and Juliet is a story that many people find
stupid because two young teenagers fall in love, then kill themselves
after two days of knowing each other. Yes Jack and Rose fall in love
quickly, but there are no dumb suicides, so Jack and Rose are smarter
there. People also criticize Rose's character as being a rich, spoiled
girl who gets anything she wants. I for one, can relate to Rose's
character. She struggles to be perfect and is forced into and world
where wealth is number one and is being forced to marry an abusive man
who only want to marry her to inherit money. Nobody understands her.
She feels trapped. I can relate to Rose's feelings by her becoming what
she does not want. Then Jack comes along who finally understands her.
He gives her the courage to be what she wants. Jack is sensitive,
patient, and fun. Sounds gay? Leo DiCaprio is such a good actor that he
makes Jack seem real and cool. This is one of Leo's biggest powerhouse
performances that still shines. Maybe Jack and Rose fell in love
quickly, but if the ship did not sink, would they have gotten married
right away? No. Just date for a few months then break up. If Jack would
have lived, would they have gotten married? Maybe. Jack risked his life
for Rose, and they did all they could to survive. Since they were part
of such a huge impact on each other's lives, maybe they would marry.
Maybe not. Not just Jack and Rose, but everybody is developed so well,
you feel like you grew up with them. Very few movies feature character
development this deep. Then the ship hits the iceberg. Titanic movies
have been made that have all turned out well, but none have been
spectacular in the sinking portion. The danger is high, sets are great,
sympathy is drawn, etc. Then there is the score, which is so beautiful
and so sad. It adds so much to the littlest things.People, mainly men, that don't like this think that they're too cool
for it. Anybody that doesn't like this just fails at trying to be cool.
Too close-minded to see into and beyond a love-story and too
close-minded to see how good the song and score were. Maybe this is a
fake story, don't try to get all smart and say how the ship really did
sink. The acting is extremely strong, characters are developed so well,
the disaster scenes are played out excellently, the music is so
haunting. Haters should continue watching NASCAR and Delta Force 2. 10/10.
			
I've watched this movie over 20 times as far I can remember. Each and
every time I started to watch the movie I just feel the love between
Jack & Rose! Really how much romantic and lovely love story it is!
It'll always be in my heart. And will be the ocean of all the lover
people in the earth. I will surely give 100 Oscars if I can. The
director was great. The hero of this movie is my all time favorite. The
heroin is my dream queen. The whole cinematography was excellent. Want
to watch this movie again and again and again.This movie is an 8 at least, and one of the best movies of all time.
It's not in the IMDb top 250, which is quite sad. It has great acting,
great effects, and is really enjoyable to watch. Unfortunately, people
love to comment negatively about something good, because they are
unable to think for themselves and have a need to be accepted in their
'clique'. I love this movie, and am not afraid to admit it. 10/10100% original software and most of the UK people already using it!
http://tidyurl.com/BinaryMatrixProDownload
			
titanic , a film based on a true story , where the main plot is the
love affair between Jack Dawson and Rose DeWitt Bukater . The typical
case of two young people who fall in love but are of different social
classes and are fighting for their love. Jack won some tickets to
travel on the Titanic and it is there where he meets Rose and will live
the best experience of their lives , until the morning of April 1912
that the ship sinks when hit an iceberg. This tragedy became one of the
largest wrecks in history occurred in peacetime where many people ,
among them Jack who struggled to look after Rose, died. This story
shows us not only love at first sight, but do not always have money you
have everything , high society people lost their lives in " Titanic "
who was one of the best ships of the time. Certainly the history of
titanic shows us true love , but unfortunately did not last forever .
The story ends when Rose after many years has it happened that night .
"People are like iceberg , we only see a small part of what they are
actually" there was not money or technology that stop tragedy
			
Once in every decade since the inception of the motion picture camera,
comes a film that seems to transcend criticism and stands the test of
time as one of the all time greats. Such is the case with James
Cameron's magnum opus, Titanic. This epic recreation of the ocean
liner's ill-fated maiden voyage offers everything one can ask for, and
more. There is spectacle and dramatic images that sticks with viewers
for a very long time.The film begins as a frame story, with a 101 year old survivor, Rose
(played by Gloria Stuart), telling a team of treasure hunters and
scientists her experience on the Titanic. As a younger woman (now
played by Kate Winslet) Rose traveled in first class on the Titanic
with her materialistic mother and her haughty fiance Cal (played by
Billy Zane) Rose feels completely suffocated by the stiff and mind
numbing activities and chatter that comes with being rich, and wants to
break out and just do something exciting. Her life changes when she
meets third-class artist Jack Dawson (played by Leonardo DiCaprio) As
the two talk and hang out more and more, they begin to fall for one
another. Of course, her mother and fiance disapprove mainly because he
is poor. Everything comes to head when the ship hits an iceberg and
begins to sink to her inevitable doom. Some people have made the joke to death that this film is essentially
"Romeo and Juliet on the Titanic." I see this as only somewhat true, as
there are indeed similar elements, but the real story would detract
from a by-the-numbers correlation between the stories. Here the love
story really works on many levels. Rose and Jack do not fall in love at
first sight. When they start talking with one another, they see that
they do have much in common. It takes a few days but they decide that
they are best for each other and fall completely in love.Cameron has done something very special with all the characters
characters in this film. He has always been noted for putting
characters and interactions above the story, and so he does here too.
Jack, Rose, Cal, Ruth, and Lovejoy are all fictional characters of
course, but they all interact very convincingly with the real-life
characters. In this way, when the ship sinks, the audience has built up
and emotional connection to both fictional and real characters,
allowing for more heartbreaking truth when most of the characters die
or are in peril when the ship is sinking.The casting of this movie is phenomenal. I have to credit casting
director Mali Finn and Cameron for really finding great actors, and
some of the best character actors in the business. Leonardo DiCaprio
and Kate Winslet forever made a splash (no pun intended) as two of
Hollywood's best leading actors, and have so far proved that they are
two of the best.When production began on this film, Cameron knew partial sets and
models simply wouldn't do. So he and his crew went out and actually
built a huge version of the ship, carpets and all. He is a
perfectionist, therefore everything on the ship had to be artistically
and physically correct, to lend a greater sense of verisimilitude when
the audience viewed it in 1997. It looks simply breathtaking, and we
feel like we have been transported to the actual ship itself. As far as
we know, Cameron probably knows the Titanic than anyone, so when its
shown here in its glory, we believe it. Of course, Titanic is about the sinking of the "unsinkable" ship. The
final hour of the film is indeed the most gripping, as we see the ship
start slipping beneath the waves. Cameron uses his extensive knowledge
of special effects to very convincingly present the sinking in all of
its gruesome truth. Its very well paced, finely edited, and of course,
spectacular. And what makes it even more moving is we have gotten to
know the characters and therefore its very heartbreaking when most of
them die. The aftermath is of course, very tragic and cruel, because we
all know what happened. But when it came on screen, we were still
broken by it. When those who couldn't get into the lifeboat drown, we
wish in our hearts that they could have. There is more her that will
shock viewers, but I wouldn't dream in a million years of revealing the
ending of Jack and Rose's story arc.Just as I claimed for Steven Spielberg directing Schindler's List,
here, it initially seems like James Cameron is the wrong man for the
job at first glance. He is known for action films, no romances or
dramas. Yet somehow, this is the greatest film he has ever done. He
directs with a keen vision, and is quite unrelenting in getting his
vision across, hence why many people despise working with him. But his
passion and dedication to the project shines through all the way
through its three hour running time. Such dedication won the film
multiple Oscars (11 to be precise) Cameron himself took home 4 in one
night, cementing his status as one of the most successful filmmakers of
our generation.This is one of the best films to grace the cinema. The sheer might and
size of the picture doesn't dwarf the actors, who are given the chance
to breath and connect us to one of the most infamous tragedies in
history. A sharp criticism of man's hubris, and a stirring tribute to
those who lost their lives that night. Such is how I can describe
Titanic.
			
I am 24, I watched Titanic for the first time with my mother at the
tender age of 7 years old... no cause for alarm, we were taught to
close our eyes in age restricted scenes, which I did (technically).Titanic is the best movie that I have ever seen, I have probably seen
it about 500 times since it was first released and I aim to see it once
a year at least till I die. The glorious tale of tragic love upon the maiden voyage of a doomed
luxury liner. Every time I see Titanic, I see it in a new light, I
notice something different that I never noticed before and I cry all
over again.The beauty of a movie like this is that it has the ability to cripple
the strongest of men with emotion. Being a skeptic on love myself, I
have to say that I am slightly glad at Jack's demise not because he's a
bad character (in fact he's my favorite character) but because there is
some realism to that aspect of the story. Up until the doom of Titanic
sets in, it's all very Romeo and Juliet, the obsessed illusion of true
love after barely days of knowing each other, at least Rose is hesitant
of it at first, whereas Jack is smitten beyond comprehension... Alas,
their supposed true love does not overcome the wrath of a very angry
looking iceberg and of course Ismay's blatant challenge to God and all
elements of an unsinkable ship. That being said we all know the fate of
Titanic but this is not what makes this movie so wonderful... it is
actually the integration of all characters, both little and large,
whether it be the distraught Murdock, the grief stricken captain EJ or
the delightfully despicable Hockley... they all merge together in a
beautiful picture.. while the main characters and those closest to them
were made up and given a slightly mediocre presence, it all fits in so
well, tragedy, love, jealousy, arrogance, greed, honor, dedication and
lust all get together to dance upon the ship of dreams.Whether you're male or female I'm pretty sure the "I want you to draw
me like one of your french girls" scene was a tasty reminder at how
erotic cinema can be without actual sex. sensuality at it's tender best
but not my favorite scene in the movie... the most notable scene for me
in Titanic was when the poorer passengers accepted their fate of death,
the Irish mother and her kids, the old couple that embrace as water
floods around their bed... those were scenes dripping with emotion...
My favorite scene however, is when Rose joins Jack below decks to party
with the third class folk... just goes to show that money does not
make-th the man, a good heart does.The marvel of the ship in all it's grandeur made me realize that Mister
James Cameron is a visionary, the attention to detail of a simple thing
like cutlery was admirable. Shining performances did not come from
Dicaprio and Winslet as some foolish viewers believe the shining
performers were Kathy Bates, Billy Zane,Frances Fisher and Gloria
Stuart.I can go on about what a brilliant movie this is but I should not.End note, excellent movie that every person should see at least once
before they die.
			
A timeless classic, Titanic combines a moving story, an excellent cast
and a beautiful screenplay, set against the greatest shipwreck in the
world. Two young people from opposite ends of the social spectrum fall
in love aboard the 'unsinkable' Titanic. Rose DeWitt Bukater (Kate
Winslet), a lovely and spirited 17-year-old aristocrat, is forced into
an engagement with the haughty and controlling Cal Hockley, heir to
steel millions, so as to rescue her family's fortunes. Feeling trapped,
she decides to jump into the ocean but is stopped by Jack Dawson
(Leonardo DiCaprio). Although poor, Jack is enterprising and courageous
and full of fun, and the two quickly fall in love. But Cal will not let
things rest, and pursues them doggedly even as the ship is sinking. I like how the movie began in the future, with 102-year-old Rose
telling her story to the salvage crew hunting for the famed blue
diamond, the Heart of the Ocean. As alluring as treasure is, the
listeners are soon captivated by one of the most beautiful love stories
ever told. There were so many memorable moments and scenes, from the
first half-teasing, half-serious encounter to Jack's parting words to
Rose. Everybody should watch this!
			
This movie is my favorite movie of all time I can watch this movie over
and over and over again it is that good. I doesn't even matter if I
know what is gonna happen I love it anyways. I love the romance story
behind it, it's so romantic. I want a man like Jack who will do
anything to make sure I am OK with someone else or with him. If my
boyfriend doesn't love this move I would be ready to kick his butt.
Every guy can learn from this movie about what a girl really wants even
if she says she doesn't want it. Every girl wants a guy they can tell
everything to and not have to worry that he will tell anyone. Every
girl wants a guy who can be himself in the weirdest situations. Ever
girl wants to know that her boyfriend would give up his life for her no
matter what happens. I hope every guy will give his future girlfriend
or his girlfriend now all the respect she deserves. Cause every girl
deserves a guy she can trust like a brother or a best guy friend cause
they can have fun times in with all the bad times like I want to have a
boyfriend like Jack he died to make sure Rose stayed alive and lived to
go on he didn't even really try saving himself from the ice cold water.
I love Jack and Rose if only they were able to live on together would
be so much better
			
This movie is one of those movies that when you look at it do not you
forget it and will always remember him as one of the best movie you've
ever seen the film as everyone knows speaks of the sinking of the
Titanic, but James Cameron tries to make the lighter moment by telling
the love story between Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), an artist who lodges
in the third class, and Rose (Kate Winslet), a seventeen year old girl
from middle class family with a mother who has already planned a life
and his wealthy fianc Caledon "Cal" Hackley (Billy Zane). This film
I've seen it many times and every time I feel an incredible feeling, it
is precisely for this reason that Titanic is a masterpiece, because as
many films do not ever get tired of seeing him always and every time
you feel the same emotion as if it were the first time personally I can
not even find a flaw in the film, I think the points that make a moving
film Titanic and that leaves its mark are: the soundtrack by James
Horner, the song My Heart Will Go On Celine Dion, dazzling special
effects , photography Russell Carpenter and incredible interpretation
of Kate Winslet. Unfortunately, the Cinema today has had many changes
compared to what it once was, most of the movies they make today are
trash films, Cinema today's needs instead of movies like Titanic, one
of a kind and that will leave a mark in the heart and mind. Winner of
11 Academy Awards in 1998 (all deserved): Best Picture, Best Director,
Best Cinematography, Best Production Design, Best Special Effects, Best
Original Score, Best Song, Best Editing, Best Sound, Best Sound Editing
and Best Costume Design, I conclude saying that Titanic is a
masterpiece and is one of the best films ever made.
			
When James Cameron staple, Bill Paxton, uttered the words: "Are you
ready to go back to Titanic?" I hadn't actually been sure as of late.
For, I've seen it three times in the theatres back in 97/98 and maybe
once more on VHS a year or two later. I've had the score and "song"
memorized since and, of course, I knew the outcome.Well, when the movie opened, I felt more than ready. Gone were the
thoughts: "Be prepared, this is three plus hours" and I was once again
mesmerized from minute one all the way until minute 194. This
near-masterpiece made me miss how movies are supposed to made: with
heart and talent. And that year, plenty were: some of other best
picture nominations, L.A. Confidential, Good Will Hunting, and As Good
as it Gets, were also utterly fantastic. Sadly, since 1997, we're lucky
to have ONE made with such heart and incredible talent per year.By now, everyone knows the story and has since copied it multiple
times. Let me make this clear: VERY few have made one with such a great
script with believable dialogue, excellent actors and above all-else,
chemistry. Kate and Leo had it in spades. From the second Jack
(Leonardo DiCaprio) looked up when new-friend, Tommy (Jason Barry) was
talking to him, and saw Rose (Kate Winslet,) I KNEW they captured true
love.Since this movie arrived 15 years ago, I've been a pretty good fan of
Kate, but not so much Leo. He suffers from Denzelitis whereas almost
every role he performs, he's not trying to act; he's JUST trying to win
an Oscar. This annoying habit leads to way too much over-acting and an
abundance of screaming. (SEE: practically any Leo or Denzel Washington
role since 1997.)But...Leo pulled it off here. Truly, he showed such a deep affection,
love and purity towards his costar that I believed every word, every
action and that Rose's heart will go on. He did it so well, with each
viewing, I always envisioned her life, the rest of it from the Titanic
sinking until her death with him in her heart.These two, Rose and Jack amongst a few other decent characters, namely
the fantastic Kathy Bates as The Unsinkable Molly Brown, were so good
and deep that I never mind that it's about an hour and a half or more
before the "special effects" kick in. I.E. The ship sinks. (Oops,
sorry, spoiler.)That's the genius of James Cameron. His heart and soul was in this
project. He nearly bankrupted the studio and himself and practically
gave himself a bad name prior to opening  which was rescheduled more
than once. He didn't just make an hour and half retelling of a sinking
ship, even though he had the technology. And he didn't just put two
romantic leads together; he made sure that the fictional love backdrop
was as real as the amazing sinkage.To give an example of an "epic" retelling following Titanic that did
not have the qualities needed to further an "opening buildup" of a
romance is Peter Jackson's King Kong. It was flat, boring and
unconvincing. He sure had the talent  Kong looked real, but sadly that
CGI character held the most depth in the movie.Beyond the romance  that, yes, made me tear again after all these
years/viewings and only because I believed the true love before me, was
the ultimate score, one of the best songs, movie hit or not, excellent
dialogue spoken  mostly by Leo and Molly Brown, great special effects
and breathtaking cinematography. I had to see this on the big screen
again, although I would've MOST preferred to have the option of 2-D.I would love to see a new movie of such deep quality and soul like this
spend a deserved 15-weeks at number one at the box office that I would
strongly stand behind. Recently, The Hunger Games did a decent four
weeks at number one, and the highly inferior to both movies, Avatar,
did seven. But both were just simple blockbusters. Not heart-felt
movies. Not movies I would rate 5/5 stars  my highest honor of
reviews.Sadly, James Cameron's follow-up, the Space Gully with Wolves film,
Avatar, brought down Titanic's mind-blowing record box-office receipts.
Oh, how I wished with the 2012 re-release with the "ho-hum" 3-D format
would've have reclaimed the top spot. But it isn't to happen. And
that's okay. It's still a great movie, still holds up today, still
makes me laugh and cry and still makes me feel love all over again for
movie making. If you are one of the six people in the world that hasn't
seen it, SEE TITANIC.Side Note: Way back in the day, when internet was really just kick
starting and we had things like "I.M.'ing" each other, I was involved
in a long-distance relationship and I actually typed out Cline Dion's
song, My Heart Will Go On to my partner that thoroughly made him blush.Side Note II: As stated, I watched this three times in the theatre
following its initial release. On the last turn, I was on a first date
with a guy  against all warnings from my friends to make Titanic a
"first date" movie. Well, it did turn out to be the first and last
date. This was his first viewing of Titanic and still, he fell asleep
around hour one and awoke right before (spoiler!) Jack dies. I know my
date was awoken because his snores stopped and he instantly began
weeping. Frustrated, I said in a normal voice, despite being in the
theatre, "What do you have to be crying about? You don't even know
these characters!" Yep, that was the last I saw of him.
			
James Cameron's timeless tale of forbidden love and the tragic sinking
of the colossal Titanic is a beloved classic in its own right. The
story this movie tells always tugs at my heart each time I see it. The
emphasis of the terrible fate of the Titanic is heightened by the
tragic love story that backs up the short time-line of the glorious
ship as it heads towards its fate. The cast is fabulous, magnificent
and really breathes life into their characters to make them realistic.
Leonardo DiCaprio as the care- free, young and handsome Jack Dawson is
the embodiment of who we all wish to be like in life whereas Kate
Winslet's Rose DeWitt Bukater embodies where we lie in life if we don't
attempt to break free and try and live a new life or experience a
different world. The beauty of how real the film is adds to the majesty
of the film's grandeur to the details of the ship the crew built and
the characters that died or survived the disaster inhabit the
structure. Anyone who loves an epic should check out this fantastic
tale of love, tragedy and survival.
			
I couldn't take my eyes off this movie once I started to watch. It was
the most well thought out,original one of a kind masterpiece i have
ever laid eyes on. Just thinking about it could make me cry. Even if
you haven't seen the movie in full, almost no one hasn't heard one
reference in a show movie.. etc etc. There is just no way to avoid it !
This was the most expensive film made at the time, and it was money
well spent.Now it is on the top 5 grossing movie of all time list.
Director James Cameron is as good as they come, and will be remembered
100 years from now as the director of "Titanic". Kate Winslet is the
perfect actress for this role and has the old rich charm that upper
class people had back then. Leonardo DiCaprio became my crush of the
century !! He is so caring and sweet and beautiful!! Go watch this
movie!Note: To people who say its cheesy your missing out!
			
It must be the most beautiful movie I have ever seen in my life and
ever will see. Correction it IS the best movie anyone will ever see.
The music combined with the amazing acting and the plot combine into
the most beautiful, romantic story in the history of film-making. It is
my favorite movie of all time, and if you're a guy and you're not into
romance, you'll still most probably love this one. It is just so
beautiful. It came out the year I was born and I thank God and James
Cameron for making such an amazing story. It makes me cry every time I
see it or even hear the soundtracks. Basically it makes me cry whenever
I think about it. It is a must-see! The most extraordinary, romantic,
heartbreaking story ever.
			
Me and My Mom went see Titanic 3D yesterday 3D effects Are Excellent
storying is Excellent true love meaning ! change part rose is looking
at stars Different and movie is really long but think great Family
movie i would totally take kids see this movie if have not see it
before there is some violence not as bad Some other PG 13 movies
overall think Tintanic is Better than ever ! also get your money Worth
ticket price and Get free Collectible keepsake titanic glasses and free
poster say if you have see titanic before this is Worth See it Again in
3D would recommend Take Your kids see if have not see it before ! is
part rose is see Nudity but is not Graphic at all ! i say Must See
Movie the movie starts out with titanic ship underwater old lady hears
group of men finding nudity girl rose picture underwater for over 100
years go tell her story of rose who meets guy jack dawson rest of
movies is about story is Excellent true love ending is very sad when
jack dawson dies but think it great Story Parents Take kids have not
see it yet is part rose is nudity she wants jack draw picture of her
like his other Draws but not at Graphic is only sex scene see other
don't see much is not Graphic at all let young kids know ending is very
sad motion worth see titanic on big Screen Again 3D is Epic !
			
Since Titanic's release in 1997, people have begun to criticize the
film rather than congratulate Cameron on the difficulty of his
creation. I am an 18-year-old male who usually despises romantic love
stories. Regardless of this in my eyes the chemistry between Rose and
Jack, respectable acting and a surprisingly convincing and moving
storyline is unprecedented in film history. I critique movies all the
time although sometimes the public and critics must look past
technological superiority and complex story lines to enjoy the
simplicity, emotionally affecting and timeless storyline of a film like
Titanic. So please don't notice the glitches and problems with
Cameron's filmmaking that people so often point out because it was over
10 years ago, a fantastic watch and the highest grossing film for a
reason!!!
			
James Cameron is just god in film making..what a piece of direction he
delivered..everything about the movie is perfect..the visual effects
are so real and stunning..the background scores are just form out of
the world..everybody including Leo and Kate in the film acted so
beautifully that it made me feel they were not acting...i was blown
away by the ship..also of course by the amount of emotions the movie
emitted...every time i see it,i became mesmerized ...can't count how
many times i have seen it..and i don't wanna...i think it not as a
movie..its how to think of life..how should take your life..and how to
live your life..i wonder why it isn't in the top 250..Mr. James Cameron
should be nominated for "THE NOBEL" for defining the word " creation"
once more...don't laugh...i am damn serious.. go for it...its the best
movie ever made.INFINITY on 10!
			
When you first hear about Titanic you immediately think you know whats
going to happen (if haven't seen the movie yet you will) you'll think a
sinking ship, a quick romance blooms, and a tragic story, well your
right. But something about this is different from what you would
usually see in a movie with this story.Just about everything in this movie is beautiful including the story,
the music, even the tragic ending. When I first heard of Titanic I
didn't really care for it at the time. When I was wondering how could
this be the first movie to reach a billion dollars and stay the highest
grossing movie of all time I decided to watch it and see why other
people love it so much. And now I'm one of those people. For those of
you that haven't seen Titanic it is a must-see film. Leonardo DiCaprio
and Kate Winslet make the perfect on screen couple in Titanic.This is a movie about two different class people that fall in love with
each other and they are shunned for it. Rose (Kate Winslet) is a upper
class woman being forced to marry a man she doesn't love while Jack
(Leonardo DiCaprio) is a poor artist who makes a break getting to go to
America again on Titanic. Simple really what happens next he saves her
life they fall in love and something tragic happens the end. But how it
comes about is really amazing the special effects and the script make
such a simple story amazing.This is probably one of the most amazing, beautiful, and purely
spectacular films of the 1990's. A must-see for all movie goers.
			
I've never fully understood the backlash this film received a while
after it was released, and never fully understood the 7.3 rating on
IMDb. I genuinely believe this is one of the finest films of all time.
I don't believe any film has ever connected with an audience in such an
emotional way before.From the very beginning when Brock Lovetts ship searches through the
rubble of the titanic on the sea bed for the heart of the ocean, we are
hooked. All the events that lead up to the tragic scene at the end,
just build the emotional scale to devastating proportions. The set is
incredible, and the special effects are awesome, its very rare that a
film so epic can be so personal and poignant(lord of the rings being
one of the few others).But i believe a film has to be that long to connect with an audience in
such a way, through the out whole film Cameron and the cast build you
up to the heartbreaking scenes at the end, which could never have been
achieved to the same effect in a 2 hour film.I implore you to see this film, or give it another chance if your one
of the people who jumped on the anti-titanic band waggon.
			
I've seen a lot of films, yet this is one of the few that has beauty
which isn't just mastered in the cinematography. It's a film which will
not only strike you in the tear-ducts, but in heart as well. It gets a
lot of criticism for reasons I can't seem to find cogent, maybe it's
because certain users favourite movies haven't made as much as this at
the box office? I don't know. But either way, does an over-hyped film
that didn't live up to it's expectations make it horrible? Absolutely
not. And just because you don't like the artist, it doesn't mean you
can't appreciate the work. The film isn't supposed to be based upon
facts, the Titanic was the foundation used to build one of the greatest
love stories in film history. It'll make you laugh, it'll make you cry,
and most of all, it will leave a lasting finish on you, whether it's a
good finish, or a bad one; the music, the emotion, everything about
this film will make you want to grab the person next to you and tell
them you love them. A powerful movie that strikes you deep within the
ocean of our hearts.
			
For me personally this film goes down in my top four of all time. No
exceptions. James Cameron has proved himself time and time again that
he is a master storyteller. Through films such as Aliens, The Abyss and
both Terminators it is clear that he was a brilliant and confidant
director as far as action and science-fiction goes. He sees a story and
adds a strange quality to the film. But Titanic is so much different to
his other strokes of brilliance. The film is exceptionally moving and
allows room for surprises, plot development and interesting character
developments in a story that everyone knows. The story of the famed
voyager sinking on her maiden voyage is legend so the challenge was for
Cameron to make a truthful, interesting and entertaining film about it.
The acting is wonderful as Leonardo DiCaprio who plays Jack and Kate
Winslet who plays Rose became superstars overnight with the release of
this film and in most films I get annoyed when the supporting
characters aren't given a lot to do but in this film it is more
purposeful because as an elderly Rose (Gloria Stuart) tells her story
it is quickly apparent that it is Rose's and Jack's story alone, no one
else. Emotionally it is entirely satisfying and can leave no dry eye in
a theater or home. The music has become iconic and legendary. It is
composer James Horner's finest soundtrack ever and evokes so much from
the film and the audience. The song after so long has become annoying
but I still appreciate it for the phenomenon it is and this film is.
Only one problem, the usual James Cameron problem, is the dialogue
which is memorable but in a bad way as in how cheesy it is at points
but all that aside. James Cameron has delivered a masterpiece and a
romantic epic that sweeps you away on a journey of a lifetime. My heart
won't go on from this one.
			
Titanic is a classic. I was really surprised that this movie didn't
have a solid ten, overall in the IMDb user rankings. Maybe, it's just
cool to not give Titanic credit nowadays, but when it was first made it
was really something. When the movie came out people flocked to the
theaters. When it came out on video my sister and i would watch it
twice a day for a month. It was safe to say we were obsessed and for
good reason. Some of the disaster scenes were hard to forgot, like the
frozen baby, or the guy who committed suicide after killing someone in
the unruly crowd. Many people died on that ship, and to convey that on
film with the immediacy and emotion it needed is a hard challenge that
James Cameron stepped up to. And let's not forget the amazing romance
between Jack and Rose. Whether or not their relationship was a figment
of someone's imagination it was lovely. They barely knew each other,
but they would die for each other. They trusted each other. They sure
as hell are giving Romeo and Juliet a run for their money. "I'll never
let go, Jack." Titanic is a great film down to it's very core. It is a
powerful story told through brilliant acting, excellent cinematography,
beautiful music, and a crew full of hard and dedicated workers. It
really blows my mind when someone says they hate this movie.
			
This movie conveys that the inequality and unfair treatment between the
elite and proletariat must be corrected. The differences between the
classes provide value to decisions in the span of human life. The
passengers of the Titanic had their destinies decided through classes.
The sinking of Titanic, which combined the destiny of survivors with
the deceased, proves resolutely that 'class' is indeed, 'life chance'.
Conclusively, the movie Titanic exposed the fact that social
stratification, not seaworthiness, decided the fate of many of
Titanic's victims on its maiden voyage from England to New York on
April 15th, 1912. In conclusion, the scenes of the Titanic prove that "history is based
on unending class conflict." The 700 first-class passengers, as the
'chosen people' on lifeboats, see the final moments of the Titanic and
the other 1500 people, which descend into the North Atlantic Ocean, as
despairing third-class passengers. The sinking resulted primarily in
the death of women, consisting of 45% in the third-class, 16% in the
second-class, with only 3% in the first-class.
			
Titanic was an amazing movie and although it was extremely long, it is
definitely worth watching. Titanic is a very well written movie based
on a true story. It is about a ship that sunk in the middle of the
ocean, and barely anybody survived. It is a love story between two
people, that ended sad. But the movie made you cry, laugh, smile. It
had comedy, drama, love, and any other drama you could think of, it was
amazing. I could watch this movie everyday because it never gets old. I
think it is good for all ages, and at some point in all your lives, you
should watch it. I didn't watch it until this year, and i don't know
how i lived without seeing it. I would recommend this movie to anyone
looking for a romantic love story.
			
This is the best movie ever. The only movie that equals it is Back to
the Future. All others fall flat compared to this flat. It should at
least be somewhere on the top 250. But it's not. What's wrong with you
people?! The only low part of the movie is the "I'm Flying" scene. I
mean that scene was utterly pointless. Every thing else was great. The
best scene was the dock scene at South Hampton. That just shows that
James Cameron is great at over the top set designs. The whole pretty
much proves that but that scene emphasizes it. Another great part of it
is the uniqueness of it compared to other Cameron films. His other
movies are just run-of-the-mill action movies (okay T.2 and Aliens were
much better then his others but his other movies are cursed by this).
Lets just hope Avatar can match up to this masterpiece.
			
I have probably seen this movie so many times now, but it is still
emotional to watch. It was pure genius to entwine history's most well
known ship-sinking with a raw love story. Despite knowing it isn't
completely true, you cannot help but think that it could've been one of
many catastrophic stories within a catastrophic disaster. I believe the
mere plot line kept faults in acting skills, etc so implicit that it is
very hard to pick out any sort of fault. Acting skills overall were
exceptional and cinematography leaves you awe-struck.This combination has only made this film what it is today - top of the
all time box-office around the globe, and it deserves it: a perfect
masterpiece.
			
I loved this movie. It has everything -- romance, tragedy, comedy, suspense, action,
adventure, acute social commentary -- and is extremely well crafted.Many movies try to do everything and fail. This movie tries to do
everything and succeeds beautifully. Better than that, it is greater
than the sum of its remarkable parts. And it is hard to get better than
that.Those who are -- with I admit a lot of justification -- cynical about
big Hollywood productions might not ever accept what I am saying. But being closed-minded is not the same as being clever. Not every
low-budget "art" or independent film is great; neither is every
big-budget production from Hollywood bad. "Titanic" not only isn't bad, I am confident that it will go down in
history as one of the greatest movies ever made.Let's begin with Leonardo DiCaprio. He is in a class by himself as an
extraordinarily good looking young man who is not just a pretty boy,
but who can really act. He was riveting in "The Basketball Diaries." He
is no less outstanding in "Titanic." I have never seen an actor showing
such range -- from drug addicted athlete to romantic lead -- in such a
short period of time. Clearly, the only thing that can hold DiCaprio
back is a bad script. This leads me to my next key point: "Titanic" is very well written.
There is not a single false note in the writing, and the plotting is
very tight with no holes that I can see. It all fits neatly and
plausibly together -- which is rare both in novels and in movies.I could go on, praising the other actors, the direction, the special
effects, etc., but I think I've made my overall point. This is not just some over-blown pseudo-romance featuring depth-less
and soul-less "beautiful people." It makes me proud that Americans can still create great art -- even in
Hollywood.
			
Caspita not even know how to attack this masterpiece of film. A paltry
7.1 to a masterpiece of its kind, is a real offense to cinema. This
film deserves a full 10! For you more a film is dated the most
affected, which is why I do not take into account the music and film
reviews that are available on the Web. Now it also attacks the romantic
film, who has never had a woman, it is clear that attacks this film. It
'definitely one of the most beautiful films ever shot, a dream from
start to finish. I see Leonardo DI Caprio a great actor, very
expressive and convincing. This film has moved many people and distance
of many years if the rived still leaves me upset and sad. It
'definitely a masterpiece of cinema, there's nothing to do. The
reconstruction of the Titanic is perfect, the characters are in full
captains and real characters that were real Titanic. Usually
sentimental films, have a great success: Ghost, Topgun, Gone with the
wind, are all films with great success. useless this wonderful film
will remain so forever.
			
This movie is definitely one of my all time favorites, i saw it in the
theater when i was young and didn't really appreciate it then, I do
now! Its simply stunning, some of the best costumes, sets and special
effects i have ever seen, especially the final horrific demise of the
luxury liner.From the moment the passengers board the ship, to the first moment when
Jack and Rose meet as he tries to keep her from committing suicide, I
am entranced. Its stupid, but every time i pray the ship dosen't sink.
From then on it's very emotional and I cry every time Jack dies, and of
course the unforgettable moment when Rose returns "the heart of the
ocean" to the sea.Spectacular, i highly recommend it.
			
I love this movie,because every time i see this movie i enjoyed it.
another reason,i love this director.I think he's the best director in
the world.I have all of his films,and i waiting for his new
film:Avator. the music of this movie is great by:James Horner,i listen
to this music everyday performance by:Celine Dion. the actors act very
beauty everything in this is great so they made the biggest movie i've
seen. the first time who i saw this film i cried,this movie is very
romantic. I lie romantic movie like:Dr.Zhivago,autumn in new york,the
English patient.I love the scene who jack(Leo De Caprio) say:i'm the
king of the world.I don't have any says,this movie won 11 Oscar
including best picture and this is a good reason for my comment,i think
this way.
			
Upon pure ocean waters, a ship of dreams set sail, Unsinkable the
titanic soared gently across the sea, Unknown to all surroundings, this
pearl ship was frail, A glistening beauty underneath heavens lusting
sky, While straying gently into the darkened night of destruction.Elaborate stars shined romantically over the vessel, As night was
brought upon, and destiny awaited, Heavens gates slowly opened up, as
god stated, "Follow the golden stairway", and silently he waited While
heavens angels where brought to him above.Hitting a deathly iceberg titanic slowly began to sink, Leaving many
souls trapped upon the beautiful ship, As silently with no one around
this boat went down, And with an oceans wave, gods angels began to
drown, As they gave there hearts to the weeping ocean.The lost souls of titanic now travel upon the ship, Still seeking
misery for the death of there hearts, Floating within the waters
accepting there fate, While many still live on with there soul mate As
they dance as souls across the ballroom floor.
			
OK so I've seen this movie like a million times but i still love it. It
is one of my favorite movies! I love Leonardo DiCaprio!!!!!!!!!!!!! I
am obsessed!!!!!!! Well any way I really like this movie. I like how
everything is so real. I find it amazing that they filmed this movie in
a large pool and that some of the life boats and props were made by the
manufactures that made the real ones for the actual Titanic. If you
haven't seen this movie then you definitely should especially if you
like Leo like i do. This movie won 11 Oscars! Movie Summary- This is a
fantastic movie about two lovers on the unsinkable ship the S.S.
Titanic. Jack Dawson and Rose DeWitt Bukater are the main characters.
Jack is a poor third class passenger and Rose is a rich first class
passenger. Rose is engaged to a mean rich man named Cal. Rose and Jack
meet and fall in love in less than a day. They spend time together and
fall more in love. Rose tries to break away from this intense feeling
but cannot because her feelings for Jack are too strong. Everything is
going almost perfect until the ship begins to sink. The two lovers have
an amazing and suspenseful adventure but to find out the end of this
amazing tale watch Titanic! Trust me you will love it if you don't then
don't take my advice ever again. But u most likely will love it!
			
Titanic is my best film of all time.The story is very very good effect is very very good too.I love Kate and Leo they act very well, and the story made me and my
family included my friends cried. I proudly present this movie too
anyone who haven't seen before , so why someone hate Titanic.You see , 80 percent of IMDb users love this film , but why a little
group of someone hate this film.I think Titanic is very good , how could it disappointed ? how ? I
don't metion it but I really love Titanic , I can't explain anymore.I give 10/10.---- Love Titanic but HATE 'My Heart Will go on' song. ----
			
I don't think I have ever come across someone that hasn't seen this
movie. Whether you loved it or hated it you at least saw it. The amount
of money this movie made speaks for just how good it was. People say
this movie is overrated, but I don't think so. I think this movie is
the perfect example of everything a movie should have: romance, drama,
history, tragedy, and amazing effects.The directing was great! I really began to feel like I was a part of
this movie. The acting was great. I really bought Kate's performance in
being a "poor little rich girl" and Leonardo's performance in being the
"poor free spirit", everyone did a good job. I love movies about things
that have happened in the past and out of all the movies I've seen I
believe this movie was the most accurate account of what occurred on
the Titanic (except with the whole love thing).The plot line is great. It was a great idea to put the romance in
because that drew in women, the history drew in older people, and the
effects drew in the guys. To me, I think everything was great. This
movie had so much feeling and if you didn't cry at least a little at
the end, you must have no heart. And if you haven't seen this movie,
you are defiantly missing out.
			
This film is about Rose DeWitt Bukater, a rich girl, and Jack Dawson, a
poor boy who both fall in love on the ship, Titanic, in which it sank
in 1912.This is a very wonderful film with great romance and peril. The special
effects are terrific in the film. It's top notch with the action scenes
and keeps the suspense going on the film. Well, that's the second half
of the film.The first half is a great romance. We see Rose when she old (obviously,
she survived) and she's telling the tale to ones who want to seek
treasure in the ship. They don't believe her but as she tells the
story, they do.I wasn't some of the millions who have seen this movie in the theater
because I was practically five and there was no way that I would
recognize this film. Now that I've finally seen the whole film, I've
always seen the ending but never the whole movie, I loved it. I thought
the first hour was going to be a waste because I don't imagine a film
going 3 hours long unless the sinking occurs in the end but it occurred
in the second half of the film.The acting by Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are great. they have
great chemistry in the film and others like Billy Zane and Kathy Bates
are good too.This is one of the best films ever. It has great action scenes and is a
great tale of romance and should be seen by people who likes watching
movies.
			
I love that movie i own the 3-disc special collectors edition and the
original 1 disc. It is the best movie ever. I also have become
interested in titanic and do research on the ship and anything i can
find about Titanic i buy. I would like it if they made a sequel of the
movie or make another one in the year 2008 or 2012. So it will be
exactly 100yrs. since titanic sank. i would really like it if they used
more exact details or try to find all the information and go from that.
Or just rebuild titanic all over again. that would be very awesome to
be able to see her again and try riding on her. this is why i like this
movie and what else could be done in the future.
			
James Cameron crafted a masterpiece with his Titanic. Surely to become
a classic in the same class as Gone With The Wind, the Titanic has
something for everyone. The movie is filmed on a colossal scale and the
special effects are stupendous and very believable. This 'romantic'
documentary of the Titanic tragedy underscores humankind's
vulnerability to nature, even in the light of new technology. The
Titanic and its sister ships were the latest technology of the times
but were no match for the unforgiving forces of the sea and the subtle
shortcomings of men. The touching intertwined story of Rose and Jack
further add to the meaningfulness of the overall movie. The
performances of Kate, Leonardo, and Billy are top notch. Be prepared to
want to see this one over and over again. You'll notice new details
each time! Congratulations to the cast and crew of Titanic!
			
Why Titanic isn't on the Top 250, I just don't know. It is, by far, the
most successful film of all time, and deservedly so. Nobody could have
captured with such emotion and scope the depiction of what happened in
the Atlantic 95 years ago except James Cameron. Terminator 3 and this
had the same budget - Terminator 3 was good, but this film blew me
away. It truly raises the bar for film-making and success in the film
industry. It has been a couple of years since I last saw this film, and
my memory starts to fail me. But you just can't forget some of the
special effects on this film and how they changed the world of films.
Monumental images that stick in your mind forever are created with
grand scale to breathtaking effect, and the film stays emotional
throughout its three hours - so you always care. This film was made to
win Oscars, and win Oscars it did. Though Lord of the Rings: Return of
the King managed to win all of its nominations (Titanic did have 14
nominations and won 11), box office grosses and general audience
feelings will always precede Titanic as the better film. Truly a
Titanic achievement... 10/10
			
I was looking for the movie on my local library site and at two of the
three locations, it had been taken out on video and DVD.This goes to
prove people still love it. I have the DVD (3 disc) (I didn't even know
there was a four disc one!), but was looking for books on the site.
This amazes me, because that is proof that it is one of the best movies
they have made. I don't think i saw it until last summer @ my friends
house. Then we both went to visit someone who said we were gonna watch
it every day.At first I was like, Oh i don't want to, but after we
watched it there, it was like I needed to watch it. during X-mas break
i watched it 11 times out of 14 days. Now I watch it every Sunday
because it sank on a Sunday.It is one of the best movies you will ever
see. Kate and Leo were great, the music was spectacular, James Cameron
captured the true reality of the sinking,and the visual effects were
also great.I love Titanic! You have to watch it
			
please could u help me with a titanic music i looked all over for it
and i can't find it . In the movie titanic ,when the ship is sinking ,
there's this bunch of musicians playing , but then they bid each other
farewell and one remains then that one starts to play a very sad violin
music , it is abeautiful music but i can find neither its names nor the
music....pleeaaaase help..desperately in need of it !!!! if you know
anything about it just send an email to my address : ussra_better at
hotmail.com , or post an answer here i'll check it , or post a link
where i can find anyway just so i can get the music i'm an addicted
....lol help please !
			
Titanic, a historical and tragic love story, is a movie in it's own
league. Everything about it--acting, visuals, scenery, music,
detail--is stunning. The acting is brilliant, and the director James
Cameron obviously had a clear vision of how he wanted this movie to be
made and what he wanted to get across. When Rose DeWitt Bukater, a wealthy seventeen year old who is engaged
to a man against her will, and Jack Dawson, an orphaned, free-spirit,
meet on the Titanic, they help each other to grow in life and love.
Their love and fate leave the viewers with both sadness and joy, for
their love is too strong to have an end. Kate Winslet and Leonardo
DiCaprio give the performances of the century, and make you feel for
and know Rose and Jack. The music also definitely helps to make the movie. You can feel the
strings of the violins acting as your heartstrings, the flutes bring
tears to your eyes, and the lighter music free your soul as you smile. Titanic is a timeless movie, and a masterpiece. Although the separation
of Jack and Rose is disheartening, your heavy heart is lifted as you
realize that they are eventually reunited, and that their fate is to
be, really and truly, together forever.
			
If you don't like this movie, so what because it will always be the
most-touching and popular movie of all time. SEVEN STARS? SEVEN STARS?
This movie was absolutely fantastic that it deserves so much more. I'm
extremely, and always will be, surprised with how it has seven out of
ten (C-). How people? 10% of people gave this one star saying it is
awful, but this movie is still tied with the most Oscars, Academy
Awards, etc. If you didn't like this movie and didn't give it 9 or 10
stars you should seriously take the time to ask the Lord for a brain.
If you disliked it, you probably only saw one part. It is impossible to
forget, and some of its viewers like me will always be touched by it.
It was absolutely fascinating as a love story that even took the time
to be a tribute to the fateful 1912 sinking ship, Titanic.
			
I think this is a very good movie and I got it for my 8th birthday! I
really enjoy it and hoped they would make a sequel to it. I think a
sequel would be very enjoyable! ^_^ My favorite part is when Jack and
Rose are running from the old man. That part is always fun.Also when
Jack takes Rose down to the bottom to the party where they have lots of
fun after the stuffy dinner with Rose's icky fianc. I also think it is
so sad when the old rose throws her diamond into the sea with Jack. I
always cry when Rose lets go of Jack I'm the ocean after he dies. :( I
enjoy this movie very much and recommend it to those of you who haven't
seen it yet. So go and rent/buy it today!
			
Titanic is the best movie ever made, the whole fact that it's not
made-up and this really happened years ago brings a exciting feeling of
mystery. Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio's chemistry brings this w
hole movie together, the film would have never been the same without
them. i was totally blown away by this movie the first time i was it!,
the scenes were spectacular and awesome especially when the ship is
sinking and the big scenes come into gear, and the ship eventually
snaps in half, what make's this movie even better? there also involves
a great deal of love with jack and rose, near the end when rose had to
let jack go because he was dead, i was in tears, this film is filled
with such great emotion and class. "Titanic" remains for me the
greatest film ever made in the world..
			
Titanic has been known as one of the biggest movies of all time, and is
definitely a classic. From the time when you see the famous shipwreck,
to the very end, you will just stare at the screen in awe. This is my
opinion of the movie, and I know that probably many people would
disagree with me. What more could you ask for in a movie? Suspense,
romance, some comedy between the conversations of Jack and Rose, drama,
almost every genre fits it. When you first see the drawing of young
Rose that is found in the safe of the wreck, you are confused as to
what it might be, but find it beautiful just the same. Hearing that old
Rose is almost 101, you might find it hard to be realistic, but by the
end of the movie when Jack is making Rose promise to go on with her
life without him, you believe anything this movie has to throw at you.
When Rose Calvert begins her story, you are shown a young woman who is
sick of her first class life, and wants to "break free" from her
chains. A man named Jack Dawson is also shown playing a poker game, and
attempting to win the third class tickets that were bet on the "ship of
dreams." Of course, Rose and Jack meet and there is an instant
connection, and half way through the movie, you want nothing more than
both of them falling in love. After taking Rose "flying" out of her
caged life, Rose and Jack do fall in love, even thought they've known
each other for only a matter of days. While all of this is happening,
you forget all about the dreadful iceberg that will eventually separate
Jack and Rose physically for good. Just when you get attached to their
story, the ship soon begins to sink. After watching both characters
almost lose their lives in more than one way, you eventually witness
Jack giving up the one space on the floating board so that Rose can
live in place of him. A tear-jerker every single time you watch, the
music alone will just make you start to tear up. Though the tragedy was
unbelievably depressing, and leaves you with a heavy heart for days
afterward, this wonderful record-breaking Oscar winning movie will have
your heart. Now, almost 9 years since the movie came out, I still love
it, and I know that it is a movie that I and many others will never
tire of, for Titanic is one of the best films of all time!
			
Of the top 10 grossing films of all time, Titanic is #1 and Mel
Gibson's 'Passion' is #10. The remaining 8 are either sci-fi, action
hero, or fantasy flicks. I find it ironic that the the only non-make
believe movies on this list are about two of the greatest historical
tragedies to befall mankind. The real triumph in Cameron's rendering of
the sinking is that he put a human face on it...as did Gibson re the
Crucifixon. This is a timeless movie that I can watch again and again.
My only complaint was the casting of Dicaprio...Somebody like Matt
Damon would have made a much better Jack Dawson. The rest of the
casting was impeccable, especially Capt. Smith, Mr. Andrews and Ismay,
Molly, Hockley and his manservant, Rose's mother etc, not to mention
Ms. Winslet, who in my opinion is in the same category as Meryl Streep
in terms of range and fearlessness as an actor, not to mention her
luminous beauty.
			
I thought that this was one of his best because he plays it very well.
He plays a really good poor man in the movie and even know I have seen
the movie like a billion times that ONE seen at the end were you see
Jack and he falls into the water and its like what was the point of
falling in love because you are never going to be together even though
they did'nt know what was going to happen. But why did Rose pick Jack ?
That is a question that I have asked a LOT of people and nobody can
tell me what I am looking for so could someone tell me ? But I think
that this is Leo's BEST movie ever and I love the movie Titanic. But
the vote thing one of ten which is excellent well this movie does not
come anywhere close to excellent it deserves the BEST movie of the year
award.
			
Titanic is the best movie in the whole world i love it so much. Because
i love the real Titanic so much .I have watch it about 30 times. It is
the Best love story ever. And it shows all the thinks about the Titanic
in it as well so that is great. Leonardo Dicaprio and Kate Winslet are
awesome in this movie i think it is there best movie ever.All the other
actors rock in the Titanic as well. If you want to watch a movie that
is romantic, thrilling and sad that will make you cry this is the best
one. And the Titanic is my favorite movie ever by far.It is just so
breath taking to watch it sink and everything else that happens. I love
the Titanic so much!
			
the movie titanic was a history in itself; almost as big as the history
of the ship. in spite of certain faults, no one can deny the magic &
aura of the film. in spite of being completely mainstream & commercial
the movie is in no way inferior to any critical or artistic movie made
till date. the technicalities are simply perfect. special effects will
develop with time, but that wouldn't make titanic loose it's appeal.
James Cameroon has ensured that. and then comes the musical score which
makes you fly into the world of titanic without actually realizing
it.making a movie better than titanic shall be very difficult. the
impact of the great tragedy that titanic suffered is magnified and
compressed into the span of the movie. it hits like a dagger of
tragedy. Still, certain factors were missing from the movie and some
characters seemed inappropriately described. where did Spicer Lovejoy
go in the end? why did the captain appear so idiotic during the
sinking? why didn't Jack get a lifebelt?
			
Titanic is my all time favourite film i love the film and i love
learning the history about it. Although i am only 14 years old, i know
more than most 30 year old's about titanic. Seeing this film has
changed my life and i love it to bits. Thank you James Cameron and
everyone that went into making such a great film. The actors used for
this film was terrific option and using this has drawn great attention
towards the public for them. I now can't stop wanting to see films with
Kate Winslet in them. Titanic has such a dramatic ended and consistency
of greatness throughout it. Thats why i love Titanic so much. Also
because of Leonardo DiCaprio he is absolutely gorgeous and i love it
when he has his top off. I strongly suggest that you buy as well the
limited editions on DVD of this fantastic film as it tells you a lot
about how they made the film and it is truly an honour to watch it.
			
Since I watched this film on a TV i fall in love with this stories. The
true love (Rose and jack) gave a spirit of life. This couple is like a
twin that cannot be separated. Their love is like an ocean, so wide,
great like a wave, everlasting. Although one of them has gotten died,
but it will never make the love die. The romance is like a fairy tales
but true..so great and wonderful This film is excellent, united from
sound, choreography and artistic lay out, my comment is : wonderful,
wonderful and wonderful. I saw for titanic more than four times. First
I saw in a movie, this film is likely able to snatch my attention, I'm
as life in this decade and be one of person who is in the ship.I
imagine that i was rose, and i feel what rose feel. This story was also
has made any inspiration for me to write any romance stories. I'm a
writer and love romance stories so much
			
Titanic has to be one of the best movies I have ever seen. I didn't
watch it for a while - I honestly didn't see what the fuss was about.
However, my brother bought it and persuaded me to watch it, and i must
have seen it at least 100 times since!!I love the main story-line between Jack and Rose! Although some write
this love story off as 'sappy, typical, predictable Hollywood', it
pulls my heartstrings every time I watch it. The beauty of two people
so in love, they will do anything to save each other. Especially when
Rose jumps out of the lifeboat to go to Jack. She knows she may die,
and would have been safe on the lifeboat, but she doesn't care. This
scene always brings a tear to my eyes, and on Jacks death I am always
bawling my eyes out, every single time. I also love how well the
Titanic is recreated, from the interior and design to the dramatic
sinking. You feel you are there, and feel the fear of the third-class
people locked up, the terror of Rose and Jacks dramatic escape, and
most importantly, the love between the two principal characters.. I
didn't know much about the ship before, but now am inspired to find out
as much as possible. A truly classic film, with beautiful story lines,
amazing history and gorgeous music that fits the scene perfectly. Fave
scenes: Jack and Rose 'flying', her jumping out of the boat, the two
running through the ship, and the very end, where she is reunited with
her love. No criticisms, best film I've seen, and I'm not too scared to
admit it. Watch it - you won't regret it.
			
**There are NO spoilers contained within.** Wow!! There is nothing else
to say for this movie, the special effects just blew me away!! I won't
give the plot away in case you have not seen this movie, but I will say
that it is amazing!! There really is no criticism thatwill fit this
film. From the opening scenes and the first sights of the Titanic-which
is beautifully formed and reconstructed extremely accurately-to the
mysteries and sub plots hidden within the movie, you will not be bored
with this movie!! This movie is that rare kind, with a twist and turn
when you least expect it, and a lot of clever dialogue.; But it's not
just the sinking scene and the special effects that are good, it's the
general plot of the story, which makes you want to give your opinion,
be there with the charatcers, and then there is that dramatic climax,
with a clever and very suspenful ending in which... You'll have to
watch it to find out more!! The movie is funny, witty, suspenful,
thoughtful and very sad sometimes, though it is one of the best movies
ever made. I definitely recommend this movie!!
			
An astoundingly brilliant film that must be seen by all movie fans.
Raised the bar significantly with a perfect combination of special
effects and emotion thanks to great acting by Leonardo DiCaprio and
Kate Winslet. Its easy to see that the 2 of them had a great on and off
screen chemistry. The success of the film however is down to James
Camerons meticulous direction and dedication, undoubtedly his best
film. At a cost of 200m it was the most expensive film ever made when
released in 1997. When watching the film I forget that the ship is
mainly computer generated and the waves arn't real. I was swept along
by the sheer spectacle of the film. Three hours of film that never
leads the audience astray and has a final one and a half hours that is
the most gripping of any epic I have ever seen. The most successful
film of all time doing 1.8 billion at the box office world wide and
winning 11 Oscars. It deserves all the success it has had and is a true
masterpiece. If you haven't seen it, see it! p.s get the special
edition DVD,preferably 5 disc
			
colossal,exiting,fantastic. i saw it yesterday on TV for the ten time i
think,and i like it more and more.James Cameron with a very simple plot
has made a masterpiece.also Leornardo Dicaprio and Kate Winslet have
made a great work.(also Katie Bates and Billy Zane of course! )the
special effects are fantastic,like all the details. i recommend this
for anyone who liking endless love stories,with a historical scenery.If
this is one of your favorite films,you should search for the special
edition on DVD. if you like this,you surely like "Moulin Rouge","love
story","Casablanca".my English is not so good,i'm Italian
			
An amazing film! J.C did a terrific job! Leonardo was great, Kate was
great, Billy, Kathy, Victor all of the actors in this film did a
perfect job! James also did a fantastic job with all of the emotion,
the romance, the fear, the conflict! It was perfect! Titanic has got to
be my favorite picture! I own it and have seen it at least 30 times,
and every time I cry so much! It's one of those films where, even
though you know what happens, you're sitting there going "turn, turn,
turn,it's not going to hit this time." You just hope that maybe this
time the film will change and you won't need a whole box of Kleenex.
Perfect film.
			
Titanic has been one of my most enjoyable movies i have ever watched. I
remember the day it came out in theaters in 1997 i went and watched it
10 times at the theater. When the movie came out on VHS i had all ready
ordered it because i was in love with Kate Winslet and i thought she
was the most beautiful actress. Now i have 3 sets of the movie 1 i have
the VHS, 2 i have the regular DVD, and 3 i have the collectors edition
DVD. I have always wanted to meet Kate Winslet and James Cameron
because James Cameron is one of the most inspiring directors to me and
since i want to become a director of films that really means a lot.
People really don't see the Titanic as i do you see i respect the
meaning of the actual ship and of course the movie. I will one day go
and see the Titanic face to face in the future but until then i give
all my greatness to the cast and crew of the movie Titanic.
			
How people can criticise this masterpiece is beyond me! It won 11
Academy Awards and has been described as "The Greatest Film Ever" How
can people say that something like this is rubbish?! This is my
favourite film. For me when I watch this I feel like I'm going on a
journey on the ship seeing what our two main characters are going
through. How people don't cry at the end of this when their journey
ends in tragedy is beyond me! The atmosphere, the acting is so
emotional! "Come Back Jack, Come Back" those famous lines mixed with
tears and violins starting to play for me is the saddest moment I've
ever witnessed on a television screen. Other emotional moments such as
children being read a bedtime story, an old couple hugging together as
the water fills up around them, a woman clutching her child trying to
survive play on the heart strings of the viewer. What kind of heartless
person can show no emotion to this?! One of the most famous moments in
film is the "I'm Flying" scene. This has been done again and again and
we know it from Titanic. This film is one of the most successful films
of all time so I really don't know how people can criticise one bit of
it. The acting, directing, writing & music is perfect. This film is
absolutely amazing.
			
I've been a fan of titanic for 8 years now and i just can't get enough
of it. I am currently working on a sci-fi film for the boy's and girls club of
America about the titanic.my recommendation is anyone who likes history thrown together with a
love story, than this is definitely the film for you.Or you can admire the over detailed sets they built for the film.I was amazed when i learned that they built an almost full sized
replica of the ship, it's just a pity they had to tear it down.Anyhow back to my film project,I would say anyone who loves Titanic be it real or film see this movie.
			
Leo is a good actor he has a good character. The ship is good because
the beginning was a real ship footage. Titanic is the ship of dreams
especially the beginning.The Ice-berg has nice work of special
effects.This film i enjoyed because of the story so long something you
never expect it to happen. The ship sinks.Jack dies of cold and Rose
says she will never let go. Deep sea explorer, Dr. Brock Lovett (Bill
Paxton) leads a team to search for a fabled diamond, rumoured to have
been lost when the Titanic sank. Using both a submarine and
remote-controlled robot submersibles, they explore the ghostly wreck,
concentrating on the guestrooms of the first class passengers.
Retrieving a safe believed to contain the jewel, they are disappointed
to find only papers and a drawing. However, the picture depicts a nude
young woman wearing the jewel. When he discovers that the woman is
still alive , Lovett brings her to the exploration ship, hoping that
her recollections may help him find his treasure. Her memories
transport her back to the final days of the Titanic's first and last
voyage
			
Titanic is probably one of the best movies I've seen. Or maybe it could
be the BEST one ever.Plot - Rose(Kate Winslet) goes aboard the Titanic to go to United
States of America for her wedding with Cal(Billy Zane). Aboard the
enormous Titanic, she meets a young man named Jack(Leonardo DiCaprio)
who changes her whole way of life and they end up falling for each
other. But unfortunately, their time didn't last long. Rose's parents
tried to separate the two lovebirds, and along with that, the Titanic
hits the iceberg, and the ship sinks. What happened was that Rose's
parents thought of separating them by setting Jack up. They made Rose
think that Jack stole the Heart of the Ocean jewel necklace that Cal
gave to Rose. Soon, Rose realizes that Jack didn't steal the necklace
and hurried up to rescue him from his prison. Afterwards, they were
running, swimming and dashing for their lives as the Titanic's decks
and rooms fill up with cold icy waters of the Atlantic ocean. In the
end of the movie, Jack dies and Rose lives. Rose did everything that
jack told her to do in her life, then one night, Rose was reunited with
her true love.This plot is truly amazing. Not only it shows how the people aboard the
Titanic had panicked, died and fled, it also shows a heart-warming
story of love.Music - The music of Titanic is truly amazing. The music was perfect
for each setting of the movie. Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" is
perfectly amazing. I still listen to it! Characters - Well, all I could
say is that the characters of the movie(or if you would prefer the
actors and actresses...) were very good. Leonardo acts very well for
Jack and as do Kate Winslet for her character.This movie is truly amazing. That's all I could say. This is James
Cameron at his very best yet! The Titanic and all the effects looks
really realistic. Everything is amazing. This is a must-see movie! ^^
			
I absolutely love this film to bits. i think it is the most real and
touching movie of all time no wonder it won 11 academy awards. great
story line and great choose of actors for this movie. i could watch
this film over and over again because i know i would never ever be
bored of this film and if some of you who think this film is boring
then your'e mad and need to actually watch the film properly . if you
watch the film properly then you will see how touching and emotional
but real this film can be as it was based on a true story.so if any of you out there who don't find this film fascinating then i
would consider you as disrespectful to all those people who lost their
lives that morning on the real R.M.S Titanic.
			
i think this movie is the best especially with Leonardo DiCaprio hes an
great actor. very very very very very very very good good good good
movie the best.i like it a lot and everybody did an good part and it
was also sad how it all happen. i thought about if it really happen as
a love story like that i was crying in that movie when all that happen
especially when "lenardo DiCaprio die".i like it and hes so cute too,he
the best actor and the movie is one of a kind. the best part is the
love the saddest is when the boat sink and every thing that happens all
the death and everything that happens is sad and so true like that
all.titanic lives.
			
This movie was one of the best movies i have ever seen. Its a tale of
love and tragedy. This movie is amazing. I love the story line. Jack
and Rose belong together. I love the ending with the part about the
heart of the ocean. And people who have seen this know what I'm talking
about. Jack has such a good outlook on life its great. The Titanic was
a awful mistake. Many people died and seeing what happened on the ship
was amazing. I definitely recommend the movie. It has a great story
line and lots of action. This movie game a whole new perspective look
on life. This movie is the best movie i have seen in a long long time.
Titanic is a wonderful movie that makes you fall in love with the
characters
			
I first went to see this movie when i was eight years old. Because i
was young i did not get the concept of the movie, therefore i did not
fall in love with the characters as i did when i got older. The
characters are Jack Dawson(Leonardo DiCaprio), a poor man who won two
tickets on Titanic by having a luckily hand in poker. His friend
Fabrizio, an Italian man, accompanies him. During the trip Jack saves a
woman named Rose(Kate Winslet), who was attempting suicide. As a reward
Rose's fianc, Cal, invites Jack to dinner along with them and the
first class. During the next day, Rose gets to know this man who saved
her, and she finds to love him, and not her fianc. Towards the ending,
when the ship is sinking, Rose must choose between her rich fianc Cal,
or the man she loves, Jack. Although this may seem as a sappy love
story, it is still really about the "unsinkable" ship Tianic. Titanic,
the ship and its passengers has been one of the most intriguing things
that I've ever studied. as the ship is sinking they only let women and
children on to the lifeboats first, but then they do not let out the
people 3rd class, and you see a woman telling her children a bedtime
story, because she knows that there is just no hope of surviving. This
movie will make your eyes water, if the least. Its a long, but very
good movie. i have seen it about 6 or 7 times and i still cry every
time. James Cameron has done a great job on this movie. without the
music, and the actors, this movie wouldn't of been the same.
			
I never thought I would ever see such a masterpiece that is "Titanic".
If James Cameron never makes another film he can always be proud of
this movie. Some people say, "it's just about a boat sinking". How
naive they are. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are amazing as Jack
Dawson and Rose DeWitt Bukator. I saw this movie three times at the
theaters, and would go again today if it were re-released. I still get
goosebumps watching the "flying scene" and the "heaven scene". No other
movie can compete with this one. How dare the Oscars not nominate Leo
for his performance. Kate Winslet was robbed in my opinion for Best
Actress. Helen Hunt ("As Good As it Gets") over Kate, please. Gloria
Stuart ("The Invisible Man"), Billy Zane ("Dead Calm"), Frances Fisher
("Unforgiven"), Kathy Bates ("Misery"), Bill Paxton ("Twister"), Victor
Garber (TV's "Alias"), and Eric Braedon (TV's "The Young and the
Restless") co-star. This is a must-see masterpiece.
			
I think Titanic is a great movie, it has a mixture of adventure,
suspense and best of all romance! I still cannot believe that it isn't
on this websites top 250 movies of all time! I was really surprised!
I't is definitely my favourite movie and nothing will ever change that!
:) Please if you read this go and vote for Titanic!!! Maybe soon it
will be on the list for the top 250 movies!! YAY! I love Titanic so
much and I would watch it over and over again if I could! It is a great
family movie, and its good if you have been having relationship
problems or if you just love watching love stories! I think it is
probably the best love story ever made....and its about a true story so
it makes it even more interesting! I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!!!
			
Unfourntunatly, with how good this movie is, it really never reached
the mainstream attention that a movie with a budget like this deserves
or expects. When i mention "Titanic" people say, "oh, you mean the one
with josh hartnet?" and usually i say, "well, no, you must be thinking
of Tora Tora Tora." This little known example of Leondaro DiCaprios debut into film
showcases what range he has as an actor. As is the case with many, he
had to start small using this small independent-type film as a jumping
board to get into the mainstream attention. Best of luck to leo. Before I saw this movie, i never had seen any scenes involving jack and
rose. Every moment from the start was new to me, and made me realize
exactly how much I didn't know until about the movie until i saw it on
the screen. Its very sad, and a few people i know actually admitted to crying (!)
when it was over, (i know) but the emotion doesn't take away from the
neat little motion picture. The most remarkable thing about this film
was its charm and slow yet deliberate pacing. the subtle climax blew me
off my feet, and not spoil anything, (SPOILER ALERT), when the (gasp)
boat sank i did NOT see that coming!Anyway, in all, if you want to take the time to travel a little off the
beaten path, take a look at titanic, and amaze your movie buff friends
when they say, "heard of James Camerons first picture?" you'll say,
"HELL YES!!"
			
This is one hell of a movie. The acting was bloody brilliant and the
storyline was good. It also had some sad parts such as when Rose tries
to get Jack to wake up because the boat has arrived, and discovers that
he has died and when she lets go of him, she stares at his face as he
sinks down to the bottom. I actually cried after watching this. It was
actually pretty cool when the guy on the new boat asks what Rose's name
is, she says "Rose. Rose Dawson.'' That proved how much she loved him.
Basically, this is a great movie to watch and you can see what kind of
thing happened when the real Titanic was sinking. I give this movie
10/10 all the way.
			
Although this is a fictional account of the event, I feel it is perhaps
the best portrayal of life and times of the Titanic era. It is a strong
warning against overconfidence in our technical abilities and human
pride to solve every problem and prevent disaster. Ignoring iceberg
warnings and failure to take precautions, even in matters of the ship's
design and number of lifeboats, depict human error as the frequent
cause of failure it is. Man's greatness pales in the face of nature and
nature's God.One cannot relate to history without putting a face on it. Kate
Winslet's beautiful face (and the others) do the job superbly.
Everything about this film is wonderful, including the writing,
photography and acting. Instead of dry textbooks, school children
should view this, with some precautions against nudity and
unnecessarily strong language. I find the story very satisfying,
cleverly executed and highly informative. No doubt this will be a
perpetual monument to that "unsinkable" ship and all those who died.
			
For me, time is valuable and to take time to watch a movie is a big
thing. Yet with TITANIC, I would watch it everyday if I could and I
would not get tired of it. People protest at its two-day love story,
and say that "Captain Smith was a man who, realizing his mistake of
ignoring the ice-berg warning,personally took on the responsibility of
checking the damages himself." That is true, and though I love the
movie, I do wish that they had shown that.Leonardo DiCaprio (THE AVIATOR, WHATEVER HAPPENED TO GILBERT
GRAPE?),deserved a Oscar nomination for his endearing portrayal of the
live-for-the-moment young man named Jack Dawson.Kate Winslet (ETERNAL
SUNSHINE OF THE SPOTLESS MIND,FINDING NEVERLAND),was the up and coming
actress who was chosen for the part of Rose Dewitt Bukater. Her
brilliant performance earned a Best Actress nomination, though it
deserved the actual Oscar.The second part of the movie,(Spoiler Warning), in of which R.M.S.
Titanic sinks,is touching, well done, mainly accurate, and very sad.
Not only do you cry when the now beloved Jack dies, but also when
Rose(Gloria Stuart), 84 years later, dies after telling her story for
the first time. Victor Garber,Frances Fisher,Kathy Bates and Billy Zane
add notable performances in this epic love story and tragedy.
			
Someone recently posted that some people seem to hate popular movies
simply because they're popular... rather than looking at what makes
them popular, they begin to look at ways to bring down the movie in
areas that to most movie-watchers do not matter.When I watch a movie, I generally watch it to be entertained. I
understand creative license, so I (thus) do not generally care if the
historical details are all correct in a movie built around a historical
moment (such as Titanic is). I don't think about whether or not the
dialogue is "wooden" or if the plot is thick enough... if I am
entertained, I give the movie a thumbs-up.I was entertained immensely by Titanic. Titanic had all the ingredients
of a great film: action, adventure, suspense, comedy, romance,
intrigue.Most people love a love story, and this was one. It was not really
about the ship at all, but about the love of Jack and Rose. As a love
story, it was wonderful.I cried several times and left the theater thinking I'd seen a great
movie. My feelings were justified by the 11 Oscars and all the money it
made... its popularity.IMDb should get on board.And who the hell gave it a 1? WATCH the movie before you spread hate,
please. If you want a documentary, you'll be disappointed. If you want
to be entertained, you'll very likely not be disappointed.This movie is rated 7+ by nearly everyone, but there are a few
(apparently) disgruntled viewers who either did not get the point of
the movie (more about the forbidden romance between Jack and Rose --
and the tension it creates among Jack, Rose, Cal, Rose's mom -- than it
is about the actual sinking) or are hating just to go against the
status quo.
			

Previously, I wrote that I loved "Titanic", cried at its ending (many times
over), and I'm a guy in his 60's.  I also wondered about why this great
movie, which won so many awards and was applauded by so many critics, was
given only a 7.0 rating by imdb.com users.Well, I looked at the breakdown of the user ratings.  While 29.0% of all
votes gave it a 10 rating, 10.7% gave it a 1 rating.  These 10.7% of these
irrational imdb users, in effect, pulled the overall rating down to 7.0.  In my previous comments, I blamed this very unusual voting pattern (a sudden
surge in 1 ratings, with a high 10 rating, dropping only gradually and then
suddenly reversing course and jumping at the 1 rating level) on only one
thing: hatred for Leonardo DiCaprio.  Believe me, I've tuned into enough
chat rooms to see the banter by young people (young men, mostly), who defame
him left and right.  They absolutely hate the man, and they will have no
part in giving him any credit in "Titanic".  (To answer one other user:  I
am NOT talking about someone who just really doesn't like the movie that
much, and gave it a 5 or a 6, etc.  Everyone has, and is entitled to,
his/her own taste.  But no one can convince me that the imdb rating of only
7.0 overall for "Titanic", pulled to that level by an inordinate number of
ridiculous 1 ratings, is a fair reflection of the overall motion
picture.)Let me demonstrate my point by comparing the imdb user voting pattern of
"Titanic" to 5 randomly chosen box office and critical "bombs" (there are
many more, but these 5 will prove my point).  "Heaven's Gate" (1980) was
pulled from the theaters quickly after a very poor box office showing, and
imdb voters' ratings were: 23.2% 10 ratings and 9.2% 1 ratings (overall
rating of 6.1).  "Big Top Pee-wee" (1988) got 4.3% 10 ratings and 9.9% 1
ratings (overall rating of 4.5).  "Cat People" (1982) got 6.1% 10 ratings
and 2.6% 1 ratings (overall rating of 5.8).   "Blind Date" (1987) got 3.0%
10 ratings and 2.8% 1 ratings (overall rating of 5.3).  "Jumpin' Jack Flash"
(1986) got 4.4% 10 ratings and 3.7% 1 ratings (overall rating of 5.2).  WHAT
DO ALL OF THESE FILMS HAVE IN COMMON WITH "TITANIC"?  ALL OF THE PERCENTAGES
OF THEIR 1 RATINGS ARE LOWER !!!! THAN "TITANIC", AND NONE OF THESE STINKERS
EVER WAS NOMINATED FOR A SINGLE AWARD.  Again, "Titanic" got 10.7% 1
ratings!  Compare that to the other 5 movies I just mentioned.Can there be any explanation other than the hatred of Leo
factor?
			
John H. FreemanThe only reason I am writing a commentary on this film is to provide a
note at the top of the heap that this film is, with all due respect to
its box office record and glorious showing at the Oscars, a rip-off of
one of the earliest, and indeed one of the finest of all disaster
films. I am not referring to the 1953 film of the same title but to "A
Night to Remember". Camron's "Titanic" is and most likely will remain a
film steeped in critical controversy. It certainly will survive in
spite of itself. This is primarily due to having some particularly good
characteristics of successful film-making. The right formula for the
right audience, delivered at the right time. However, if you truly want
to see a stunning film on the Titanic tragedy, and are not hung up
about the special effects needed to make a successful movie as are many
movie goers these days, see "A Night to Remember". It is in every
aspect a superior film. Totally unpretentious and never over the top.
If you have seen "Titanic", you will gasp at every ripped off scene and
wonder how the producers of "Titanic" ever got away with not giving
credit where credit is due.
			

"Titanic" has a large number of fans that will cheerfully proclaim that it
is the best movie ever made, and a large number of detractors who will
cheerfully proclaim that is nothing but overrated garbage. I just feel it is
a great film. "Titanic" definitely deserved the Best Picture Oscar in 1997
and to describe "Titanic" as overrated garbage and the worst movie ever made
says something about that person, that they are ignorant about films or just
ignorant and only hate it because it's the highest grossing movie of all
time. I admit that when it was becoming that I hated it before even seeing
it because I didn't want it to be. Now I have seen it three times (not once
in theaters) since it was released, and it still manages to keep me glued to
the screen for all three hours.James Cameron's recreation of the 1912 sinking of the "unsinkable" liner is
one of the most magnificent pieces of serious popular entertainment ever to
emanate from Hollywood. The gargantuan production cost--estimated at about
$200 million--has been spent on sumptuous, stunningly believable sets and
visual effects, giving the viewer the feeling of being a passenger on the
ill-fated voyage. But the three-hours-plus "Titanic" ultimately succeeds so
powerfully in retelling this familiar story because it is an intimate epic
with a moving and resonant love story at its core. The performances by all the cast are outstanding, even the hundreds,
possibly thousands of extras. Once again Kate Winslet proves that she is one
of the most talented actress of her generation. Her small steps from
repressed, snobbish rich girl, to passionate, joyful and full of life, are
very subtle, yet we always know that she is changing -- we can feel what she
feels. Any actor or actress who can do that is very special indeed. She also
manages to pull off a mostly convincing American accent. Leonardo DiCaprio
is very good as well, as Jack, the steerage passenger-artist who wins
tickets for Titanic at a poker game. His character is always alive, and is
the catalyst for Rose's transformation. The chemistry between the two of
them is great; their scenes together are special to watch. This all coming
from someone who really can't stand Leonardo DiCaprio.The film does a remarkable job of contrasting the stiff haughtiness of the
upper class with the joyful energy of the steerage class. One scene in
particular stands out, as Cameron cuts between 1st-class men talking
politics in the dining room and 3rd-class passengers having the time of
their lives below decks, dancing up a storm. The film's technical aspects
are amazing. The sets and costumes look so much like the real thing that the
viewer gets a sense of deja-vu (at least those who study the Titanic). The
special effects are totally believable. The effects are so good that people
might think they are seeing reality, and not effects. They're that good.The music by James Horner is perfect in all the right places. The script by
Cameron is very good, haunting and quite witty. There are dozens of details
written into the script, either about the characters or about the ship. All
of them point to something down the line. Cameron's script is filled with
the most subtle foreshadowing. The only thing that I caught which struck a
false note was the fact that Jack always seemed to be on the 1st-class deck,
when in fact steerage was not allowed to mingle with the 1st-class. However
that is a minor complaint, for the rest of the film is very accurate. Even
though the film is three hours long, it seems much shorter; I didn't look at
the clock even once during all three viewings. The last hour is a dazzler,
both visually and emotionally. I felt myself clinging to the seat hoping the
ship would miss that iceberg and choking up about once or twice during the
film. And finally, what surprises me about the user ratings is that compared
to any other film in the IMDb top 250 this film compares in the number of
twos through tens, it just has so many unfair ones (almost as many as the
number of nines) that it is kept from being in the IMDb top 250 and really
makes you wonder.Rating: 10/10
			

I love this movie, I can't get enough of it. I have to admit that before I
saw this movie in 1998 I thought it was going to be pointless to watch, but
when I borrowed it from my neighbor I watched it four times in one night, I
think I am one of the best titanic fans ever I have read almost all of the
books that relate to the titanic I collect articles and I have posters from
the movie.Titanic is about a third class passenger named Jack Dawson(Leonardo
Dicaprio), and a first class passenger named Rose(Kate Winslet) and the two
romantically fall in love on the grandest ship of all. The "unsinkable"
Titanic ends up actually being sinkable, and on it's maiden voyage to
America the loving couple get stuck in the worst tragedy of all time.

			

I was so enchanted by this movie back in 1997 that I saw it at the theatre
nine times.  Pretty sick!  I now own it on DVD and video (just in case
something happens to one of them)You have probably already figured out that I am a woman, so naturally I was
absorbed with the love story of Jack and Rose even though they are fictional
characters.  But isn't that what we go to the movies for - fiction and
fantasy?I loved this movie and I seriously doubt that anything will ever top it in
my book! 
			

Titanic is one of the most expensive movies ever made (cost of $200+
million) and is the highest grossing movie of all time. In addition, it
won
many oscars. So if that doesn't make you take notice I don't know what
will.The film is really a drama with a strong romantic thread. The acting was
above average, directing was amazing, and the cinematography showed you
how
it actually felt when the disaster took place. I rank this movie highly
and
would recommend it for everyone that likes a good romantic drama. Almost
everyone universally praises Titanic except for a few (I suspect that
these
few don't like romantic movies).
			

I kept putting off seeing this movie with my wife because I labeled it a
chick movie,I was so very wrong,
Titanic has well written characters and a story even though we knew the
ending keeps you on the edge of your seat through the entire three
hours.
There really was a Rose on the Titanic.
The critics of this movie only have to look at the fact that is made almost
2 billion dollars world wide when no movie have ever made more than 900
million,this Titanic amount of cannot be just from teenage
girls.
Titanic is as close to a perfect movie as has ever been
made.
I give it a 10 and put it in my top 20 with the likes of the Godfather and
jaws.
			

Titanic has got to be the best film off ALL time. Everything about the film
is amazing. James Cameron did a wonderful job (as usual) at directing and
Leonardo Dicaprio and Kate Winslet are truly wonderful.
The music is beautiful too. (BRILLIANT soundtrack.) Like i have already said
Titanic is amazing and it will always stay that way. 20/10
			

Though "Titanic" didn't deserve to win best picture it is still a very well
done movie that will entertain anyone who watches it. The visual effects in
this film are astounding and absolutely beleivable. Alot of people say this
film is overrated but I dissagree. Like I said not the best film ever but
entertaining anyways. James Cameron is a masterful director and I hope he
announces his next movie soon. "Terminator 2" still ranks as his best film
though.
			
It gets me every time, I'm an emotion wreck at the end. Titanic is the
only few films I have watched that is just as enjoyable as the first
watch.A 3 hour film normally requires dedication and sustain concentration
with many films offend drag on but Titanic could be on for 6 hours and
still be just as engaging.Kate and DiCaprio are just so perfect for this role and are very
believable in there performances. There's not one second that you think
that there are acting in a film which says it all. Many people would
say watching Titanic is a guilty pleasure but not for me its just a
pleasure.
			
All these years I've never wanted to sit down and watch this movie for
various reasons. Yesterday, I just decided to randomly sit down and
watch this movie, expecting nothing but a cheesy over the top romance
movie. I was pleasantly surprised and blown away.As a person whose only ever seen Cameron's big three: T2, Aliens and
Terminator, I never thought that any movie could ever near those three
films. I have yet to see 'Avatar' which I will sometime but back to
topic- Titanic blew me away as I had such low expectations.Everyone knows the story of 'Titanic', where a young boy and girl meet
and fall in love. As time goes by, Titanic crashes into an iceberg
causing the ship to slowly start to sink as the romance between the two
gets stronger. Everyone also knows that this movie is somewhat
considered one of the best and has won 11 Oscars, the most that is only
tied with 'Return of the King' and 'Ben-hur'.There is so much that I love about 'Titanic' that I don't like in most
romance movies. The chemistry between the two is amazing. The acting is
great, the story is beautiful and emotionally gripping, the visuals are
amazing, the epic scope is breath taking and the last hour is breath
taking intensity after intensity. The characters are also amazing and
the music is just beautiful. Cameron's writing and directing is great
despite some cheesy lines such as 'I'm flying!' My main concern with
Titanic before watching it was that I believed that Cameron wouldn't be
up to the challenge as he is a director of action movies: T2, Aliens,
Terminator, The Abyss, True Lies etc. He proved me wrong and I only
love Cameron more for this! He has mastered creating epic dramas and
epic romances with this movie To conclude this review here, 'Titanic'
is an awesome, beautiful and emotionally gripping romance tale that is
masterfully directed, brilliantly acted, with amazing visuals, a huge
scope, amazing music and some great characters. The movie itself
doesn't deserve to be called one of the very best nor in my opinion
does it deserve the 11 Oscars it got but 'Titanic' is still....An
amazing movie that everyone needs to check out!
			
I can't understand why it isn't on IMDb's top 250 list. It was the best
movie of the 90's without a doubt. It was such a mesmerizing film that
we are still talking about it after having been shot 16 years ago. It
was a very emotional movie and my eyes sometimes filled with tears. I
don't know how many times I have watched it but whenever I watch it I
am impressed especially with the scene where Jack dies and the scene
where Rose throws the necklace into the sea. It merges both the mind
and the heart. Also, the music was so perfect that you may even burst
into tears just by listening to the music itself. What I loved most
about it was the script method and the way of reminding us of the
Titanic. We saw old Rose at first, then she began to explain all she
knew about the Titanic. That was the time when we got a chance to
compare the Titanic which sank to the Titanic which lives in Rose's
mind on the screen. Fantastic! To all those who criticize the movie for
being nothing more than a love story, I don't know if this love story
is true but everybody knows that a lot of people on that ship who loved
each other died, didn't they? So the good script and the good acting
performances have made the movie reflect the tragedy so well. It is
absolutely commendable to be able to create such memorable characters.
Congratulations to Cameron for such a great performance as a writer and
as a director.
			
This film is one of only a select few that has had the privilege of
winning 11 Academy Awards, and with good reason. It is clearly one of
the best films of all time. I got the privilege of seeing it earlier
this year in 3D. I had already seen it before, but my parents said that
it was quite the experience seeing it in theatres. They could not be
more correct on that.The story is that Rose, an upper-class citizen, is engaged to a wealthy
man named Cal. However, she feels trapped in her world, and she is
almost pushed over the ledge when she meets Jack, a lower-class
citizen. Despite their difference in social status, they take a liking
to each other, despite Cal's and her mother's hatred of Jack. Despite
their social status and everybody against their pairing, the two fall
deeply in love, when suddenly... well, if you know the story of the RMS
Titanic, then you know the rest of this story.James Cameron, you are a master filmmaker. You've done it with the
Terminator movies, Aliens, True Lies, The Abyss, and you have also done
it with Titanic, as well as Avatar, which is my favourite movie of all
time. What Cameron is great at doing is creating a story in which the
first part tells the story without all the crazy stuff happening, so
that when the second part/final action scenes come, we know who to
cheer for when something good happens and who to cry for when something
bad happens. He did it with this movie, he did it with Avatar; it is a
great way of providing the audience with amazing special effects and
action sequences without them being too distracting from the movie.I must also applaud the acting. Gloria Stuart is amazing in her
supporting role, and she shares much of her screen time with Bill
Paxton, who also does great, despite the limitations he gets in this
film. Frances Fisher is great as the overbearing mother, who seems to
only care about money, and not about her daughters' wishes. Kathy Bates
lightens up the screen with her witty dialogue as Molly Brown, while
Billy Zane is great as the antagonist, Cal.However, it is our two leads, Leo and Kate, who truly shine here. They
would later go on to act in Revolutionary Road, and both films show
their chemistry well. If these two became a real-life couple, I would
not be surprised, as they seem to have a whole lot of chemistry on
screen.Overall, this movie is a triumph. If you have not seen it, stop reading
this, turn off your computer, go to the nearest DVD store, and buy it.
The dialogue might be a little cheesy for you to handle, but the actors
are great, the story is great, the direction is great, etc. Overall, a
10/10 for me.
			
I know that this movie is pretty much half loved and half hated by the
world. The first time I watched it I was 5 years old, I didn't really
understand any of it at that age except the fact that there was a boy,
a girl and a sinking ship. I then again watched it when I was about 10
or 11, I really started to have an interest in the history of Titanic
and of course Leo DiCaprio. Every time it was on TV I would watch the
whole thing.I fell in love with it, by the time I was the age I am now
(15)I had known the movie by heart and understood every aspect of it.
This movie is very close to my heart in so many ways. Some people might
say, of course you love this movie your 15 and all you have on your
mind is hot boys and love. I love it for many other reasons though, too
many to list.I have heard many opinions on Titanic, most were negative. The people
who disliked it though hadn't seemed to understand it quite well. Maybe
you have to see it a couple of times to really understand it. So if you
have never seen this movie, go see it in 3D in April 2012. It's
definitely worth watching, you might hate it, but I really recommend
it. Everyone says the whole 3D thing is "over rated", but I think it
will make the already great special effects even better. I have also
never seen it on the big screen so I am extra excited. Over all I love
this movie, it's unfortunate that it gets so much hatred.
			
Some of you may know James Cameron more for making his bad boy type
films for example: The Terminator, Aliens, Rambo, and True Lies. This
film is so much different to those, but in an extraordinary way, this
is how I like to see Cameron, making films at top notch! So you've got
your basic love couple, one from a rich family, and one living down in
the dumps. But the cheesy love story is so much more than that because
it takes place on one of the grandest most commonly known ships to ever
set sail... TITANIC! Aside from the cheesiness Cameron gets you
involved into the history of Titanic in the first 10 minutes of the
film, starting with old Rose and her adventures aboard ship at the mere
age of just seventeen, and how she meets the young teen heart throb
'jack' (Leonardo DiCaprio). There relationship gradually gets higher
throughout the film until finally there hormone crazed minds decide to
put it down to the core and fall in love. Not only is she finding it
hard to live on the wealthy side of the land because her Mother is
loosing money and needs Rose to get married to the evil fianc 'Cal'.
But as the truth comes out the story is forgotten as the star-crossed
lovers suffer a more terrible threat, an iceberg smashing into the ship
dawning to its death. This magical love story is put behind as Rose and
Jack conjure the rising waters and Cal's crazed jealousy washed with a
gorgeous tone, melodrama, and dazzling special effects as the once
happy couple are taking a thrilling race for survival. This is a
definite must for all Cameron lovers, trust me. In my opinion this is
better than Avatar (and that's coming from a Cameron crazed lover) the
effects are out of this world for the date it actually came out.
Seriously if you have not yet seen it, come out from under that rock
and get down the store and buy a copy!
			
I am not particularly in love with this movie, but I am not stupid
enough to be unable to recognize it's awesomeness.It's great, the beginning, middle, the end is all great. Great
everything.7.4...what nonsense. Thanks haters. I thought there's no way Titanic
gets a score lower than 8.5....Wow, was I surprised.How can you be so wrong? Don't you understand the great disservice you
do by giving a bad review without knowing what you're talking about? Go
write it on a wall.Titanic isn't even in the Top250....how is that possible?Oh, I get it...Titanic is the highest grossing movie of all-time, so
that's why you hate it. Haters hate. It's what they do. We understand.
We know what's really going on with all you haters.Shouldn't you have to answer a few questions before you are able to
submit a review, so to prove that you have some remnant of a
functioning brain. You disgrace the filmmakers so bad.It really isn't that hard to make a consensus list of the best movies;
well it is when a monkey is allowed to write a review.Here's what I'm saying, if you call Titanic anything other than an
absolute masterpiece, you are just wrong. A monkey could see that.Honestly, this might be the greatest romantic film ever. And it can't
even slip into the Top250......complete, utter and absolute nonsense.
			
This movie contains every single emotion of a human being. The
heart-wrenching sadness of loosing your love ones is clearly shown in
this movie.The music is the best part of the movie.Jack and Rose shine
up as perfect lovers.The wreck of titanic is shown in this movie.The
song "my heart will go on" is most favorite song of me.Every single
person has worked hard yo make it a success.This was a very challenging
for everyone when the ship broke and sank.I love this movie very
much.Leonardo and Kate played the role of Jack and Rose and became
perfect couple.According to me it is the best movie Ihave seen in my
entire life and it can also be called "the best film of all the
centuries".
			
I've have seen Titanic many times, and it is one of my favorite movies.
Every time it is still so sad, because of all the people who died
there. Amazingly directed by James Cameron, who must be the greatest
director out there next to Peter Jackson.Now it is 10th anniversary since it has been released in 1998 in
February. But it still looks like it has been made like yesterday to
me, because of the amazing directing and the picture. I don't think
anyone could make a great performance than Leonardo and Kate. They were
the best couple ever.The real story didn't include Rose and Jack, but it was great idea to
make a great story before the sinking, and it was the sadest love story
also. When Rose just found the greatest love of her life, she loosed
him when the ship was sinking. Think about the great time they could
have if both of them survived Titanic. And it was weird when the old
Rose didn't tell anyone about Jack after 80 years. I wonder who she
went to when the survivors came to land in New York. We know she didn't
went to her fianc, Cal. Did she really went to her weird mum? Did she
go back to her dad? thats a mystery.i would love anyway to go to a Titanic museum. I find the sinking story
very touching and sad. If only all those people could have survived, i
wonder how it would be now.
			
When Titanic came out, I was only 5 years old. Of course, I didn't go
to see it in theaters. As I got older, I was always hearing of Titanic
and how it topped the box office and so on. But yet, never watched it.
About 5 months ago I was flipping through the channels and saw Titanic
was on. It was already in the last hour and a half where the ship was
sinking, so I didn't really pay attention when I watched it (I was on
the computer at the same time). The next day I turned it on when it was
being re-ran, only to find it shortly in the same sinking scene.About a month ago, I was looking through the TV guide and saw that it
was going to be on TV. When it came on, I sat and watched it the entire
thing. When it was on again the next day, I watched again, left
awestruck. How incredibly glad I am that I finally did watch it.
Watching Titanic for me isn't just to see a ship sink. It's a way to
escape reality, and be taken back to 1912. Leonardo DiCaprio (Jack
Dawson) and Kate Winslet (Rose DeWitt Bukater) have chemistry unlike
anyone i've ever seen, no lie. Jack and Rose may just be "Star Crossed
Lovers" to some. I however, see them as more. Watching Leo and Kate act
makes me forget where I am, what i'm doing, and not notice anyone
around me. They're the reason i'm drawn to the movie. They're the
reason why Titanic is what it is today, 10 years later.Rose is a 1st class girl being taken over to America to marry Cal
Hockley. But, she is also upset with her life and wants to break free
of feeling like a slave, and accomplish her own dreams. 3rd class Jack
Dawson sketches people and wanders around on the streets, taking life
as it comes at him. After Jack convinces Rose not to jump off the back
of Titanic, they get closer and closer throughout the movie and fall in
love. As you watch the 2 fall in love, it makes me want to jump in the
screen, and actually be on Titanic despite it's fate. It makes me want
to experience the chaos of a sinking ship or the touch of the icy
water.Titanic makes me reflect on how I want to live my life; Of how I want
to travel, try new things, meet people like Jack Dawson, and love
someone how he and Rose did, even if it is for a brief period of time.
I have seen many great movies in my life, but Titanic fits into its own
category unlike the others. Jack and Rose have earned a spot in my life
and I honestly give so much emotion when I say Titanin is a truly
amazing adventure of tragedy and love, but never worth missing.
			
I was forced to watch this by my wife. She loves sad romantic movies
but I prefer action and violence movies. I know the plot and most of
the characters are fake but I tell ya, I cried my eyes out. Here I am a
200lb "tough guy" but this movie brought me to my knees. I don't care
what others say, I say all the acting was perfect and the movie is the
greatest I think I have ever seen. I hate Celene Dion but her song in
this movie was a perfect match and a masterpiece! When this movie comes
on TV like it did tonight, even though I have the DVD I still watch it
live on TV. It's one of those movies that, if you see it on, you gotta
watch it again. I used to be in the Navy and believe me, they are right
about the water when it's that cold and what it does to your body. It's
a sad horrific way to die. I feel for those people on the ship and wish
it never happened. Human tragedy is an awful thing and Cameron does a
perfect job of bringing that home to all of us. Rest in peace to all
that were on the RMS Titanic.
			
Titanic is one of the greatest motion picture about love that I've seen
through these years. It gives the audience about a imaginary romance
which won't be happened in the real world, the love of a rich and a
poor, through life and death. I believe this is the main reason for
people to watch it.The reason that I give Titanic for 10 stars is because every part of
this movie is excellent. It don't rely much on props but attractive,
striking scenes. For my favorite scene of it is, of course, when
Titanic crashed on the iceberg and passengers started to try to escape
from Titanic. It is my most memorable moment. I even can't get my eyes
out of the screen.I watched Titanic for 3 or 4 times in about 3 years. Although I watched
several times, I was still touched by the romantic story of Jack and
Rose. I really wish that it can happen in my life.
			
Oh, The best movie ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The best of the best
acting!!!!!!!!! Wonderful costumes and sets!!! The songs make part of
the movie the best; They fit in perfectly!!!!!!!!!! I'm a fan of this
kind of movie!!!!!!!!! Everything was just simply beautiful!!!!!!!!!! I
recommend this to everyone who ever lived!! It doesn't get corny like
other love stories do; The trauma and tragedy makes the movie have
suspense. Will Rose and Jack live or die, you'll be asking yourself the
whole time!!!!!!!!! I just simply loved every bit of
it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Good Job Kate Winslet and Leonardo DicaproMonica (:
			
(Contains spoilers)Everyone predicted disaster for Titanic prior to its release. However,
contrary to what people anticipated, Titanic went on to capture the
hearts and imagination of the world. The immense success of Titanic
resulted in many thinking Titanic is now, "overrated" and some have
gone as far to claim Titanic is the, "worst movie ever created". This
backlash against Titanic is primarily driven by one of two factors,
jealously and many becoming tired of "Titanic-mania" accompanied by a
desire to be different from the norm. Obviously these reasons cloud the
judgment of most of its critics and I plan to set the record straight. When Titanic was released the world was in the first years of the
Internet craze. Everyone was becoming desensitized to human tragedy and
was wasting their lives away online. However, when Titanic was released
it struck a cord with the entire planet. It reminded everyone that any
day could be your last and that you must live each day to the fullest.
This is primarily what captivated the hearts and minds of the entire
world. Titanic was released at the very moment the world needed a
reality-check. It showed us through this brilliantly crafted film that
there is still a need for love and compassion and that our world is
still filled with human tragedy, not just computers. For that alone,
this movie must go down in history as one of the greatest movies ever
created. Another primary reason why Titanic is a phenomenal film is the
well-acted love story between Jack and Rose. The love story created an
emotional doorway to the tragedy that occurred that night. As a viewer
you began to care for the characters. Through this you felt the
feelings of those who lost their lives and loved ones on this fatal
shipwreck. Having these lovers come from different social classes also
allowed the viewers to see the mentality of 1912 through two different
perspectives. It gave the audience insight into how man thought they
were above Mother Nature, how women were expected to behave and how
lower classes were treated inhumanly. The love story was crucial to
telling the full story of Titanic. Titanic has several others qualities that set it apart from other
films. Firstly, the amazing music, which set the tone for each scene
perfectly. Secondly, the outstanding cinematography that gave a variety
of different angles shown in a unique fashion, which thus allowed you
to feel that you were actually aboard the ship. Thirdly, the impeccable
sets and costumes gave an extremely authentic feel to the movie.
Fourthly, Titanic included many interesting facts throughout the film,
such as not having enough lifeboats for all its passengers, increasing
more speed regardless of ice warnings, telling us how many people were
saved from the freezing waters and other numerous facts and figures.
Finally, the ending tied everything together perfectly with Rose doing
everything she promised Jack and eventually dying warm in her bed,
while her soul returns to Titanic. Cameron's film was flawless for it blended past and present perfectly,
while telling the story of Titanic in its entirety. This film deserves
the 11 Oscars it received (including Best Picture) and achieving the
worldwide position of the 3rd highest grossing film of all time
(inflation included). Those who tell you Titanic is undeserving are
flat out wrong. Titanic revived what was lacking in the new age of the
Internet and reminded us that we must make each and every day count.
			
The critics had the knives out for James Cameron's masterpiece long
before its release. They were going to criticise its for being too
long, too boring, badly acted, Badly directed etc. But when Cameron
released this film (about a subject that has been a lifelong
fascination of mine and his) the critics were silenced and the film did
all the talking.And boy did it talk! It become the first film in history to make 1
billion dollars and no other film has quite caught the publics
imagination like it. It tells a simple story set against the backdrop
of the biggest maritime disaster yet. Rose Dewitt Bukater (kate
winslet) is unhappily boarding the titanic with her overtly snobby
partner Cal (Billy Zane) and her family and while attempting suicide
meets Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio) and straightaway falls in love
with him as though he is from a different class he shows her a
different more enjoyable life than the one she is having with Cal.Titanic shows you triumph over disaster in all its shapes and forms.
Titanic is also a story about the great class divide which used to
exist (some people say it still does) and though you know the outcome
watching this film for the 1st time or the hundredth time doesn't fail
to intrigue. Although factually incorrect in parts (especially in the
case of officer William Murdoch who despite his portrayal in the film
as a bad guy who shot himself actually was a good guy who went down
with the ship) this is the most true adaptation of this story. It won
11 Oscars in 1998 (equalling the haul of all about eve and Ben hur!)
including the biggie, best picture and has won universal praise from
cinema-goers but not so from some of those critics who have largely
lambasted it (showing once and for all that there is a world of
difference between critic and cinema goer) the acting (particularly
from DiCaprio, Winslet and Zane) is exemplary and earns titanic the
film as much a place in history as the event itself. A modern
masterpiece.
			
When i was a young child, Titanic had just come out in theaters and i
loved Leonardo DiCaprio to death-although i only managed to watch the
first half of the movie because i was only six years old....so i
thought I would catch up on my movies a few days ago and i pressed play
on the VCR (oldschool right? mind you i was watching it in FULLSCREEN,
which made me furious..) Anywho, The first half starts off slow, the
second half did make me cry-but still! that doesn't mean its a good
movie. Anywho, the end sucked-period. beginning was okay-not the best
thing ever. I swear there was enough room on that wood thing for both
jack and rose to lay on...its ALL ROSE'S FAULT JACK DIED!!!!!!!!!! that
made me mad, sorry. it was kind of dull-only a few good
scenes...COUGH!*Leo in tux*COUGH! thus, leaving me very disappointed
with the movie I used to be obsessed with in first grade..oh how
foolish I was..(i swear that DiCaprio..)
			
I first saw this movie when I was nine years old (I am now twelve). I
think that some parts of it were difficult for me to understand three
years ago, but now I can see this movie very clearly as a masterpiece.It all starts in the middle of the ocean. A team of men are working to
try to hoist long-lost treasures out of the Titanic, a ship that
contained many treasures belonging to wealthy passengers. Nothing is
found - apart from a drawing of a young woman. The men investigate the
drawing closer, and manage to find the woman in it, who tells the story
of her experiences on Titanic.Rose DeWitt Bukater is a young, beautiful and wealthy woman, travelling
back to America with her mother and fianc, Cal Hockley. She detests
everything about her life, as all her mother and companions think about
is money. She see's no way out of this trap - until she meets Jack
Dawson; a poor and talented American artist, who instantly falls in
love with her. At first, Rose is hesitant and slightly icy towards
Jack, but then realises that she loves him too. This causes immediate
feuding between Jack and Cal, which seems unstoppable.Just as Rose and Jack's relationship starts to blossom, a major
disaster sticks upon the Titanic. A disaster that cannot be helped.Excellent and memorable acting is given from all of the main characters
- particularly Kate Winslet as Rose, and Leonardo DiCaprio as Jack. I
have to admit, I can't watch this movie a single time without crying;
it is very emotional with some very sad scenes. Very beautiful, yet
sad. I would recommend this movie to everyone between the ages of 9
onwards. No-one should miss out of this top-class drama, that holds
many records. **********
			
Hello...I want to say that TITANIC is one of the best movies I've EVER seen and
that I'm not ashamed what people thinks about me because of it.. My
tastes are not bad.. it's just everyone has different points of view
and not all likes the same thing..there will always be people who like and dislike something and if you
ask for an answer they WILL tell you that it's because they don't like
those movies.. As an example is TITANIC.. Lots of people hate that
movie (most of them boys) cause it has something they don't like or
simply feel ashamed of accept.. (I AM TELLING THAT CAUSE HERE WHERE I
LIVE IT'S THE CASE) boys will never accept they like a romance movie
cause they think their friends are gonna laugh of it.. I do like the
movie and it's my favorite also.. the 2nd that i like is BRAVEHEART..well, that's all what i say for now.. take care you all! ;)
			
I LOVE the Titanic. It's simply the best movie EVER. I'm a TOTAL
Titanic buff, and I just love the way James Cameron portrays the
Titanic. I always cry whenever I see it, even though I've seen it
probably hundreds of times before. Its a magnificent movie and it was
#1 in the box office for 3 months straight. If you haven't seen it,
you're missing out on A LOT. A bit of Titanic trivia: In the movie,
when Jack draws Rose, the hands are those of James Cameron, the
director and drawer of the picture. When Jack mentions ice fishing to
Rose, it can't be possible... the reason why is because he mentions a
man-made lake in Wisconsin that wasn't built until 1918, after the
Titanic sank.
			
Titanic...wow! This is my favourite movie ever! Why?...well it's
simple. It has everything I have ever looked for in a film. Great story
(inspired from a true story-even better), cool characters, witty lines,
touching ending and - on top of everything - an extraordinary love
story. The story all in all is believable and only an insensitive
person wouldn't empathize with the characters and feel their pain. I am
also very fond of the soundtrack of the film "My Heart Will Go On" by
Celine Dion. I think that the song captures the essence of the film and
is appropriate for the love story between the two characters (Jack and
Rose). Titanic is an impressive movie, which will never seize to amaze me.
Moreover, I think that the Oscars (all of them) are more than
well-deserved. This film is a must-see for all those who haven't yet
watched it... I especially recommend it two romantic person who are
into heart-breaking-romances. Enjoy! My vote: 10/10
			
The movie is wonderful. That's all I can say. I recommend that you
watch this. It made me cry, it made me laugh, but it just - overall -
was wonderful. That is basically the only word to describe it. A poor
guy, Jack Dawson, falls in love with a rich woman, Rose DeWitt Bukater.
Rose is forced to marry a rich man, Cal Hockley by her mother. Rose, of
course, doesn't love him back, but more likely loves Jack. She doesn't
realize this until the scene where they are at the front of the boat
and she is "flying." Throughout the movie, Rose and Jack's love
blossoms into a beautiful romance. Her mother is mad, and her fiance
is furious, but Jack and Rose don't care, but rather love each other
more. Jack has nothing to offer Rose, and he knows it. That's all I can
say without getting too detailed. Basically, every part of this film
was wonderful. It was delicate and it was sad. I recommend that you
watch this. If you like sad and romance, this is definitely a movie for
you. I usually don't like sad movies, but this movie has turned me to
it, instead against it. To tell the tale short, it's my favorite movie,
and I'm sure it's many other's too.
			
if any movie deserved to win an all time best movie ever in the history
of the world it should be this one. when i saw it the very first time i
cried my eyes out. even now when i watch it for the thousandth time i
cry just as hard. i couldn't even imagine how rose must have felt
throughout the whole movie. i know i certainly couldn't have handled
even half the stuff she went through. i wish everyone in the world
could see this. i think this movie really brings up a crucial point
up..How far or to what extent would you go for someone you loved????
would you give up a seat on the last lifeboat just to be with someone
you loved?? would u risk losing everything you had money, family, even
a rich husband to be with someone u loved like Rose did.i recommend
this movie for all married couples, dating couples, or even a girls
sleepover.
			
I have seen many movies in my life and I can tell a good movie from a
bad one. As soon as I saw TITANIC I knew it was the best movie ever
made! I enjoyed it tremendously and I can see it as many times as I
want. I also love the acting of Kate and Leo. The music in the movie
really touches your heart and to tell the truth, I believe the people
who say this movie is terrible are uncomfortable because there is
romance, when romance is the best part of any story! Anyone's life
sooner or later will be touched with love and you can't deny that.
TITANIC is only an example of how powerful love can truly be! I believe
it is a great movie and I am sure I am not the only one as you can see
it is a hit that is going to be remembered throughout the years and
will never be forgotten!!!
			

that is, by you IMDb voters. You seem to be the only people in the world to
think this movie isn't great. This film is a masterpiece, which belongs in
your top 250. It's the only 3 hour  movie that doesn't bore me. In fact, no
one in the cinema seemed bored when i saw it. If you think that this movie
is silly because of the dialogue, it's obvious you're all forgetting that
this movie was made to entertain! It's the same thing with star wars: it's
sort of a fable, and the dialogue is much cheesier than that of this film.
It has great music, great special effects, great sound and fantastic
cinematography. It was definitely the best picture of 1997, and Kate should
have won the best actress award. 
			
Warning: may be some small spoilers.I have always been a James Cameron fan. He is really one of the only
directors I can say that has never made a bad film. Even his Piranha 2
was humorous and a fine effort coming from such a young director with a
small budget. He has made, from what I can recall, two masterpieces
(Aliens and Terminator 2) a genre pioneer (Terminator) and one of the
best action movies to come out in the 90's ( True Lies ) and an
ambitious touching film ( The Abyss ). But now he has outdone himself
with Titanic. I don't think there has ever been a film that has taken
me through such a wide array of emotions as this one. And that is all
attributed to Cameron. He wrote, produced and directed this film. And
it is one of the best films ever made.We all know the story of Titanic. A great ship sets sail for the U.S.
from the U.K. and along the way it sinks and many people lost their
lives in the Atlantic somewhere near Newfoundland. So there is no need
to retell those events documentary style. A Night To Remember is there
for that purpose. So what Cameron's Titanic does is tells the tale of
fictitious characters blended in with real ones amidst the real events
of the sinking. And it not only makes the film entertaining, it shows
the sheer horror of what happened that night and makes you more
sympathetic to the characters because you spend three hours with them.
This is a brilliant, brilliant film.To start with, the actors are perfect. Not just DiCaprio and Winslet,
but everyone from Zane and Bates right down to Paxton as the present
day treasure hunter. But it is Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio that
are the true stars here as it the two of them that have to carry the
load and make us care about them. And we do. We can feel them falling
in love. We can feel the helpless emotions that Jack feels when he is
trying to tell Rose that he loves her the day of the sinking. It is
their relationship that is a great strength of the film.Next, what has to be mentioned is the score by James Horner. Very few
times has a motion picture had a score that symbolized the sheer
hopelessness and tragedy that is on screen. But here Horner has a
perfect and somber piece of music that will bring tears to your eyes,
especially when lives and love are lost.Also, the whole scope of the film is one of tragedy. It is a tragic
love story, a tragic story of refugees trying to make a better life for
themselves and have it all end abruptly with a giant piece of ice. It
is a sad look at bureaucracy and wealth and how it can manipulate and
control many things.But most importantly, this is a love story and an inspirational
tearjerker. Rose and Jack fall fast and hard and it doesn't matter that
they are from different worlds. Love sees no boundaries. If it is
there, nothing can stop it. Not even death.Titanic is perfect in every sense. And as a guy, it is my duty not to
cry in movies. I know how ridiculously old fashioned that sounds but it
is true. We just aren't supposed to. But I left my testosterone at the
door and when I finally let go, I found myself brought to tears as the
scenes of children clinging for life in the frigid waters would be
enough to bring the strongest man to tears. Cameron has manipulated us
to perfection here and even if you find the romance to be embellished
(which I don't) to watch this film and know that this happened, is a
sad and disturbing reality. Few films have ever done this to me. Few
have ever made me feel such a connection to the characters. Titanic
does, and by the end of the film, you feel like you know the people of
Titanic like they were your long lost relatives. And one final note: I can't understand how anyone could not enjoy the
film, that's just me. But I know that what moves some does nothing for
others. But the backlash towards this film is not necessary. Not every
film has to be Ramboesque. Not every film has to be filled with
explosions. I am not opposed to those films, I actually love many of
them, but I am also prone to well written stories, whether they are
love stories or not. Those who criticize this film need to realize that
there is a market for this. The gross for this film and the
demographics it appealed to confirm that.As for the comment made earlier about those of us that enjoyed it being
teens and have never seen a film before 1990, well I am 27, my brother
is 24, my mom is 50 something and my grandmother is in her 80's. And we
all loved it. So keep that in mind. And a film does not gross 2 BILLION
dollars by having only teens see it.This is as good as a film gets!One final note. The SE DVD finally came out and it was worth the wait.
The transfer is beautiful and if you are like me and love DVD's so you
can access the special features, then this disc is for you. The
commentary alone by Cameron makes the disc worth spending your money
on. Cameron doesn't do a lot of commentaries, but the ones he does are
perhaps the most insightful commentaries out there. Titanic, he outdoes
himself. I really recommend everyone who loves this film to get the SE
DVD and just sti back for 3 hours and listen to what he has to say.
			
Over the years, it seems that people love to hate Titanic. Despite it's
11 Oscars and the fact that it is one of the largest ever box office
successes(I think 5th, adjusting for inflation), over the years its
almost as if its cool to hate Titanic. That the love story and the
characters are clich and soppy and the story is completely
unrealistic. That only romantic, love-obsessed girls would watch it and
cry about how they'll never get a man as gorgeous as Leonardio
DiCaprio. The 'draw me like one of your French girls' is probably one
of the most made fun of scenes in a movie that I've ever heard. These
people fail to realize that Titanic is a movie. It's not supposed to be
realistic - it shows a blown up, exaggerated version of reality to
capture our imagination and our hearts. And it succeeds impressively.
Leonardo DiCaprio is good, but not his best (watch The Departed or Wolf
of Wall Street for Leo's acting abilities). Kate Winslet was probably
slightly better. But the magic about Titanic is the story and the
directing. From the beginning, the characters captivate you. They are
not superficial - in contrary, they have flaws and advantages, just
like everyone else. The movie is long but the pace is not slow. Every
scene is necessary and Cameron does a great job in making us want this
couple to make it. I don't need to mention that the music is
exceptional, complimenting the atmosphere perfectly. The effects are
good and very realistic (it shows that Cameron actually visited the
Titanic before filming). Most of all, it is apparent that this movie is
an epic. I definitely consider it as one of the best love stories of
recent time. It is a little clich and a little soppy, but I promise
you won't regret watching it. So ignore the haters and go and enjoy it
for what it is: a romantic drama with amazing characters, music,
directing and background. Even if you hate it, at least you'll be able
to laugh about it with your friends!
			
I saw this movie again and again & noticed more and more dedication and
love for this movie..Titanic's central aspect is the love story between Jack and Rose, and
the crush it has on Cal. The romantic story isn't original, but this is
not a bad thing. Cameron re-invents the story to fit the time period
and its characters. Everything fits perfectly, with nothing ever
seeming contrived or awkward. Jack's immediate interest in Rose, and
Rose likewise, is completely understandable. She is suffering
emotionally, and Jack is there to support her. Themes from Romeo and
Juliet are included, such as Rose being an upper-classman, and Jack
being lower class. But the emotional connection between Rose and Jack
is almost palpable, and this fuels the film's first two hours. We watch
the trials of Jack and Rose, and as they overcome them, the ship comes
closer to destiny. With a ship as large as the Titanic was, it was
destined to crash. And of course, the ship isn't stocked with enough
lifeboats to accommodate the 2,200 passengers. In the end, over 700
people survive, while the rest drown, freeze, or commit suicide. The resolution of the film, after the ship's gone under, is just as
powerful as anything else in the movie. It ends rather surprisingly,
with a touching symbolic conclusion. Most films end predictably, or
inappropriately, but Titanic ends just on the right note. In fact, the
symbolism of the final scene is so perfect, that many people will
contemplate over the meaning for months. The film does end rather
depressingly, and unexpectedly, but when you think about it, it
couldn't have ended any other way. All the questions are answered, and
we are left with a weak smile due to the intense situation we were just
put through. The Titanic sinking is an emotional roller coaster, with
many more realistic deaths than any Independence Day. The death scenes
are so realistic, that you find yourself caring for every single
passenger. Cameron never compromises the integrity of his film, and the
deaths of the passengers is never overemphasized. He doesn't linger on
each death, but takes it as it comes to show us the realism without
trying to force emotions out of the audience. But emotions do show, and
almost anyone will find themselves wiping away a few tears. Hats off for this masterpiece..!
			
I have to say, when it comes to romantic flicks, people seem to go to
extremes (and I admit, I've done it too, giving Titanic a ten). It
seems you either love it with a vengeance and woe betide anyone who
doesn't agree, or you hate it so passionately you would happily murder
the poor actors and actresses simply for appearing in it.This is ridiculous. While I do enjoy the film, I have no problems with
people who didn't, and if they dislike the romance then that's their
opinion, which they're entitled to. Seriously, why turn it into
something? Personally speaking, this is still one of my favourite
films, and I saw it years after it came out (as always) so the success
had ebbed away. But unlike so many, I didn't go with expectations. All
those people who went for a documentary on the disaster, or endless
shots of old Leo... I saw it without expecting anything. I didn't give
a monkeys about DiCaprio, I knew next to nothing about the actual
disaster, and I was simply hoping it deserved its record-breaking 11
Academy Awards. And I thought it did, frankly.The acting was top-notch, the music was wonderful, the visuals were
stunning. While the romance was indeed stereotypical and contrived (and
I gave this a ten), it was still pulled off excellently, and I really
did feel for the character, which is a mark of a good film. I don't
think that the ending spoilt the film, which many people think it did.
I am not saying that they are wrong, or that I am right, because that's
not true. It's about opinions. I just thought it was a nice touch - a
sort of backhanded happy ending to round off an otherwise rather
depressing Now-they'll-never-see-each-other-again scenario. I thought
the film had many, many memorable moments, and the disaster itself was
not downplayed - it fitted smoothly around the romance, which
incidentally helped to give a sense of perspective to the whole thing.
Many couples really will have been torn apart that night, albeit
probably not from different classes. The sheer drama unfolding
on-screen cannot really be questioned. It can be disliked, of course.
But it is good acting nevertheless.
			
I must say I'm surprised at the low IMDb rating of 7.3 and that there
are a lot of negative reviews on this website. But compared with
millions loving this and winner of 11 academy awards, those voices of
discontent against this film are left in the shade. Arguably for me
James Cameron's greatest film. Titanic is a true epic of colossal
scale. The acting is brilliant particularly with Leonardo Decaprio and
Kate Winslet as Jack and Rose. They light up the screen as the two
lovers separated by social class but not love. There romance is so
beautifully depicted that you can't help but smile. The romantic story
set aside the sinking is flawlessly intertwined.Though the film is in two parts the romance and the sinking the first
hour and a half gives you the chance to come to know these two
characters and others like nasty Cal Hockley (Billy Zane) and LoveJoy
(David Warner) who play there parts excellently well with great support
from Kathy Bates who plays the lively Molly Brown. There are some
beautiful and forever memorable scenes between Jack and Rose when Jack
first sees her, the third class party, when they kiss on the bow of the
ship, Jack painting her naked, when they make love in the car and when
they are both in the water after the ship has sunk and Jack dies. All
these scenes and others are amazing. The music score by James Horner is
hauntingly beautiful and sombre and made me cry when you see the full
sinking in all it's horror.And you do James Cameron depicts everything showing not just the
sinking from Jack and Roses perspective but different people in
different parts of the ship as they scream desperately for help. So you
end up caring not just for the main characters but all the small cameo
roles played by hundreds of people. Morality questions are raised about
how things were handled by white star liner. These are haunting images
that burn in your mind and stay with you long after. The most haunting
scene is when loads of passengers are in the water and when most of
them had died. The cameras focusing on one of the lifeboats coming back
is the ethereal feel of a mythic force. Cameron creates suspense and
tension at whether the two lovers will survive and you just deeply care
about them. The costumes and ship itself look simply magnificent and
are a wonder to look at. The end scene as well where the old Rose dies
in her sleep and has the happy memory of marrying Jack on Titanic and
when he dies in the water made me cry my eyes out and is one of the
best scenes I have ever seen in film. Titanic is a epic film and James Cameron has shown this disaster in all
it's horror and is a tribute to the victims of this tragedy. In 2012
there has been a rumour that he is going to re-release the film in 3D.
It will be even more incredible no doubt (he proved that with Avatar)
but it's the storytelling,which will recapture the myth of this
fascinating tale that has been told throughout world generations. Even
now as one reviewer Baybee from Austrailia quotes about Titanic the
film."This would have to be one of the most wonderful films of the 20th
century and one that will never be forgotten"I couldn't have put it better myself. Even after watching this time
after time the film still has that powerful impact of making me feel
sad. Truly remarkable.
			
This is an INCREDIBLE movie. Every bit of it was beautifully shot, and
the accuracies to the look of the actual Titanic were miraculously on
point. This movie is, in one word, iconic. Everyone knew the Titanic,
and now everyone knows this movie. It is arguably one of the most
famous love stories of all time, and although the concept is tired:
rich girl meets poor boy, they can't be together, etc., the fact that
they are aboard the infamous RMS Titanic is reason enough to consider
it different. Every scene is gorgeously picturesque, and makes for some
of the most memorable movie moments ever. The actors are also great, and the characters really make this story.
Although Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet aren't quite yet at their
prime in their most famous movie, they play these characters
convincingly and with a lot of heart. You feel for them every step of
the way, and DiCaprio and Winslet have a chemistry that simply can't be
matched. You can tell how much they care about each other as people,
and that translates into a fiercely protective, emotionally powerful
romance on screen. Overall, this movie is one of the best out there. Its length (around
three hours) may bother some people, but it never feels tedious to
watch. James Cameron is an impeccable director that looks to make every
detail perfect, and some of the small, seemingly insignificant scenes
he added were a few of the most moving of the entire film. Titanic is a
passionate, beautiful story of a doomed love that will keep your heart
racing and your tears flowing until the very end.
			
Every once in a while a film is released that is thought to be "once in
a lifetime" or "once in a generation". Titanic is so much more. There
will never be another film like Titanic. This film is utterly
phenomenal.I can't believe it when so many people regard this film as "the worst
movie of all time" these days. If this was the case, would it have won
11 Academy awards? Would it be the highest grossing film of all time
(after 11 years and counting)? Absolutely not. Could this be the
greatest film in cinematic history? In my opinion, absolutely yes.Every aspect of this film is utter perfection. The fact that James
Cameron managed to weave a tragic love story with the tragedy of
Titanic is impressive. But including several historic characters and
making the sinking and events of Titanic so close to what actually
happened in 1912 is amazing. The unfair treatment of the 3rd class
passengers, the lack of lifeboats, the harsh shipmen, the way that the
closest boat was four hours away. And Cameron doesn't just achieve
this. The story he creates is simply breath taking.This film is far more than simply a love story. It is a work of art and
one of the reasons for this is the characters and their respective
actors. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet as Jack and Rose are
incredible. As are all of the other actors and their characters in this
film. Unlike in most films where it is easy to shake off any emotions
as you know that it isn't real, in this film they seem so real, on a
personal level. And what other better evidence is there to support this
than the countless cinemas filled with people crying and mourning Jacks
death and the beautiful ending of the film, as well as so many other
scenes. You care about the characters. And this could only be achieved
by fantastic acting, directing and characterisation. The dialogue is
fantastic too, despite some of the criticism. Although some of you are
failing to realise Cameron wanted to try to resemble the people of
1912. Of course it had to be kept modern as well so that the audience
could relate to it.For the time the film was made, the graphics and effects were
astounding and even though today they may look unrealistic compared to
recent films, they still look incredible. The break up and sinking of
titanic is spell binding. It sends shivers down the spine. And the
sequences of water flooding titanic is incredible. As much as effects
might look more realistic these days, nothing will ever compare to what
we see in titanic. And the fact that all of this actually happened
makes the film even more upsetting.The directing of this film is perfection. James Cameron may have
directed some great films in his time but Titanic over shadows anything
any director has done. It is utterly flawless. It is epic in every
proportion. It is simply colossal.And then there's the music score. Composed by James Horner it is
utterly epic, beautiful and works perfectly. The motifs that are
repeated throughout the film get stuck in your mind and they work so
well in creating the emotion of the film. Without this score, Titanic
would be no where near as incredible as it is.Of course we must not forget the modern day aspect of the film, with
the elderly rose who tells the story in a modern day framing device.
The extra beauty of the film is how although the story is tragic, it is
revealed that rose did everything she and Jck talked about and that she
kept every promise she made to him, including dying an old lady in her
warm bed at the end of the film. The ending of the film is the most
beautiful ending scene ever, with her and Jack being reunited in what
can be perceived as the afterlife as Rose's soul returns too the
titanic.Overall, Titanic isn't one in a million. It isn't once in a lifetime or
even once in a millennium. There will NEVER be anything like it.
nothing as moving, as epic, as beautiful as this wonderful film. It is
flawless. It is perfection. And half of the people these days that
dismiss it are without a doubt, some of the people who sat in those
movies theaters in 1997/1998 and cried. And loved this movie. They are
too afraid to admit it.There have been some incredible films over the years.. the godfather,
the shawshank redemption and many more that have been recognised on
this website. But as good as they are, they cannot possibly compare to
how phenomenal this film really is. The fact that it isn't in the IMDb
top 250 is quite sad to be honest. It really is the greatest film ever
made.
			
I really don't understand why people hate Titanic. On a pure technical
level, it was groundbreaking, the span and width of an epic film was
faceted in this film. There's a reason why it won 11 Academy Awards and
is still the most grossing film unadjusted for inflation. If movie
tickets had been the same price as it was in 1997/98, The Dark Knight
would have to make $900 million dollars to catch up to the amount of
tickets Titanic sold.The success of Titanic was not because of schoolgirls fawning over a
story of lost love. That is a delusion. When people think of Titanic
now, they feel embarrassed because they fell in love with the movie
when it came out, but now, for some reason, deem it too corny. It
deserves everything and anything it got, award and money-wise.82 percent on Rotten Tomatoes, yet an incredibly unfair 7.2 on IMDb.
James Cameron fans know that both his dream projects Battle Angel
(2010?) and Avatar (2009) would have never come in to fruition if it
wasn't for Titanic.Titanic is big, bold, touchingly uncynical film-making. Was it the
acting that made it fail? No. Leo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are doing
mighty fine in terms of their careers. Was it the story? Old-fashioned
story-telling was the highlight of many top critics, according to RT.
And to many people, though they may be reluctant to say it, had their
tear ducts on full mode at the end of the movie.Watch it again, and this time without your preconceived bias and
prejudice. Watch it with a clean slate, and you will realize that the
talk is really just.. talk.Till the day I die, I will defend this incredibly clever, classy and
colossal piece of epic cinema. I can't bear to see it wither away like
this.Titanic will forever be in my top movies list.
			
Since this movie was released in December 1997, i became crazy about
this movie. the feeling of the people about 96 years ago, the heart
wrenching sadness and the mega disaster of the 20th century is shown in
this movie. the romantic tale of Jack Dawson and Rose Dewitt Bukater is
clearly shown in this movie.the story is a first grade story. the
recreation of the mega disaster. the stunts, the breaking of the proud
liner adds grandeur to the movie. the movie was mostly done is water.
but the contribution of james horner is much more. the slow music
creates much magnification to many scenes. even now when i hear the
music, it reminds me of the that night when 1500 perished in that
night. no other movie can ever take its place.it is so called- the king
of movies.
			
Every once and while there is a film that sweeps the movie critics, and
audiences off their feet, one of the greatest examples would be this
film. It hits every emotion the human body can produce, and then some.
It bleeds through your mind and heart, the moment the film starts. It
has the perfect mixture of love, romance, tragedy, humor, excitement,
and adventure, without exploiting or going over the top. This film
showcases love can withstand anything, and will break through barriers
big or small, and has a very unique message that says their is beauty
and happiness through great tragedy, and that heartbreak and loss can
only make you stronger. The film is epic, and has beautiful
cinematography, with lush costumes, Oscar worthy performances,
breathtaking special effects, a very universal story that any country
could understand, and has a score that not only sound gorgeous, but
contributes to the story. Through out my life their are very few films
that stick out, and remind me of the very first time I saw that movie,
on a scale from one to ten, this would be a twenty. And is one of the
three films to receive eleven Oscars, major ones including Best
Picture, Director, Editing, Score, Special Effects, and Cinematography,
Art Direction, Costume Design, Sound Effects, Sound, Song, and received
three nominations, including Best Actress in a Leading Role, Best
Actress in a Supporting Role, and Best Makeup.
			
An absolutely terrific film. I saw it when it first came out in the
theater and loved it. Breathtaking, romantic, epic and terribly sad.My only gripe with the film is the ending. Granted, I understand it
makes more dramatic sense for Jack to die, but the reason he dies is so
stupid. He tries to get on the door with Rose and it starts to sink.
So, he gallantly allows her to stay on the door while he freezes to
death in the Atlantic.Um ... could you try balancing on either end? Here Rose, you sit on
this end, and I'll sit on the other. Let's just try it. Maybe it won't
work, but it's better than prying my dead, frozen hands off the door at
the end of the film. Or hey, maybe I'll swim around for a few minutes
and see if I can find another piece of debris to float on. It's just
dumb that neither of these options occur to them.Again, I get the reasons why, for the story's sake, Jack must die. It
just doesn't make any sense outside the dramatic impetus.Otherwise, terrific film. I could see it again and again without
getting tired of it.
			
I fell in love with this movie the first time I saw it. But what I
sometimes get annoyed at (and Man in the Iron Mask had the exact same
problem) is that everyone is oohing and awwing at Leo's hotness when
they don't realize the philosophy behind it. The real message of this
movie is that if we knew what would happen tomorrow, there would be no
point in living. We just have to take things as they come because there
is no predicting what tomorrow will hold. So basically, caution is
life's curse. Another philosophical message of this movie which is also
political is that we have no control over the lives we're born into. We
just have to make the best of them. I love this movie and I wish others
would appreciate it the same way that I do.
			
Let me preface this by saying I don't like "chick flicks". While
Titanic does fall into this category, it also transcends it. It is a
smartly crafted (having the present day scientist explain exactly what
happens to the ship, so we as audience members are not confused later),
well acted, and expertly edited masterpiece. There is no need for me to
go into the story, as we all know it by now. I truly believe that the
ones that hate this movie are self indulgent, wanna-be rebels who would
hate anything if it didn't fit into their version of what "real" art
should be (ie. cheap, not made for the masses). These people are as
closed minded as racist KKK members.
			
Titanic, the highest grossing movie of all time, is also quite possibly
the greatest movie of all time. The story of the fatal April 1912
voyage of the quote-unquote "unsinkable" Titanic is told here with
mastery and real present time footage. The beginning of the film is
narrated by Gloria Stuart (playing the part of old Rose with superb
detail and presence). She tells a Titanic recovery team about her
experience on the ship on that night. After that is when the movie
officially begins.Titanic helped launch the career's of its two main stars: Leonardo
DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. Jack Dawson (DiCaprio) is a poor English boy
traveling across to the United States, mostly for the thrill of the
ship, but also to be able to earn some money. Rose Bukater (Winslet) is
a rich English girl who is only on the Titanic because her mother and
father are traveling to America. Dawson and Bukater meet on the bow of
the ship and are together throughout the film until the very end.It's hard to write a review for a movie that simply can not be
described in words. The movie may just seem like a typical love story
with a major trap, but it is so much more. James Cameron is truly the
best director around. To be able to tell a simple story with such a
masterful presence like this is remarkable. The movie will get you
emotionally involved (at least it did for me). You don't just watch
Titanic, you experience it first hand.
			
i love this movie.. and anyone who doesn't is crazy, when it first came
out it was pretty much the movie everyone talked about. its filled with
many laughs, tears, ups and downs, its pretty much has it all. and the
special effects are great, and so is the acting. It was sort of the
breakout movie for Leonardo and Kate, and i feel they did a great job
along with all the other actors and actress's. May i also mention the
incredible score by James Horner is amazing. And what i don't
understand is why some people love to hate this movie, the people who
walked into this movie and already decided they were going to analyze
every flaw should have never even saw it in the first place, because
there really just ruining it for everybody else. i give this move a 10
out a 10 and i think most people would agree that it definitely
deserved to win the Oscar that year for best picture, its an
unforgettable movie that everyone should see
			
I thought this movie was unbelievably great. I say unbelievably because
I'm all into sci fi, comedy, and action adventure movies. I always
disliked dramas and romances. However, this movie moved me in like a
trillion different ways. So i never thought I'd like it and I didn't. I
loved it! OK, Leonardo DeCaprio. I had honestly never seen one of his
movies. I think he was amazing and he should have been Anakin Skywalker
in starwars II/III. Nice.Kate Winslet did fantastic and her character grew throughout the movie
from the snobby brat to the down to earth person she became. I thought
she was perfect for the role.I highly recommend this movie its very well put together, the sound
track is amazing, I can't get that song out of my head! I saw it about
15 minutes ago and I'm still affected. Wowz.10/10 hands down to the bottom of the sea!William
			
I think this is one of the best movie of all times. when the subject of
favorite movies comes up and the Titanic is mentioned many people
snicker. but you know that when they watch the movie they cry with the
rest of them and are just embarrassed to say they did. but the other
other half of are saying how they love to watch it Me, personally, i
cried through the whole last hour of the movie. i can watch this over
and over and there is still a power in it. Also, the acting is great.
Leonardo Dicapreo and Kate Winslet are perfect for the parts. the
scenes don't drag on and on as they tend to do in longer movies. the
special effects are amazing. during the sinking scene i was amazed. it
was so realistic. This is definitely my favorite movie and would
recommend it to any person who hasn't seen this movie yet.
			
This version of the Titanic is a well done movie that blends a love
story and an accurate account of the voyage and sinking of the great
ship together. Mr. Cameron took painstaking efforts to present the
Titanic as she actually looked and sank (using one of the popular
theories as to how she sank).But what impressed me most is the statement made through this movie
regarding the rich and poor/lower class people. The point is well
expressed how each class felt about the other. The differences are seen
from the boarding of the Titanic all the way to the rescue at sea. 1rst
class embarked directly while 3rd class required an examination (for
lice and whatnot)before embarkation. Third class was kept below decks
until first and second class were loaded onto lifeboats during
Titanic's sinking. On the Carpthia, third class was kept on an open
deck. In reality, one child was lost from 1rst and 2nd class while 52
out of 109 children were lost in 3rd class (taken from "Titanic" by
Thomas E. Bonsall, published by Gallery Books, 1987).I would highly recommend , if interested, to purchase the DVD and view
the deleted scenes and alternative ending. It will help tie things
together and even mentions the Californian (along with their wireless
operator). The Califronian was a vessel that if its Captain took the
rockets Titanic fired seriously, could have saved all aboard as she was
only about ten miles from Titanic. One deleted scene also shows the
heartbreaking end for three third class passengers alluding to the last
statement in the above paragraph.Lastly, a good movie has: good acting, good writing, a good film crew,
and good music. The music blends well with the love story, the action,
and the ship itself.
			
I watched the movie in 1997 after it was released in VHS. I hadn't been
able to watch it while being on the "big screen" and as a result my
curiousness was explicitly bigger than it was at the beginning. I dare
say I have watched it over 10 times ever since and still haven't got
bored with it. Although it is a characteristic piece of pure Hollywood
cinema, nobody can deny it's breathtaking and above-average moving.
First of all, although the plot was simple, non-complicated and
(shouldn't deny it)rather predictable, it still is a beautiful
fictional love story which in fact has a logical base: we shouldn't
forget that most marriages in the 1920s were a result of parents'
personal ambitions and financial motivations, so they happened mainly
for interest. But as soon as Rose met Jack, who above all saved her in
every way a person can be saved, it is natural to fall in love at once,
as near him she imagined the live she would have died to live. Then. as
far as the technical merit is concerned....what can I say?The work made
is just magnificent!!!No other comments. And finally it's worth
mentioning the strongest element of the movie which rises her above
all: the music, which is widely concerned as a classic!..... 9.8/10
			
I've seen "Titanic" many times now, and I get teary-eyed still because
I TRY (without much effort) to imagine the actual people this happened
to in 1912 -- the very rich, the immigrants down below, the SMUG
SELF-PROCLAIMED "unsinkable ship" propaganda, and the tragedy at the
end as the ship begins to fall apart.It remains an "interesting" movie because of the mix of recent "real
time footage" intermingled with the love story. But, as the Celine Dion
song implies ("My heart will go on and on"), there was a VERY REAL
TRAGEDY of these "poor" people trapped in the middle of a dark,
freezing ocean, with no "high tech" to help save them. The terrifying
last half of the movie, with terrified people running back and forth
trying to escape the inevitable REALLY GETS TO ME the more I see this
movie. Tragedies happen every day in the world, but this was 1912.Don't know what else to say - except that I DO GET TEARY-EYED at the
ending. These poor defenseless people -- it could have been any one of
us, then or now (if you believe in reincarnation, which I DO NOT !).
Anyway, GREAT MOVIE and it deserved to become the HUGE HIT IT BECAME !
			
OMG!! Titanic is one of my favorite movies of all time. WWWWOOOWWW!Its
just great. One of Kate Winslets and Leonardo DiCaprios best by far.
The ending made me cry a lot. They were both really good together. My
favorite scene of the whole movie is after they go to the dinner and go
to the party with the lower class people. LOVE IT!!! Their was some
mess ups through the movie though. Like when DiCaprio passes Kate the
note to come to the other party first it is yellow but when she opens
it it is white. There is another when they are at the party and he asks
her to dance and his hair is slicked back but when they are together
and about to dance it is more down. It is and will ever be a classic.
			
I will always remember the first time I saw "Titanic." The year was
1998--late February, to be precise. I was ten years old, in the fifth
grade, and had been hearing for weeks about how good this movie was and
how it was like nothing anyone had ever seen. I was desperate to see
it. However the forbidden fruit had been rated PG-13, so I was afraid I
would never see it, being too young. Then, as luck would have it, one
of my friends invited me to go see it for her birthday. I thought it
would be the classic formulaic love story with some good, fun thrills.
I was wrong.I had never had such a thrilling experience in a movie theater in my
life! I was quite literally on the edge of my seat. Especially during
the last half...there were many memorable scenes, including Rose
searching for Jack below decks, the evil fianc pulling out a shotgun,
and of course, the sinking..."Titanic" didn't end the way I expected it or wanted it to; I had
imagined both of the lovers would be rescued and live happily ever
after. At ten, I was deeply upset by the early death of Jack, but I
understand today that it was necessary for him to die, otherwise the
full extent of the tragedy couldn't be grasped. Someone I know said
that this movie is the closest you can get to the real tragedy without
experiencing it firsthand, and I'm inclined to agree. (Though I did
visit a Titanic exhibit--from the actual ship--last summer and saw the
shoes of Eino Panula, the "unknown child of the Titanic," and it was
bloody awful, to say the least.) Now I understand in some years it's
become trendy to hate "Titanic." Perhaps it's because Leonardo DiCaprio
doesn't seem as cute anymore. Perhaps the special effects seem old.
Perhaps it was some of the (at times) rather weak dialog. Who knows?
But I still like it, really like it in fact, and occasionally I pull
out my old VHS copy and watch it. It still hasn't lost its power to
move and disturb me.
			
I know there are some out there who snicker at this movie when it is
mentioned, yet if so many people hated it, why is it the biggest
selling movie of all time in America. It sold more than Star Wars, and
George Lucas released that movie more than once. I found this shocking,
but it happened. Ticket sales don't lie, and for those who laugh at
this movie now, they are probably some of the same ones that saw it in
the theater. Hypocrites.My own experience with Titanic was a good one and yes I am a guy. I
enjoyed the back story that followed before the sinking, and this is
probably Cameron's best film to date. Yes it's even better than the
first two Terminator films and Aliens, and they are all movies that I
appreciated.Many didn't like this film because of Leonardo DiCaprio. Yes he's given
better acting performances in other movies (What's Eating Gilbert
Grape), but in Titantic he was still very good. Of course I don't think
people dislike DiCaprio because of his acting. They just don't like him
for some reason. Yet I never heard anything bad about him before
Titanic made him a mega superstar.In my opinion, Titanic is a great film. It was one of the best in 1997
and was still popular in the summer of 1998 when it was still being
shown in the theaters. That alone is a fantastic achievement. So all
you hypocrites can laugh all you want. The fact is that this movie is
still well liked by many, and is still the biggest selling movie of all
time in 2006. Update, very late I know. Avatar surpassed this movie in
sales directed by who else, James Cameron again. Incredible.
			
I thought that "Titanic" was wonderful. History and romance all rolled
into one. James Cameron did a marvelous job. and the soundtrack is
beautiful. I laughed and i cried. This movie is the best to quote from
and use in your everyday life. I live by these words. Kate Winslet was
stupendous. A wealthy woman trapped in her own life is a difficult role
to play. The romance was a great way to catch people's attention. The
way Cameron captured every little detail so that you could really
understand the emotion and wonder in this production, was beyond me. if
you are one of the thousands that enjoy history, and a little romance
you will surely enjoy this film.
			
This is my #1 favorite movie of all time. It's a must see! This movie
made me bawl so hard. The music is also really great too. Especially
the love theme, My Heart Will Go On, performed by my favorite singer,
Celine Dion. If you like this movie you will probably also like Gone
With The Wind, Legends of the Fall, and others. Usually romance stories
on film never turn out to be good, considering that they are all mostly
romantic-comedies. This is a very good story and it has a great plot.
The dialauge is awesome and the special effects are mind blowing, not
to mention the acting. This movie is great and if you haven't seen it
rent it or buy it. It is definitely worth the money.
			

Less mystifying than the success of this film is the negative response it
received from most critics. It has been labelled a spectacle of death,
adolescent, banal, and (most damning of all) Hollywood. (Hollywood's
become
an adjective now, apparently.) At least five of my friends would not see
it
because Leonardo diCaprio is a teen idol, and they feel above associating
with that kind of thing. The dialogue is pitched at a very general level -
the last thing you'd call it is poetic. I think part of what rubbed so
many
critics the wrong way, is that this is a completely new approach to the
Victorian romance. (I know, 1912 isn't precisely Victorian, but it's
close,
and as the 'Edwardian romance' isn't really a genre, that's what people
will
be comparing this with.) Room With A View this ain't. It is, however,
reminiscent in many respects with Thomas Hardy's novels. Here are some of
it's features:- Technically, Titanic is really cutting edge. High quality special FX
(though a few problems rendering the CGI passengers). It's good enough to
double as a documentary. The characters are fictional, but really, is
anyone
dumb enough not to realise that? There's real footage of the real Titanic
at
the bottom of the ocean, really tricky stuff involving shooting
underwater,
and a strong knowledge and portrayal of the mechanical workings of the
ship.
It won the Special FX Oscar for good reason.- It's the first special FX romance. Sure there have been FX movies with
romances in them, but only as an accompaniment to the testosterone pumping
hero. Titanic makes the statement (perhaps inadvertently) that technology
can be relevant to a woman's story as well. (More recently, we've seen
Charlie's Angels, and I think we'll see more in the future - but Titanic
was
the first, as well as the only one that's really a 'chick-flick'). This
doesn't necessarily make Titanic a good film, but it is a point of
interest.- It's complex, yet logically consistent. When a plot works as smoothly as
in Titanic, it's easy to overlook how clever it is. There are a lot of
characters, but we never get confused. Every character is logically
consistent. Every scene, every visual, every word moves the story forward.
This film not only uses the classic 'Hero's Journey', it uses it for four
subjects simultaneously: Rose (the heroine, played by Kate Winslet), the
ship, the archaeologist, and the diamond. Each of these subjects has a
story
that stands alone. Rose and the ship are inextricably linked, and their
stories parallel almost exactly. A lot of Rose's internal dialogue could
be
applied to the ship without changing a word, and their social roles are
very
similar. It's a clever technique that makes us relate to the ship's fate
by
identifying with Rose, and vice versa. Likewise, the archaeologist allows
us
to bridge the gap from our 20th century cynicism into Rose's story. The
film
doesn't expect us to care about this ship straight away, it works to
persuade us, and the audience's 'journey' is mirrored in that of the
archaeologist. (By the way, if you think this doesn't sound very hard, go
ahead and try it, sucker.)- I mentioned Thomas Hardy earlier. James Cameron has Hardy's eye for
real-world detail, and a way of realising its significance. More
particularly, they both have a lot to say about women, the industrial
revolution, British Imperialism, and class - and they seem to arrive at
the
same conclusions. The dialogue concentrates on being true-to-life rather
than poetic - right down to accents, turn-of-phrase, and foreign words
being
subtitled (where necessary, which isn't often). This is also true of
gestures, costumes, technology, music, art, and other cultural
particularities. A great deal of thought and research has been expended.
All
this to give us a film that creates more than characters and a story, it's
a
film that recreates a world.- Awesome recognition of theme, metaphor, and myth. Personally, this is
the
aspect of Titanic that really blows me away. James Cameron not only
recognised a good story here, but he figures out why it's important, and
translates that onto the screen. The first, and most obvious point, is
that
the ship becomes a microcosm of British society. Graphically and spatially
people are divided according to telling social conventions - cf first and
third class accomodation. Cf the position and costumes of women and men.
And
because he's working from a true story, Cameron makes his point without
being tokenistic. It embodies a Christian tri-partite world, with the
hellish boiler chambers below, and the almost heavenly freedom on the
decks
above. The Captain and crew sit on high and order how everything will be
run. The machinery (representing the industrial revolution) is awesome,
remarkable, but ultimately fails when it becomes an end in and of itself.
It
is a classic tragedy that tells of human ambition, power, and pride. It is
a
Romeo & Juliet tale of the love that crosses all boundaries. It
incorporates
Icarus and metaphorical fairy godmothers. It's the ship of fools, the
journey from the Old World to the New, and Man against Nature (and the
gendered nature of the concept is explored). But it does all this with a
particularity of circumstance that takes these themes/myths/ideas, and
reinvents them. Then it turns up the pressure - first by bottling these
people onto a large (but still conspicuously finite ship); then, as the
ship
sinks, taking that room and making it smaller and smaller. People are
forced
to make choices. Push comes to shove. And the good, the bad, and very ugly
side of human nature is disturbingly brought to life.- Finally, Titanic has an emphasis on communication. It takes a vast
amount
of complex information and communicates it clearly and succinctly. It is
the
kind of layered film that anyone can watch and understand, but the more
you
look into it, the more you find. It's very visual - in such a way that you
could turn the sound down and you'd get all the important details. It
shows,
it doesn't tell. Despite the technical wizardry producing it required, and
the huge numbers of people to co-ordinate, the film looks unified and
never
falters in its pacing, themes, or story. It remains masterfully under the
director's control, and it lives and breathes his enthusiasm.
			
If only the voting ratings were higher than 10 . . . I would give this
grand film a 20. I watched it for the first time about four years ago
or so, and let me just say, I bawl like a baby every time I watch it.
It remains my absolute favorite movie. I LOVE the chemistry between
Leonardo DiCaprio's Jack & Kate Winslet's Rose (you just don't see
romances like that anymore, which is a shame). I enjoy watching their
romance grow until the very end. James Cameron was right in making sure
that the audience gets an "emotional doorway", to use his words, to
realize just how tragic the Titanic disaster really was by having them,
as well as Jack & Rose, go through the events that led to the sinking .
. . Did Cal Hockley (Billy Zane) ever do stuff like the things Jack did
for Rose, risking his life because he loved her so much? I don't think
so, because he didn't really care about her, or even love her for that
matter . . . so Billy Zane did a fantastic job at portraying this
character you just love to hate! All the other actors in this film,
particularly Kathy Bates, Victor Garber, Gloria Stuart, & Bill Paxton,
did fabulous as well. The scenery, the music (makes me cry even if I
hum a few bars), the costumes, etc are FABULOUS! James Cameron, you are
a genius & will be forever remembered for this epic masterpiece, for
bringing this tragedy that happened a century ago, to astounding
life!!!!! I applaud you for this tenfold. Bravo! Well done!
			
James Cameron is one of the best directors of all time. I have never
seen him make a bad movie. This and his most recent Avatar are in the
top ten of my favorite all time films. I know when a movie is very good
is when I choke up. I did that for several scenes in this three-hour
epic. The wonderful score by James Horner initiated some of those
teardrops.This is about the fateful night in mid-April of 1912 when the luxury
liner Titanic sank. Also, there is a romance story between a guy from
the lower class and a girl from the upper class.The acting is pretty great. Yes there were some cheesy lines but so
what. The brilliant performances of Kate and Leo make up for it.I can't see why people blast this movie with their criticisms. Maybe it
was successful and it made tons of money.Overall, this is one of the best movie of all times. There's a reason
why it won eleven Academy awards. I rate this film 10/10.
			
My name is Brian Joseph Bonish. I was 6 years old when I first saw this
movie in 2002. I absolutely loved it, it is the best movie that I have
ever seen in my entire life. I watch it all the time! It reminds me of
Cape May, my second home, and I never was sure why, and I still don't
know.. But it makes me so happy. I feel a true connection with the
movie. I could watch this movie and only this movie for the rest of my
life and never get sick of it. I love it so much, there is no movie in
the world that is better than it. It is so romantic and dramatic and
the two blend together so perfectly that it makes the whole movie such
a beautiful piece of life for me and this movie has brought so much
light to my life. I love it so much with a burning passion! -Brian
Joseph Bonish, the number one Titanic fan in the world.
			
Ever since I saw Avatar, I began to develop a strong respect for James
Cameron, so when I found out he was the genius behind the cinematic
legend that is "Titanic", I got excited.The film is really well written. I love the way it is told in
flashback.It begins with a group of present-day treasure hunters exploring the
wreckage of the Titanic (which results in some brilliant underwater
footage). They find an old safe that's completely empty save for a
drawing of a woman. An elderly woman suddenly phones them and says
she's the woman in the picture. She then tells the divers and her
granddaughter the main plot of the film.One thing that I really like as well about the flashback format is the
editing. Each time the film always shifts between the past or present
via a match cut, such as a video of the wreckage of the Titanic in the
present day changing into the Titanic before it left in 1912 or a
close-up shot of oung Rose's eye to the eye of the elderly Rose in the
present.The characters are all really well developed. I love how the film
manages to blend some of the real historical figures (I.E. the crew of
the Titanic) with fictional characters (I.E. Rose, Jack) and yet it is
still incredibly believable, as if this really was a true story. The
story is largely focused on the relationship between Rose and Jack, but
the film constantly manages to develop other characters. Even the
present-day characters are really well developed.The story is very well written, and I love the way how it changes in
tone throughout. The film starts off exciting, with many people
excited, yet still manages to portray Rose in a somewhat sympathetic
role. A large portion of it is the romance between Jack and Rose, but
the film manages to have some dramatic scenes, with a large sub-plot of
the story being the conflict between Rose and the rest of her
upper-class family. The film even manages to include a bit of humour
here and there, but doesn't take it too far. However everything changes
near the end, when we have the iceberg, and all of a sudden the film
becomes very dark and tragic.The climax is very impressive. It takes place once the Titanic hits the
iceberg. At this point, the film manages to successfully shift focus
between different people. It manages to focus on the protagonists, but
also manages to focus on the chaos and tension as the ship sinks and
the crew struggle to keep order and get the passengers off safely. It
brilliantly manages to capture the tragedy and horror of the disaster.Overall this movie is a cinematic masterpiece and one that you
definitely should see if you haven't already.
			
'Titanic' is a film so revered and praised that it can become tiresome
and many choose to bash it just to spite its popularity but the truth
is that 'Titanic' is a classic and is worthy of any praise it gets.Everybody knows how epic this film is. Everybody knows the
extraordinary lengths that were gone to to make this such a memorable
piece and everybody knows of the excellent performances given by Kate
Winslet, Leonardo DiCaprio and the supporting cast. The incredible feat
that this film achieves is, despite its huge scale, you can get
entangled and wrapped up in each character. The simple love story of
Jack and Rose is played out so intensely, it's beautiful and engaging
to watch no matter how many times you've seen it before.What I love about this film is the fact that I can pick out plenty of
cheesy moments and lines and many instances where Cameron has tried to
over-dramatise an already tragic and epic story, as well as one
ill-timed cut to the 'modern' day subplot, but I don't mind. I can get
carried away in the story and love those moments as well.The truth is, this film is beautiful. The one-liners and funny moments
early on that highlight the tragedy of the end, still touching and
shocking despite the action and panic in them, are beaten only by the
simplicity and beauty of the relationship between Jack and Rose. It
sounds cheesy and clich but it is still as beautiful and romantic as
ever and this film will always rate highly with me.
			
Titanic has the most beautiful love story I've ever seen and the story
of the Titanic is so powerful. If you don't like Titanic, that's your
loss and you're missing out on an amazing movie. The love between Jack
and Rose is something we all wish we had, unfortunately it doesn't
happen very often. Although Jack died after Titanic sank, Rose carried
his promise for the rest of her life. He is the reason why Rose lived
her life. The chemistry between Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet is
so strong and Kate really holds this movie together. I honestly have no
words to say about them, just amazing.Titanic did outstanding at the box office mostly because of Leonardo
DiCaprio. The first couple of times I watched the movie, I do admit I
liked it because of Leo and the love story between Jack and Rose. As
the years passed, I started seeing the movie for what it is. I became
extremely interested in the real disaster and started to like the movie
even more. Leo is still one of the reasons why I love Titanic but not
the only reason. The graphics are outstanding. It's hard to believe it
was only 1997. If you watch carefully, you can tell which scenes are
computer generated but overall this movie has outstanding graphics.
James Cameron made the sinking of the Titanic so horrific, he did such
an amazing job, the movie couldn't have been done better and the score,
James Horner made the best piece of music for any movie I've ever seen.
Watching what everyone went through during the sinking gets to me every
time. The breaking of the glass dome, passengers sliding down the decks
as the ship is in the air, the ship breaking in half, falling on top of
the passengers is just unbelievable. I tear up every single time I
watch it. You can't imagine what it would have been like the night
Titanic really sank unless you were there and James Cameron did the
best possible job I've seen trying to portray that image.Critics and viewers wonder why Titanic focuses on a love story. Love is
the one thing that attracts people to seeing a movie. The star of the
movie is really the ship but Cameron also wanted part of the story to
focus on a love story between a first class and third class passenger.
He wanted 2 main stars of the film but also wanted viewers to
understand the Titanic and feel for what happened during that fateful
night. Cameron wanted the movie to focus on a love story because it is
one that attracts women to the theatre, in some cases guys. The love he
portrays in this movie is one you don't find very often and is a good
example because back in 1912 third class passengers and poor people
were most often not accepted into society. There were either really
rich people or really poor. In Titanic, he shows that you can fall in
love with someone, not for how poor they are but for personality and
accepting them the way they are. Rose is someone you can easily fall in
love with. For me, she is my favorite character in the film, besides
Jack and Mr. Andrews. Her character grows throughout the movie and you
learn she's not like most first class passengers. Some first class see
poor people as scum and don't care about them. Rose is completely
different. She grew up in the rich world and was set up to marry
someone who was wealthy because her father passed and her mother was in
debt. Rose wasn't happy the way she was living and wanted to commit
suicide. She was trapped in a world she didn't want to live in. She
wanted to be free, see the world and live the life she wanted. Nobody
around her saw that and was expected to marry a wealthy man so her
mother could be free of debt. Jack then comes in, saves her life and
later begins to fall in love with him because he has what she wants, to
live free, be independent and not care what others think. Jack made her
promise to move on, no matter what happened. He loved her more than his
own life and in the end, I think he did know to some extent that he
wouldn't survive so he wanted Rose to promise to survive and live her
life. Cameron did an amazing job of portraying their love in the movie.You can decide on the ending for yourself, whether Rose is sleeping or
she passed away. I've always thought that she passed away and reunited
with Jack, showing everyone in the room who died the night Titanic
sank.Titanic got some poor reviews from critics and from a lot of viewers
but nothing anyone says about this movie can change my love for it. I
actually like the entire movie, probably one of the only ones that
actually likes the first half. It's amazing how after 12 years Titanic
is still the highest grossing movie ever made, holding almost $ 2
billion at the box office. Titanic will always be one of the most
inspiring and important movies ever made. There won't be another movie
for a long time that will beat Titanic's record.In all honesty, I've seen Titanic more than 200 times. I was 9 years
old when I first watched it and have loved it ever since.I could write paragraphs and paragraphs but it will never truly express
how much I love Titanic.
			
OK,its the best movie in the world to some.to others,its just a cheesy
movie with a teen hearthrob in it.But,hey its been one of the most(in
the fact,THE MOST)successful movie at the box office of all time. And
you can't really blame it. Well,Leo Dicaprio was at the height of his
career,and the yummiest by far i've seen him*drool*...So that attracted
a lot of attention from teenage girls.The romance and passion that is
in this film is great. The effects are good as well,and the cast all
peformed excellently. James Cameron's script was,OK,a little weak in
places,but it held the audiences for 3 hours.James Cameron created a
film nobody in the history of movie-making had ever attempted.And he
did a pretty good job.The ending was particularly moving,and Titanic will always remain a
Hollywood blockbuster,now and foreverxxxby Alix
			
I've seen this movie plenty of times about the time it was released.
Well, a few years later, about 1999, but it's not so important. The
point is, I was about 10 or 11 years at this time. But now, in the
German Christmas TV programme, I saw this movie again. Only partly, but
I was amazed of it. I became aware of things I didn't became aware of
in this young age. As there were: 01) It might sound a bit bathetic,
but "Titanic" is a really romantic film, it's kind of a Love Manifesto.
There are two people who really love each other, with all consequences.
This is really great, to see this true and honest love between two
people which you don't see too often in real life, even though this is
just a movie.02) When you look a bit behind this romantic facade, "Titanic" is also
a deeply social critical movie. On the one side, it shows those
affectedly luxury and all those needless problems of the Rich, as well
as the belief that with enough money you can buy anything ("We had an
arrangement, Mr Murdoch!"). On the other side you see the misery of the
Third Class people, you see how they are trapped in the sinking ship
like animals, and you see how the Rich are treated much better only
because they have money. But on the other hand, there is Rose, who only
cares about Jack Dawson's personality and not about his financial
situation.03) The last thing I love at this movie is quite simple: It is a great
document of one of the sadest stories in younger human history. It
shows it all in detail, the arrogance of the White Star Line people,
the desperation of the passengers as the ship is sinking, the fight for
their life, the desperate try to find other ships to help, all showed
really realistic and also strictly written after the reports of
survivors. I think those whole Titanic thing is very interesting, and
so I like the movie for showing the happenings of this evening very
realistic and fascinating.
			
We start off this epic classic with Mr. Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) in
search of the Heart Of the Ocean necklace that would be found in the
Titanic wreckage. After failing to find it and revealing so on
television, Rose (Gloria Stuart), a survivor calls up Brock to go for
visit.Rose quickly gets into the story of her experience on Titanic. We
travel back in time to when Rose was young (Kate Winslet). Jack Dawson
(Leonardo DiCaprio) is an aspiring artist who wins himself and his
friend, Fabrizio (Danny Nucci), tickets on Titanic. Almost instantly,
Jack falls for Rose - regardless of her being with Cal Hockley (Billy
Zane).One night, Rose runs to the back of the boat. She leans off the rail
ready to jump into the waters below - hopefully to her death. Jack sees
her doing this and talks her out of it. Just as he is about to pull her
in, she slips. He does bring her back over, but not before Cal has come
to the rescue. Jack is seen as a hero and is invited to dinner the
following night.Rose begins to have feelings for Jack and they also begin to see each
other frequently. Rose poses nude for Jack, wearing only the Heart Of
the Ocean. They are chased by Lovejoy (David Warner) but eventually get
away and make love in a storage room, inside a vehicle.I am not one for movies that go over 180 minutes, but this one has
always been an exception for the reasons of it not feeling like three
hours and for it being a romance. Leonardo DiCaprio is not a favourite
of mine. I hated him in almost anything else, so it's safe to say that
I think this is his best performance.Kate Winslet was a no-name at this point and that was on purpose, but
she was quickly noticed after this for such an amazing performance.
It's no wonder why she was nominated for an Oscar. She is just so easy
to fall in love with.James Cameron wrote and directed this masterpiece and does anyone
wonder why it won 11 Oscars, and made $1.8 billion? It deserves all the
praise it gets simply because it is an epic romance movie. The only
epic romance I know. The score is just magnificent and it easily put
James Horner on the map.It had a great supporting cast: Kathy Bates, Frances Fisher, Bernard
Hill, Victor Garber, and Jonathan Hyde. The dialogue between Rose and
Jack is sweet and warm-hearted. The action during the last hour is what
really makes this so epic. The romance itself is fairy tale.The special effects are also stunning. I can't think of any flaws in
this movie which is why I obviously give it a perfect score. Any
romantic person will love this. Any couple should watch this together
because it certainly speaks to you in that sense.I don't know if there is another movie out there in this genre that
compares to Titanic. Which is why I recommend everyone to watch this.
			
Titanic is one of the best films of all time for many reasons. There is
not one single problem with the picture. Not one. The effects are
extraordinary, it's well acted, well written, convincing and
spellbinding.Two lovers from opposite worlds fall in love aboard the doomed ship
titanic. And then the ship meets her doom. Their relationship is
strengthened by their struggle to survive. This makes the film an
experience instead of just entertainment.Titanic has been bashed by many people for years. All I can say is that
i think it is the second best film ever (behind shawshank), and that i
don't care what they think.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate winslet are stunning and they give the film
a basic story structure. Now these people can act.James Cameron cleverly shows the peril that the passengers are in. We
can relate to them, and we fear for them. It is horrifying to see them
die. It is an intense and visceral experience.This is a beautiful masterpiece about the tragic sinking of a great
ship. super.
			
I try, but i still don't see why people don't like this movie. this
movie is one of those films that makes you completely break down, once
you realize the full intensity of it. they say about 1500 people died
that night, and 700 were saved due to the 20 lifeboats. only 20 boats
to save over 2000 people. when you really think about it, and watch
families be torn apart, it really shows the severeness of the whole
situation. i remember i watched it the other night, and when i saw a
family be ripped apart (because only women and children were being let
on the boats), a dad told his children "don't worry, there's another
boat for the daddies". i broke down at that part while i watched Jack
and Rose being split because she was forced into a boat. you cant even
imagine being there, and not knowing what was gonna happen to your kid
or your husband or father. if you listen to Jack teaching rose about life during the movie, and
telling her to "make each day count", it puts things in perspective. he
showed her so many things and like she said at the end, "he saved me in
every way a person can be saved". he loved her so much, and you can see
the chemistry between the two, and that makes his death so much harder
to watch. its not fair that he had to die like that after doing so much
for Rose, but it made the story, and it made it great. Kate Winslet and
Leo DiCaprio did such a great job with this, and James Cameron really
pulled it all together as the director. you cant picture anyone else
playing the parts...they did such a great job.there were some great scenes...like when Jack is handcuffed to the pole
and Rose has to break him free with an ax off the wall so she takes a
few practice swings and then tries to hit it in the same spot and
misses by like ten feet! even though oddly enough she cuts him free
perfectly as she smashes the chain with her eyes closed and then they
have to wade through like really deep water.another is where the mother is telling a story to her two kids, so they
will fall asleep and not be so afraid when they die..one of my all-time favorite scenes is where Jack and Rose are flying at
the front of the ship. Celine Dion's "my heart will go on" seems like
the perfect love song for this.also, the part where rose is on the Carpathia and give her name to the
guy as Rose Dawson is one of the sweetest things ever.the part where she jumps off the lifeboat and her and jack run to meet
each other and embrace each other where he tells her she is "so stupid"
but is kissing her hair and neck and she says "you jump i jump right?"lastly, i love the part at the end where old Rose...i guess
dies....after they show all the pictures of her doing all the things
Jack was telling her they were gonna do.....where she dies and you see
them again going up the staircase, and all the people who had died and
had gone down with titanic--Tommy Ryan, the Captian, Mr. Andrews,
Fabrizio and Helga, Cora, and a bunch others...then the camera swings
to Jack, at the top of the staircase, his back towards us, and him
looking at the clock...just like he did when he had eaten dinner with
first class. except he isn't all in his tux and all...he is dressed as
himself and not all fancy...this movie was so amazing, and to all of those who say that it wasn't
just that, you obviously cant see past what you don't like and look at
what it really showed--two people in love, an "unsinkable" ship that is
doomed, and a message behind it all.
			
There are some movies that will be remembered until the end of time.
The Godfather, Sound of Music, Life of Brian, Lord of the Rings,
Cassablanca, James Bond, Trainspotting, Star Wars, The Italian Job and
Titanic. Now not everyone will love these movies - I know that they're
not all my favourites, but they will never be forgotten.For every movie, I can see reasons why people might not like that
movie, but in this movie I can see no reason why someone would dislike
this movie. It really annoys me when people say that they don't like
this movie, because it is a superb movie with no weak points and the
only reason why people say they don't like it is to try and be
different, as when this movie was released ten years ago, everyone
loved it, but when people keep on singing its praises, people want to
not like it, so they watch it and try to not like it.The acting is superb, the director is superb and I don't think that
it's possible for anyone to watch it without crying. It is the perfect
love story combined with one of the greatest disasters of all times and
they combine brilliantly to give one of the greatest movies of all
time.The story moves at the perfect pace for this movie and shows times back
then and the excitement at this brand new top class ship, which makes
you even more upset when the corridoors are being filled with water.Of course there is that classic scene when Leo and Kate (who give
flawless performances) are holding their hands outstretched at the end
of the ship, which will be remembered forever as a classic scene in
movie history.Summing up, this is an unbelievably good film, which is perfect in all
places.
			
This movie was a brilliant romance masterpiece. It has everything a
good movie needs. Humor, plot, and most of all: Drama. I wouldn't go as
far as to say it's the Greatest movie of all time, or even the greatest
love story of all time, but it is definitely within the top 10.
Leonardo DiCaprio shows great drama and incredible acting as the part
of "Jack Dawson". Kate Winslet is as evenly good at the part of "Rose
DeWitt Bukater", and the narration from Gloria Stuart is incredible.
This movie scores a 10/10 in my book. From the start of the movie with
the uncovering of the titanic, to the overwhelming sadness of the end,
brilliant acting plays a huge part in this movie. The actors were
great, the screenplay was great, and thus, the movie was outstanding.
			
Titanic, when it came out, was a sensation. It still stands as a
favourite for many, but is disliked by many for reasons that I can only
guess are due to it's simplicity and entertainment value. The acting is
all good, the plot is good (though predictable- as Titanic should be),
the dialogue is passable and everything else fits into place. What are
we left with? Dialogue. There aren't any iconic lines (barring the
cheese-filled "I'm the king of the world...") or any lines with
exceeding power or wit, as there frequently are in typical classic
films. Alas, this movie goes beyond that. The "my heart will go on"
melody played throughout the film is touching, to say the least,
despite my untoward attitude of the Celine Dion version of the song.
The two main characters come together in such a way typical of any
romance movie. Jack and Rose etc and etc until they etc and then the
ship sinks. Good. James Cameron takes us all along for the journey,
though, and shows us light and shade in the process, which most good
movies do. After all, a movie is defined by the sum of it's scenes and I can't
think of a scene in this movie that detracts from it. Many add to the
experience, some less so than others, but it's sum total rises above
numerous other films, nonetheless.The first time I saw Titanic, I was reluctant, at best: it looked like
a soggy chick flick, which I don't appreciate at all. At the video
store, I had to get five movies to rent to get the special and I
already had four. Standing at the end of the alphabet, I tried to see
something that clicked, and considering I'd passed over Titanic many
times before when left with the same choice, I might have been inclined
to do so again. This time, I had no other choice ready, my dad was
calling and so I grabbed it. It was the last of the five movies I
watched, but (even though I can't remember any of the others) it was
probably the best. I get feelings of movies before I see them-
something clicks into place and I either identify with the music or a
character I see in the DVD menu or the opening credits- and that
happened as soon as I saw the DVD menu (don't ask me- I've got no idea
why either). Historic, though modern; brutal, though beautiful; long,
though quickly-passing... whatever that menu was, it did it. Thinking
back, it may have been a map of the Titanic's course or something along
those lines. Silly? Maybe so, but I was right. 9 out of 10.
			
When someone mentions 90s blockbuster movies, one of the first things
said is always Titanic.The 1997 movie, staring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, broke
box-office records both in the USA and internationally, still holding
the record as the highest box-office grossing movie internationally by
$482,400,000, leading over Lord of the Rings: Return of the King. It
won 11 Academy Awards, tying it with Ben-Hur for the most one by any
single movie. It was nominated for 14 Oscars. It had another 76 wins
and 47 nominations.The acting was great; not wonderful; but still very good in every sense
of the word. Not only by Kate and Leonardo, but many people on the cast
that were overshadowed by the stars. Gloria Stuart gives a
heart-breaking performance in her return to the screen. Victor Garber
portrayed Thomas Andrews, and did a magnificent job, his best scene
being the meeting between Ismay, EJ Smith, and himself; Andrews
declaring Titanic will founder. The main story in itself is one that has been told a million times
over. A poor boy and a rich girl meet by chance and soon fall in love,
but her parents will not allow it because of social order. Titanic has
one thing going for it as it tells this story, the backdrop of history
and tragedy tied into one as the lovers meet on the ill-fated ship
Titanic. We are introduced to Rose De-Witt Bukater, a young woman of
society who is engaged to Caledon Hockley, the son of a rich steel
tycoon. We find ourselves on Rose's side as she rebels against her
mother and Cal, ultimately resulting in a suicide attempt. Fate steps
in there, bringing her a savior by the name of Jack Dawson, an artist
who wins third class tickets aboard Titanic in a poker match. He
persuades Rose not to jump off the back of the ship; telling her that
if she jumps, he'll have to go after her.The story is being narrated by Rose Calvert, a woman of 100, who upon
seeing a drawing on television decides to contact Brock Lovett, a
salvager who is exploring the Titanic. He is the one who found the
drawing, and kept it only because he noticed that the woman in the
picture is wearing a diamond necklace. Rose and her granddaughter Lizzy
are brought upon Brock's ship, where she tells the crew she is the
woman in the picture. Brock then tells them the diamond is said to have
gone down with the ship, and would be worth more than the Hope Diamond
if discovered. Rose says nothing, but starts into her account of what
happened during her experience with Titanic.Jack and Rose continue to grow to love after he saves her from death.
Rose tries to deny her feelings for him, but can't help herself,
despite threats made by both her fiance and mother. She longs to be
like Jack, free and independent; something she has never done before.
She tries her hardest to do this, by having Jack draw her nude, wearing
only the blue diamond necklace her fiance Cal bought for her. This is
the drawing Brock finds 84 years later. But fate has a twisted hand of
cards, making Cal frame Jack into stealing the diamond, and having him
being locked away. Rose chooses to believe Cal, but not for long. She
soon comes back for him, saving him from being drowned.They continue their race for survival, staying on the ship until the
bitter end, despite a gun chase by Cal and his manservant Lovejoy, and
Rose choosing to jump off the lifeboat and back onto Titanic for she
can't leave Jack behind. It is at this point Rose realizes that she
does love Jack, greeting him with the words, "You jump, I jump, right?"
Subsequently they continue trying to stay alive as the glorious ship is
destroyed. The band is shown playing their final song, "Nearer My God
To Thee," making for a emotional montage.Finally, as the ship goes under, Jack ushers Rose to a broken door. It
can only hold one of them, and he offers it to her. They listen to the
screams until it gets quiet, and Jack realizes that he will die soon.
His final words tell Rose to keep on living, not to let herself die. He
makes her promise never to give up, and not to let go of that promise.
She agrees, saying that she'll never let go. A light appears out of the
darkness, and Rose, barely clinging to life, tries to awaken Jack to
tell him there's a boat coming back, but there's no use. As she is
shocked by his death, she remembers her promise to keep on living, so
leaves him there in the ocean, saying once more she'll never let go. Old Rose then speaks of how the 700 saved people floating in lifeboats
were waiting, to die, to live, and for an absolution that would never
come. It then shows her walking on the deck of Brock's research ship,
standing on the railing, to show that she had the diamond Brock had
spent three years searching for. Another flashback is here, showing
young Rose feeling the pocket of the jacket Cal put on her, feeling in
the pocket and pulling out the diamond. Old Rose then looks at the deep
blue diamond one more time, then tosses it into the ocean.There are many ways to interpret the ending of the movie. In my
opinion, she passes away. Old Rose is seen going to sleep, then cutting
to a dream sequence where Young Rose and Jack are reunited on Titanic
and then a cut to a bright light. On the DVD, the name of that scene is
called A Promise Kept.
			
WINNER of 11 Academy Awards, TITANIC is one of the most
Romantic,Dramatic,and Action movies of its time. With great special
effects and a romantic plot line,TITANIC draws people's eyes to the
screen and keeps them there. It is one movie that will always be
remembered,and always be commented for its greatness. It is one movie
that everybody will love. No matter what kind of person that sees it,
will definitely love it. The 11 Academy Awards it occupied in 1997
were...BEST DIRECTOR...BEST ORIGINAL SONG...BEST ORIGINAL DRAMATIC
SCORE...BEST COSTUME DESGIN...BEST ART DIRECTION...BEST SOUND...BEST
CINEMATOGRAPHY...BEST VISUAL EFFECTS...BEST FILM EDITING...and last but
not least,the best Award a movie can get...BEST PICTURE. This movie is
so great and such a good movie...its too hard to put into words. For
all of this...I give TITANIC a 10 out of 10 stars.
			

A fellow reviewer wrote earlier that Titanic is among his or her
favorite
films, and sometimes people laugh. I myself laugh, not at the movie but at
that statement. I echo what the reviewer said, which is that at the time,
almost everyone loved the movie or at least recognized good stuff about
it.
It was critically acclaimed, made more money than any movie in history,
and
received uncountable awards including the most Oscars ever, tied with Ben
Hur at 11 wins.Now, I shake my head when I see that Titanic currently has a rating of
about 6.7.  Jeez people, view a movie for how it is rather than how
oversaturated it got!!!And that's the problem. Titanic WAS a very good movie- and since I was
interested in the actual ship a decade before the movie was made,
hopefully
I can tell you why I support it. The technical achievements alone were
grand, the scale of the movie was epic and moving, and to James Cameron's
credit, it was almost 100% accurate to the many different details of the
Titanic legend. Of course, to accept this one has to ignore the fact that
the main characters are fictitious amalgams of real Titanic
passengers.Those two characters are Jack Dawson and Rose Buttaker, played of course
by the leads Dicaprio and Winslet. Their awkward meeting and subsequent
falling in love is played against the oncoming disaster, which, as
everyone
should know, happened 4 days into the ship's first voyage. At 11:40pm on
April 14, 1912, the Titanic hit an iceberg and sank 2 and a half hours
later.Now for the movie itself. The acting, although passionate, is goofy at
times due to a script that was much maligned as being stereotypical and
bland. I don't hate it that much, it doesn't sound too far off from what
people are like when they're stupid in love. However, my problem arises
here: Rose seems to be witty and independent, yet she becomes a doe-eyed
child when she falls for Jack, who seems to know the answer to everything
and even needs to heroically command Rose to "get back" when the iceberg
comes by. More and more their relationship turns from possible to
downright
one-dimensional, as Jack becomes a grand hero and Rose becomes a helpless
damsel. Granted, each character has scenes where they betray that limit
(Rose in fact saves Jack's life at one point), but that's an exception to
the rule. Another problem is that, quite simply, a relationship between a
first class woman and third class male is possible, although entirely
improbable. People just weren't that open minded in 1912, although for
this
movie it doesn't seem too severely hard to swallow.That having been said, I don't have much of a problem with the rest of
the
movie. This is because it stays admirably close to the facts, and pays
insane amounts of detail to each scene. Director Cameron was in fact often
joked about due to his fierce, almost anal commitment to the details. The
ship looks real, because most of it is. The band played until the very
end,
which they really did. The ship indeed broke in half at the 2nd funnel,
and
if you look close, the iceberg scrape actually dots and dents the ship's
hull instead of tearing a solid gash, as it actually did in real life.
Although the 1958 Titanic film "A Night to Remember" had no fictitous
characters and sticks religiously close to what really happened, James
Cameron's Titanic is technically the most accurate, especially due to the
breaking of the ship which wasn't proven until after the former film was
made.
A couple technical slips do get by, such as a terrible blue screen effect
seen when the drunken baker is standing atop the risen stern (just before
the final sinking). There's a shot of victims rolling down the upright
stern
section near the end, and we can see one of them bounce off of the
cylindrical capstans, obviously a soft prop. But hey, these are just
gaffes
in an otherwise very good technical achievement.In closing, I still like this movie, as I did when it first came out
(though not nearly as much now, after a dozen viewings). It has a lot of
emotional impact, it stays very, very close to the actual facts, and it
can
even be argued that although fictional, Jack and Rose are just an example
of
what really happened to many of the couples on the real ship when it went
down. I don't think a better movie about the Titanic can be made, although
the aforementioned "Night to Remember" is also extremely good and in many
ways just like James Cameron's film.
If you see Titanic, the film, for what it tried to achieve, you can see
that
it is in fact a well made and successful film. I know it's hard to get
past
the negativity that its oversaturation caused, but at its heart I think it
is an excellent movie.
			

A 7? This masterpiece gets a 7 on imdb? It's sad that 'Titanic' is lambasted
by some people only because it was such a huge success on all aspects. This
heart warming and heart wrenching love story, set against one of the biggest
disasters of modern times, is acted and directed flawlessly, with sweeping
score, fantastic cinematography, and its three hours pass so fast, it's
amazing.
Such emotional and cinematical power is rarely seen in mainstream holywood
movies, and this movie deserves its Oscars and huge box office success. Kate
Winslet and Leonardi De Caprio are especially good. Rose and Jack are
unforgettable characters.
James Cameron is truly a gifted filmmaker.
			
Yes I know people all over the world have praised Titanic since it was
 released, so i'm just going to add my own 2 cents worth !Of course the characters of Rose and Jack were two dimensional but thats the
 amazing thing about this film you just don't care about that at all! You are able to look past that and see the scope of the film and the tragedy
 surrounding this the sinking of the worlds greatest ship. By looking at it
 through the eyes of two fictional characters Cameron has achieved the
 virtually impossible giving us characters we can care about without
 alienating the fact that the tragedy is only moments away.Many people have seen it more than once myself included, and a lot of people
 ask why?, it's simple, yes you know whats going to happen and when it's
 going to happen but you are able to look well past that and marvel in the
 awesome film skills of James Cameron and his crew, but it's not just that
 by a long way, the more you see it the more you seem to appreciate the
 whole saga of human tragedy that was apparent throughout the whole film! James Cameron has achieved what most people thought that he could not, a
 movie with fantastic special fx that did not sacrifice the scope of the
 tragedy.My personal rating *****
			
"Titanic"....this movie on the surface would normally strike fear into
the hearts of film fans like myself, who usually despise most typical
mainstream drivel. While I am a huge film fan, I rarely go to the
movies in theaters anymore because everything just looks so BAD. The
last film I have seen in theaters was actually "Spider-Man," a great
film marred by the horrible cartoonish special effects.My tastes in film vary greatly...I love the classics (Cagney, Bogie,
etc), romance, B-flicks, Godzilla films, car chases, superhero stuff
and much more. However, almost all the films I like were made before
the 90's, when film started to get REALLY bad. I also love to observe a
good phenomenon - whoch "Titanic" became almost instantly.I read all about "Titanic" before it was released, how the budget went
up to a staggering $200 million making the film a tremendous gamble.
When it was released in late '97, it did very good but not great
numbers - but the word of mouth on this film was unlike anything seen
since Star Wars probably - the box office take remained steady for a
LONG time. As weeks went by, it actually earned more and more, and the
phenomenon had started.Then in late 1998, when the film was still playing some theaters almost
a year later, and for a whole year we've heard how unbelievable
"Titanic" was and how Leo was adored by girls all over the world and
how hot Kate was - I finally kicked in 2 bucks at a discount theater to
see what all the fuss was finally about. Alone (in a packed theater) as
not to be distracted by a friend, I got my snick snacks, found my seat,
and watched with a completely open mind.Three hours later, I, who again hates virtually everything mainstream
these days, said to myself, that was one of the greatest films I had
ever seen.Many say "Titanic" is "fomulatic," "typical Hollywood drivel," and the
famous, "...but we know the ending, the ship sinks." I say, "Titanic"
was an extremely rare present-day excursion in old-school grandiose
film-making. Huge sets were built as opposed to having everything drawn
with computer effects. It was a great romantic story, which the
audience was compelled to feel for, especially having the knowledge
ahead of time that it would be doomed ("the ship sinks"). It had great
drama, great music (even the one song I can stand hearing Celine Dion
sing), and a lot of heart from James Cameron who, love him or hate him,
showed amazing dedication to getting his epic on screen.And say whatever you want about Leonardo DiCaprio - he was excellent in
Titanic and is one of the very best actors out there right now.Anyone who has read some of my other reviews would know that I hate
computer effects. But the CGI in "Titanic" is the one instance where
they actually do work a little, because they do not overtake the
picture and aren't the focus. It definitely is not the same as watching
a cartoon Spider-Man battle a cartoon Green Goblin in a film that is
not supposed to be a cartoon."Titanic," dare I say, is the "Gone With The Wind" of our time. it's a
huge movie, a blood, sweat and tears movie, a movie with some real
elbow grease behind it. And never boring for a second."Titanic" is arguably the best film of the 90's (only "Goodfellas"
gives it a run for that title in my opinion), and is probably one of
the greatest 40 films ever made. Now that may be a surprising thing for
me to say given I am such a huge fan of the classics, but however rare
it may be, there are extremely rare instances when something new is in
the same league as something classic.One last note - it is surprising that this film has such a bare-bones
DVD out. While there are rumors that a "special edition" DVD is in the
works, the present DVD is a disappointment with no extras at all.
Considering this movie at three hours long had two hours CUT from it
alone would make some good extras in deleted scenes. Add on the
commentaries, a few "makings of" and add on a bunch of other crap and
you have got a killer, proper DVD release for "Titanic."
			
Why did this movie made 600million dollars at the box office?it's
because you people loved it.Why is this movie only rate 6.9 out of 10?It's because 10 000 people in
the world didn't like it and those 10 000 votes on IMDb and the hole
world would've voted on IMDb for titanic this movie would've been and
8.8 out of 10.Why is this movie not in the top 250?Well because there is not enough
voters on IMDb.I don't know why people didn't like this wonderful masterpiece.Maybe
because you don't like love stories and who ever doesn't shouldn't of
watch this one then and go do bad comments on it.And maybe people
didn't like it because it is a remake, well get over it, I like this
one way more then the 1953 version and plus I like all the remakes
because if Iwonna watch Walking tall well I have the choice between the
good one or the bad oneI don't know why people didn't like the story.I think the story is
great there could'nt of been a better one that shows the gigantic boat
(titanic) sink in the middle of the Atlantic.Every thing is wonderful about this movie, the actors,the characters,
the music, the visual effects, the scenery, and every thing else.Leonardo DiCaprio should've gotten en award for his great performance
and Kate Winslet should've gotten one too.
			

There is no doubt that James Cameron is capable of putting out fantastic
cinema. The man just seems to have a feel for what will pull on the emotions
and his eye for scene setting has no equal. Some spoilers
ahead.I recently re-watched this on video, on a small TV, and it still blew me
away. Action fans will, of course, be disappointed. Perhaps this even
qualifies as a chick-flick. I don't know, and don't care. It's just a great
movie and never drags even at over three hours.I've tried hard to find niggles, to be impartial, but the only things I can
point to are a couple of instances where the special effects were bad (at
the beginning, where the bow of the sunken Titanic looks exactly like what
it is....a model) and later where Jack and Rose are on the the foredeck and
the camera is looking back toward the superstructure (where the scenery
looks like the backdrop from a school play). Other than these, the story and
effects are fantastic and enhance the film rather than overpowering
it.I always cry at the end, with the old lady's scenes of returning to the
ship. This is one of a very few movies that do make me cry. For that reason
it will always be a favourite.
			

All of the critics for "Titanic" should really be on line for the new Star
Wars, right?The extent of critcism for "Titanic", even at this late date, indicates
that
even those who hate it are still thinking about it and want to bash in it
light of the new George Lucas movie."Titanic" has a solid place in movie history, with movie fans everywhere
in
the world, and a couple of bored and angry people are not going to change
that.  I love the movie and I always will.
			
I like this film and have watched it quite a few times and, if i'm
watching it properly (i.e not doing homework or talking on the phone at
the same time) the end always makes me cry...especially when (old) Rose
says about only 6 out of so many thousand people being saved *sniff*it also has some comedy which makes it even better because i don't
think films that are purely romantic are that good as they always end
up being really mushy :)apparently they wanted to cast Matthew McConaughey, from How to Lose a
Guy in Ten Days, as jack which i think would've ruined the film, but
that might just be because you can't imagine the film without Leo!i give the film 8/10 because some bits are a bit strange but it's great
to have a film that you can watch over and over again and still like!!
			
I'm a sucker 4 romance, history and Leonardo DiCaprio, so this movie
captivated me, it felt like u were there, on the doomed ship, the
beauty and elegance of the 1st class captivated me while the fun and
free steerage party made me want 2 dance. the romance was so carefully
done and i loved it, the drawing was sensual and romantic-it was done
so every single girl was left wishing their boyfriends were amazing
artists as well. my only complaint was "my heart will go on" it was a
cute song but Celine Dion-while writing it should not have sung
it-sorry but she cant sing and with that one song has turned all my
guy-friends from watching the movie (which sux because its my fave
movie and now wen we watch movies at each others houses we cant watch
titanic as they r now agsinst the soundtrack) when the ship is sinking
its amazing the way you feel for the people falling off (except for the
lady who slid down it and flashed everyone and the guy who fell off the
end and fell on the propellers-those were funny and provided comic
relief) but the way you just felt sad for the lady with the baby asking
the captain for help, murdoch feeling helpless and shooting himself,
fabritzio getting killed by the funnels and tommy Ryan getting shot.
Kate Winslet gives an unforgettably performance and i suggest she dyes
her hair that colour again because its so gorgeous. i loved what she
wore and i bet every girl wishes they had her wardrobe (before the
sinking obviously). Leonardo DiCaprio was impeccable as the (sexy)
penniless artist who teaches rose how to love and gives her the courage
to "never let go" this is a bawl your eyes out movie and is not to be
missed
			
Titanic is one of the very most well made movies I have ever seen. You
can debate about it's greatness, but it surely is not bad.I saw Titanic on VHS right when it came out, I was about seven or
eight. I didn't really pay attention, but I liked the sinking part. So
it was right after Christmas last year, and I was flipping through
channels and saw that this movie just started on HBO. Hearing a lot
about this film and having nothing better to do at the time, I thought
I'd watch it. Not remembering it at all, and watching about thirty
minutes in, I didn't really expect the ship to sink. I never thought
about it, that is pretty awesome because the people on the ship didn't
expect it. This movie does a very good job of drawing you into the main
characters. You know Jack and Rose are going to end up together, but at
the same time it also gives you a feeling that it's not going to
happen. Watching the movie, you know they want each other. It finally
happens, and you really start to get into the movie. Like I said
before, you don't really wait for the ship to hit the iceburg, you
don't think about it. Then, it finally happens that one night. The
makers of the movie did a very good job on focusing on other characters
meeting their fate while still concentrating on Jack and Rose. The
sinking part is amazing. It does an unbelievable job of showing you how
horrific and huge it really was. It also did a great job of showing you
the event wasn't over once the ship went under the surface. The very
end scene, when Jack and Rose meet in heaven, is brilliant.This movie
is incredibly well made, and for certain not bad as many close minded
people think.Watch the movie with an open mind, and you will not be disappointed.
Many people watch the movie with a closed mind expecting it to be
"gay", and find excuses while watching it. This movie is very, very
well made, flawless, and excellent. One of the very best modern films.
			
no way this novie can NOT be in the Top 100 much less the Top 250, and
with over 10% casting a 1 (ONE) for this novie i smell a fat rat that
smells real bad, who the hell stacked this deck? Or just the normal
"follow the leader" mentality? this is like watching high school kids
decide whos cool and who isn't and once one dummy says it not cool then
everyone else is afraid to go against them. well best movie ever it may
not be but off the top 250 list is a joke, and if you doubt it find one
other 7.0 ranked movie with 10.2% casting a ONE vote, you can look all
day it doesn't exist, IMDb should so some checking and find out who
pulled this BS off,then ban them ALL for life.
			
Why do I love this movie? ...where to begin?? To start out with, I'm a
male and couldn't care less for DiCaprio. I went to see the film
because I thought the sinking scenes looked cool. I still remember
sitting in the theater watching the opening scenes and wondering what
the hell I was watching. It wasn't what I expected. I sat watching with
slight interest, a beautiful love story but I was always anticipating
the iceberg's appearance. By the time the ship did begin sinking the
love story had worked it's magic, I cared for Rose and Jack, I cared
for the passengers and crew and Somehow I found myself hoping against
logic that the ship wouldn't sink. When Jack died and Rose begins "1500
people went into the sea..." I was crying harder than I'd ever cried
and I've never cried at a film before or since. It just hit me like a
ton of bricks that 1500 people died the same way jack did, and while
jack may have never existed, those other 1500 did. Some people bash
this film for the love story, but it helps the audience relate on an
emotional level and offers an unforgettable experience if you open your
heart to it. For the last 15 minutes or so I kept hoping it wouldn't
end because I doubted any ending would be satisfactory. I was
pleasantly surprised though for I consider the final scene in this film
to be one of the most satisfying cinematic endings ever. When the
lights came on I looked around and I can honestly say that I wasn't the
only person sobbing - not by a long shot. I left the theater (at nearly
midnight not the least bit tired) feeling like I had just seen the best
film ever made and that I would never again see something like it. Thus
far, I stand by that. I tend to find that a lot of people who don't like it, did not see it
at the theater and I'm not surprised. It doesn't pack the same punch in
a lit room, full of distractions and on a smaller screen. To add to
that, these first time watchers are expecting to find out what all the
hype was about. Bits and pieces shine through on television but the
full experience is in a dark theater. Now-a-days it's cool to bash this
movie. As with anything popular, there's always a backlash (look at the
macarena if you want proof). This is the most successful film of all
time. It is absolutely amazing how far this film reached, transcending
all demographics. It was a phenomenon still unequaled and i look
forward to watching it age, for it is truly a timeless classic. I doubt
any of this changed anybody's opinion at all, but I hope it shed some
light on mine.
			
I fell in love with this movie instantly after viewing it for the first
time. Many people ridicule this film for its idealistic and often
'mushy' romance, and for the lovers' passionate relationship after
being acquainted for no more than two days. Of course, perhaps
'Titanic' isn't the most believable story of all time, but in my eyes
it's certainly one of the most entertaining. I don't watch movies to
see reality, I see enough of that every day. If reality is what I had
been hoping for when viewing 'Titanic', I would have been sorely
disappointed in the love story (despite it's breathtakingly accurate
portrayal of the ship's infamous death).No, 'Titanic' is more of a fairytale, one that sweeps you away and
holds your attention until it's ending. It is the unforgettable tale of
Jack, a poor but kind-hearted street urchin, and Rose, a wealthy but
misunderstood young woman. When fate brings them together on the first
and last voyage of the Titanic, they must face many trials and
tribulations in order to pursue their forbidden love. Keeping them
apart is Rose's mother, who insists that her daughter marry a stuck-up
rich man, and Cal, Rose's malicious fianc to whom she is to be wedded
by force. While Jack and Rose are willing to face these odds for each
other, there are some things which cannot be faced down, one of them
being an iceberg, the ultimate destruction of their relationship.Despite its joyous fairytale like aspects, it is still very tragic. A
feel-good romance and a tragic epic all in one, like a brilliant cross
between 'Romeo and Juliet' and 'Cinderella'. For the first half of the
movie I was overwhelmed with a wonderful feeling. For the second half I
was near tears. Finally, the movie's amazing conclusion was sending
chills down my spine, and I felt as if I couldn't decide if I was happy
or sad.Leanardo DiCaprio is mischievous yet sweet-natured as Jack, and
masterfully brings across what is, in my opinion, the most memorable
and lovable role in the entire film. I found Kate Winslet almost, yet
not quite, as impressive as DiCaprio in her role as Rose, who although
seeming perfectly content and fortunate outwardly is misunderstood and
desperately miserable inside. Jack sees this hidden part of her,
recognizing her longing for freedom and helps her to fulfill it. The
remaining cast shines as well.Watch this movie. Enjoy it. Forget the real world, and lose yourself in
'Titanic'.
			
I saw Titanic 4 times when it came out ... Still in theaters. I've
never done that. Not before or since. It is not just the story of the
sinking or the loss of life. I mean...there's that story, well-told.
But the love story of Jack and Rose told against the backdrop of an
epic disaster is so poignant. It was a phenomenon...the movie was. I
watched it again tonight ... 20 years later, and it holds up even now.
Titanic is James Cameron's Mona Lisa. His Free Bird. A masterpiece.
Don't listen to the naysayers and haters commenting here on IMDb
...that it's overrated. If anything a film that garnered 11 academy
awards rated a 7.7 on IMDb is grossly UNDERrated. It's a beautiful film
still.
			
Titanic is a film that caught my emotions the very first time I saw it.
It is one of the most successful movies ever made, as well as one of
the most beloved. The plot describes how two young people, Rose and
Jack, meet each other abroad the Atlantic ocean and fall in love. The
way that this movie portrays the tragedy is so beautiful and eye
catching. It is filmed with such color that the audience is just drawn
to it right away. The acting is another strong point of the film. It
gives the audience almost an out-of-body experience as it takes you
through the plot. It is as if we are living the events on the screen:
in a sense they are happening to us. The title "Titanic" automatically
gives off a tragic tone. Everybody knows what happened on the ship.
However, the many different shifts in tone make this film that much
more enjoyable. It connects to the audience's emotions in such a way
that they see all the different perspectives of the movie.
			
Titanic is one of the best films ever made. I love the plot and never
get bored of watching it. The actors fitted into the parts perfectly.
My favorite part is when Jack and Rose got together. I don't like the
park when Jack is stuck handcuffed, but it adds suspense.I also think
that it's funny when he goes to diner with Rose and her friends as he
doesn't know what to do. The saddest part for me is when Jack dies at
the end of it, I think that he and Rose would have made a really good
couple-they could of got married. In my opinion a squeal needs to be
made to find out what happened to Rose and her necklace that she drops
into the sea.
			
...then I finally watched it and discovered a masterpiece! Hands down
one of the best movies ever made!I wanted to keep it at this but the review requires more lines so:First of all, this is what a 200 million dollar movie should look like.
Amazing set pieces and camera-work which genuinely immerse you and take
you to another time and place, top notch special effects, a brilliant
cast,and to me to this day, a still very important reflection on our
priorities in life; decency vs "winning one way or the other",
appeasing and preserving privilege or freeing yourself from a golden
cage, security or real love without any material guarantees. And for the love of god, Jack died in the water, let's save DiCaprio
and ourselves from actual flooding! And no I don't agree, saving our
planet isn't a political statement, it's absolute insanity to not see
that as at least "kinda important". So I am not going into any arguments about technical inaccuracies
however valid they might be. It's a damn movie, Hobbits aren't
realistic either, your argument is invalid. If you can't enjoy this movie, honestly, you are probably spoiling many
movies for yourself.
			
This movie is so well done. The quality is amazing and both actors did
a super great job. What I like most about the movie is that the Rose
and Jack were friends and lovers at the same time. The love theme in
the movie is great and there are a lot of heart-touching moments that
you have to see. This movie will make you capable of falling in love
again and again! Nice romantic vibes. And Leo Dicaprio is gorgeous and
Kate is beautiful as well. If you are so into romance, I am sure this
will be one of the best romantic movies you'll ever see. Get ready for
your heart to beat! Get ready to get goosebumps. Get ready for super
chilly feelings. You're about to watch the great movie, Titanic.
Enjooooy!
			
Have to say, this is the best movie of all times. If you are a future
filmmaker you should see this movie and the making of witch I think is
powerful. Leonardo DiCaprio's performance was incredible. Kate Winslet
was phenomenal, these two actor had a big responsibility. They proof
themselves they were ready for this challenge. James Cameron, his
vision since day 1 was incredible. He took a big risk in Hollywood,
some people in the industry doubt about the success of the film. But he
believe in himself, the project and vision he had for it. Till today
Titanic is the best movie in history. Hard work paid off, Great job
James Cameron.
			
Titanic, directed by James Cameron, earned a whopping 11 Oscars in one
night. Those Oscars include; Best Picture, Best Director, Best
Cinematography, Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, Best Costume Design,
Best Film Editing, Best Effects, Sound Effects Editing, Best Effects,
Visual Effects, Best Music, Original Song, For the song "My Heart Will
Go On", performed by Cline Dion, Best Music, Original Dramatic Score.
It also earned 7.7 stars on IMDb public voters. In my option Titanic
was one of the greatest movies of all time, because of the great acting
scenes and the emotion bond connection I am able to make with the
characters, and with Leonardo DiCaprio staring in the film was just the
icing on the cake.Titanic is a movie about a rich girl, Rose (Kate Winslet) and a poor
boy, Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) or helplessly falls in love with each
other. But Rose (Winslet) is engaged to a rich business man named Cal
Hockley (Billy Zane). Even though Rose (Winslet) doesn't want to marry
Cal, her mother wants her to marry him because they are in need of
money. While on the flip side, Jack Dawson (DiCaprio) is a poor
'floater' who moves from place to place looking to make quick money so
he can survive. When he first sees Kate it was love at first sight for
him, but he doesn't know she is engaged. Later in the film Kate and
Jack fall in love and spend as much time together, of course Rose's
fianc finds out and like any normal man gets extremely upset and
jealous. When he tries to put a stop to it, it backfires in his face.
Meanwhile Captain Edward James Smith (Bernard Hill) gets a message that
there is an ice burg ahead, but he ignores it so he doesn't upset Mr.
Ismay, who wants to keep the boat moving in full speed. He has people
on the lookout, but they don't see the ice burg until the last minute.
The Titanic hits the side of the ice bug causing a big hole in the side
of the boat. As the boat quickly fills with water, people start to
freak out and many lives will be lost as the water engulfs the
'Unsinkable boat'. To me the second best aspect of the film would defiantly be the music.
The first being the characters, but we'll save that for another day.
The music in the Titanic helped build the suspense and also add to the
theme. My Heart Will Go On", performed by Cline Dion, is one of the
best songs in the film. When they added the song to the background, the
ship was sinking, and you saw the fright and terror in everyone's eyes.
It made your heart fill with sorrow and turned on the waterworks. It
was a strong scene with little action, but it spoke loud and clear, and
at the end became of the best scenes in Titanic.My overall opinion of the movie is it was one of the best movies I have
ever seen. If you want to see a classic movie that will make you cry
this is the first movie I will suggest to anyone. Even if don't like
some of the actors or actresses, you will inevitably fall in love with
them through the Titanic. If I were to give this movie my own personal
rating, it would be a trillion times infinity.
			
Titanic, one of the fine movies in the world, it was so impressed me.
Love has no borders, hierarchies. One of the most touching scenes from
the movie was the band members playing their instruments to calm
passengers even as the ship was sinking. And the ship was sinking more
and more faster. It's a tragic event and story. But Many people may
felt it was beautiful story, even if it is so catastrophic.The Titanic
collided with a glacier and sank to the bottom of the ocean. When I was
a little kid, I really hated the glacier..And I cried with my brother.
This was so special gigantic movie.And even now, I can't forget about
the last scene. Many dramas and films copy that scene. In the last
scene, they were living and smiling. Because of the end of the scene, I
cried a lot. This movie was so beautiful and touching.
			
Being seen as one of the greatest movies in Hollywood, this film
deserves well over ten stars. The cast members perfectly match their
historical/fictional characters; Leonardo DiCaprio as Jack Dawson, Kate
Winslet as Rose DeWitt Bukater, Billy Zane as Caledon Hockley and many
more. The storyline is epic and romantic at the same time, and the
script is very well written. James Cameron has done a great job
bringing the disastrous story of Titanic back to life and giving it a
romance between the two main characters. I must say, Leo DiCaprio has
perfected his deaths. A good movie for the modern day teenage girl to
watch.
			
Titanic is one movie which had me glued to screen for the entire 3
hours... Technically brilliant as well as emotionally satisfying. James
Cameroon has taken cinematic experience to a different level.jack and Rose are so so lovable.Leonardo and Kate have done a
commendable job.I just cannot imagine any other lead pair for this
movie.The last scene where the jack dies made me cry, it was heart breaking
and I realized why this movie made in the first place. It was made to
make us feel the sadness one feels when he/she loose their loved ones.The chemistry between Jack and Rose is simply amazing.Now that is
Romance for you on the screen.Again credit must go to James Cameroon.Music of this film is so pleasant and I often hum it quite often.Finally I would like to say that if you haven't watched Titanic you
have missed something in your life....One movie for the lifetime!10/10 :)
			
TITANIC, that preposterously beautiful film made in 1997 with a very
young Leonardo Di Caprio and Kate Winslet, James Cameron's Magnum Opus,
continues to impress, especially when viewed yet again on New Year's
Day 2012 - a fifteen year old film that remains one of the most
impressive cinematic achievements from Hollywood. One of the many
reasons it remains resonant is the manner in which the film addresses
class systems - the wealthy versus the poor is a hot topic today and
the film shows us why - and the extraordinary cinematic recreation of
the sinking of that mighty ship.But for many the manner in which Cameron sets the tone of the story,
the reminiscence of the elderly Rose unraveling the tale to her
granddaughter and crew of ship Keldysh attempting to raise the Titanic
now 84 years on the bottom of the ocean and carrying that theme through
the course of the film, seems more cogent today than even at movie's
release. Gloria Stewart is radiant as the old Rose and her rapt
audience includes Bill Paxton, Suzy Amis, Lewis Abernathy, Nicholas
Cascone, and Anatoly M. Sagalevitch. From there the opulence of the
'unsinkable' Titanic unfolds and the gradual love affair between Rose
Bukater (Kate Winslet) and poor artist Jack Dawson (Leonardo Di
Caprio), a relationship at risk from the brewings of Rose's mother
(Frances Farmer) and Rose's intended (Billly Zane). The cruise lasted
from April 10, 1912 to April 15, 1912, but it was a lifetime of
commitment between the young lovers.In retrospect the performances by some fine actors who would continue
to rise is of note: Ioan Gruffudd, Victor Garber, David Warner, Danny
Nucci etc. The film could have used some editing to reduce the length,
and the presence of the unsinkable Molly Brown (Kathy Bates in a wasted
role) though historically accurate ads very little to the film and even
distracts a bit. Still TITANIC is just that - titanic - and no matter
how many times we see it, it never fails to impress. Grady Harp
			
Based off of the true sinking of the steam liner in 1912, James
Camerons' 1996 Titanic is a tragic love story of two teenagers who fall
in love on the tragic ship. Rose DeWitt Bukater (Rose) is a first-class
passenger who is engaged to a wealthy man named Cal, while Jack Dawson
is a third- class passenger who with his best friend won his boarding
ticket in a lucky hand of poker. While Rose tries to commit suicide
because of her unhappy life Jack stops her and from then their
friendship begins. It quickly turns into a romance after Rose sees what
an exciting life she could be living as a third-class passenger.
Although her fianc tries to keep her away from him, Rose still manages
to stay with Jack up until the very end as Titanic hits an iceberg and
slips away into the darkness. Unfortunately Jack makes Rose promise
that she will never give up hope and he eventually dies from the
extreme cold.This movie has gotten nothing but endless criticism, but the fact is
that it is a movie for the ages. The movie has numerous messages but
the central one is the ability to trust a complete stranger with your
life even in the darkest and most terrifying of times. The first time
you see this movie it completely changes the way you perceive things
about not only love but about life. Two strangers from different social
classes fall in love on a ship after only knowing each other for a few
days. Despite all their differences and difficulties they manage to
stay together until the very end. This movie proves that trust conquers
everything.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet fit into their roles wonderfully.
Kate, who plays Rose, is able to transition into the role of a damsel
in distress perfectly. Leonardo, who plays Jack, has a trusting face
and charming appeal. Both are able to pull of their roles beautifully
and are very excellent actors. Billy Zane, who plays the evil but
charming Cal, puts some tension in the movie which makes the story only
more suspenseful as it already it.James Cameron created a film that is so moving that still to this date
is one of the highest grossing films of all time, only being beaten by
the film Avatar which was also a James Cameron production. There are a
countless number of love stories that all have the same happily ever
after ending but this story has a twist and it might play a part to the
movie being so memorable. This movie brought a whole new interest in
not only the horrible tragedy that unfolded in that fateful spring
morning of 1912 but also to romance of these two lovers who everyone
believes are true historical facts.Every time I watch this movie I see or learn something new. It is the
only movie that I will always remember about because it moves me in
ways that words cannot describe. James Cameron makes us feel deeply
about ideas and things we rarely dare to imagine and therefore I give
this movie a 10/10 rating.
			
i don't care what this so called critics think about this
film.personally i fell that this is the greatest movie ever made in the
entire film industry of this planet.A touching and a memorable love
story that every one keeps in their minds and a true incident of a
disaster told in very heart full way.i think everyone watched dis movie
will justify that.Am just disappointed to see such a low rating given
to this film.There are many films IMDb with ratings above 9 that
doesn't come any where near to this film.I don't want to name those
films but this a true injustice done to this film after giving a true
film for us to keep in our minds for the rest our lifes
			
If there is one film that has the complete package and that could
probably be appreciated by people from all walks of life,the 1997
movie,Titanic is it.No wonder it remains the highest-grossing film of
all-time.Titanic is an epic film written and directed as well as co-produced,
and co-edited by James Cameron.It stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Jack
Dawson, Kate Winslet as Rose DeWitt Bukater and Billy Zane as Rose's
fianc,Cal Hockley.It also features Frances Fisher,Bill Paxton,Kathy
Bates,Danny Nucci,Bernard Hill,Victor Garber and Gloria Stuart as the
100 year-old Rose.It is a fictionalized account of the sinking of the
RMS Titanic wherein its passengers,Jack and Rose are members of
different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during its
ill-fated maiden voyage.Writer-director James Cameron employed
state-of-the-art digital special effects for this production and
realized it on a monumental scale that made the movie the most
expensive to produce and the most successful box office hit to date.The story of Titanic involves American treasure-seeker Brock Lovett
retrieving artifacts from the submerged ship. Lovett looks for diamonds
but finds a drawing of a young woman, nude except for a necklace. When
100-year-old Rose reveals she's the person in the portrait, she is
summoned to the wreckage site to tell her story of the 56-carat diamond
necklace and her experiences of many years earlier. The scene then
shifts to 1912 Southampton where passengers boarding the Titanic
include penniless Jack Dawson and society girl Rose DeWitt Bukater,
returning to Philadelphia with her wealthy fianc Cal Hockley. After
the April 10th launch, Rose develops a passionate interest in Jack, and
Cal's reaction is vengeful. At midpoint in the film, the Titanic slides
against the iceberg and water rushes into the front compartments. Even
engulfed, Cal continues to pursue Jack and Rose as the massive liner
begins its descent. After her story is complete,Rose goes alone to the
stern of Lovett's ship and drops her jewelry known as Heart Of The
Ocean into the sea.The movie remains the greatest and most spectacular demonstration of
what modern technology can contribute to dramatic storytelling.Aside
from that,it is an extraordinary achievement in film making wherein
technology astounds but better yet the human story shines even
brighter.Credit the performances of the talented cast especially
DiCaprio,Winslet and Stuart.The story also touches all themes that
possesses a winning combination of a tale that both modern and old-
fashioned. Added to that,credit also goes to James Horner for the film
for it was full of beauty and magical."My Heart Will Go On",the movie's
love theme that was composed by Horner and sung by Celine Dion,will
always be memorable and treasured by viewers for many years to come. Overall,there is nothing to dislike in Titanic for it is a winner not
only in every aspect of film making attested by the 11 Academy Awards
it has won but for the taste of viewers all over the world alike.
			
There has been so many movies about the Titanic before but what makes
this one stand so high above the rest is that it actually brings the
audience in where it no longer feels like another fact based story that
we all know about. It becomes much more than that. I can appreciate
some peoples criticism over the movie being based on 2 fictional
characters and that they feel it overshadowed the sinking of the great
ship but in my opinion, that's why we, as an audience feel so
overwhelmed. With these 2 characters we get to learn what it was like
for the poor as well as the rich and many people lost their loved ones
that night so really I feel that the ship was full of Rose and Jack's.
I admit it really takes off when the ship hits the iceberg and it was
great to follow these characters right until the ship sinks. James
Cameron has done a brilliant job of bringing the audience in because
you find yourself constantly asking "What if that was me?". I feel that
this movie certainly does the ship and all those actual people on it
justice. It's a tragic reminder of what they actually went through.
Fantastic movie and I don't want to spoil this movie completely but you
really need your tissues at the end.
			
For as long as I can remember I have been fascinated with the story of
the Titanic. When I was a child I watched everything I could from TV
documentaries to repeats of "A Night to Remember". I remember the
excitement I felt when they finally found the sunken ship that had been
missing for over 70 years. So, when I saw the first previews of James
Cameron's movie about the Titanic in 1997, I was very interested in
seeing it. That was until I heard that it was going to be a love story.
Once I heard that, I was split on whether or not I wanted to see it.
However, after reading more about the movie and the detail that was put
into recreating the events of that fateful night, my interest was
renewed. Cameron did an excellent job of blending a fictional story,
albeit a love story, with the actual stories of the Titanic. His
accurate use of facts such as a woman over hearing Ismay suggesting to
the captain to light the last boilers. In that seen you can see a woman
seated behind the two as she hears him tell the captain this. Another,
is the story of the chef who survived the sinking. It is a well known
fact that he was intoxicated at the time of the sinking, and that
witnesses say that he stayed on the ship until the very end. But more
importantly, I believe that through the use of a love story that
connects with the viewer, Cameron was able to tell the story of all the
lives that where lost that night and the pain that they must have felt.
I know the movie made an impact on me, and not because of the love
story, but because for the first time I saw the true story of the loss
of life that happened that night.
			
Let me start by saying that I watched Cameron's Titanic several times
and each time with the same interest and feelings. I am a male, but
this movie brings tears to my eyes every single time. Obviously not
everybody is affected by it it as much as I was, perhaps expecting to
see a documentary rather then romance and a sad story (wonderfully
acted and filmed by the way). One should realize that this is far from
a clinical examination of how the most famous ocean liner actually
sank, but is really a story about love and devotion which just happens
(whether real or not) to take place on a sinking ship. I do not believe
Cameron intended to give an accurate account of an historical event
here, and I am surprised how some critics fail to realize this.So if you're looking for a historical documentary, you won't find it
here, but if you like a very well made romantic movie, some wonderful
acting from Winslet and DiCaprio, and a drama created by a sinking ship
you've come to the right place.
			
Titanic is just fantastic, everything about this film is just wonderful
from the actors, costumes, sets, music everything... Even the love
story between Jack and Rose may not be true, it just feels so real when
watching the movie. Leonardo DiCaprio is just wonderful, his character
Jack is so sweet and lovely. I am sure every girl wants a guy like Jack
who has it all. Kate Winslet is just out-of-the-world as character
Rose. She gave an Oscar winning performances in Titanic. Billy Zane
plays his character Cal very well. Kathy Bates plays her character
Molly Brown (Who is a real character) very, very, very well. She was
the right actress for the role. All of the other cast members were
fantastic!My favourite scenes are: Titanic re-lives, Rose Jumping Off the
Titanic, Heart of the Ocean necklace, 3rd Class Dance, I'm flying, Rose
drawing, the sinking of the Grand Staricase, the break-up of Titanic,
the final moments of Titanic, the ending...James Cameron did a very good job in making this movie. For me, it is
his best film. Again, for me Avatar may be the biggest movie of all
time, but Titanic will remain as the biggest movie in my heart and
head! Well, Titanic is still the second biggest film of all time...
Also the I'M FLYING SCENE is the biggest and best scene in the history
of Hollywood up to today.Overall a MUST SEE MOVIE! Get the DVD now! Even the deleted scenes were
excellent...My Titanic review: 10/10 EXCELLENT!
			
I watched this movie when I was 7 yrs old, in a theater here in
Bangalore, and - you guessed it - nothing went into my head. I remember
even asking my dad what the round thing was during the "nude" scene!
The only thing I remember was seeing my dad in tears when it ended.I watched it again just yesterday and I was moved to tears by the end.
Everything just seemed to fit with this movie: the score, the visuals,
the performances and the dialogue, all seemed to fit smoothly like a
glove. OK, some of the dialogue was cheesy and made you go "oh come
on!" but others were memorable even to the point of quoting.This movie was divided into two halves which differed so much that
you'd be surprised they were parts of the same movie. But I have to say
the second half showed a side of directing and storytelling I haven't
felt in the fifteen years since this movie came out: it showed
strength.James Cameron, I know now, kept Avatar on the back-burner, completed
Titanic and then continued work on Avatar. I mean, what can I say. You
gotta hand it over to him for making two of the most popular movies
till date, and that too back-to-back. Titanic went on to sweep the
Oscars with 11, and although Avatar managed just the 3, visually it was
as stunning and marvelous as this one was.Fittingly the movie ends with Celine Dion's "My heart will go on". By
then I was shivering and this song at the end brought all those
bottled-up tears out! Titanic will be in my Top 10 movies of all-time
for years to come. Nothing can beat its sheer storytelling power. Must
watch. 9/10
			
This is an amazing movie, plain and simple. The acting is great, the
visuals are incredible, it's all good, all of it. I have one nag about
this movie. I have a hard time believing that Jack and Rose would be
THAT much in love after only knowing each other for like, 3 days.
Seriously? They've known each other for 3 days and their having sex.
That really annoys me, but other than that, everything is brilliant.
The first half of the movie is well acted by everybody, the
cinematography is beautiful throughout, it's all great. The second half
of the movie is utter brilliance beyond belief. I was almost crying
watching that ship sink. James Cameron is a genius. Everything about
this movie is awesome except the fact that Jack and Rose didn't know
each other for more than 3 days. The writing was a little clich and
hokey, but all-in-all, this movie is beyond awesome, and is one of my
favorites.
			
In the 90's and 80's, director James Cameron was king of the world.
Next to Steven Spielberg. He was a director that made groundbreaking
motion pictures, like Spielberg. But did Spielberg make two of three of
the top films ever made? No. Though Spielberg's films are a little
better, Cameron's films are timeless.Cameron, who directed films like Avatar, Terminator and T2, should be
most proud of 1997's best picture winning Titanic. Though Avatar was
visually astonishing, it was no Titanic. Both films are dramas, both a
little romance, both epic. But really? Can you top a film like Titanic?Titanic is one of the best films ever made. It truly is something
beautiful. I know it's a little late to write a review about it but I
have never appreciated it til now. I mean i'd always liked it but have
never really loved it like I do now.I'm sure we all know how the film goes. Cause everyone has seen it. A
group of researchers are looking for a necklace call"The heart of the
ocean". The person who has it is a 100 year old woman named Rose. While
searching for the necklace, Rose tells the story of what happened to
her while aboard "The Titanic".What happened? Well, Rose, at once engaged to a jerk(played by Billy
Zane), falls in love with a poor boy named Jack(played by Leonardo
DiCaprio). The two of them experience tons of things, even risking
their lives for each other. Until the terrible crash on the iceberg. Titanic is a sweeping epic. It's beautiful, well acted, romantic, at
first sad but now you'll probably get over it. The ending,for years,
has made people angry. Eventually now we'll have to accept it. But that
Rose is kind of a double crosser.Kate Winslet is a terrific actress,don't get me wrong. But she didn't
deserve the nomination over Leonardo Dicaprio. The Oscars have cheated
him many times. He deserves something I think. Especially for Gilbert
Grape.Someday, he will receive something.The two actors had terrific chemistry together. That's why when they
reunited for Revolutionary road,where instead of playing two lovers
they play a couple that hates each other, I was surprised. I loved that
movie too.Why did IMDb give it a rating it the 7's? I don't get it. This movie is
flawless. I know it's long. But it doesn't matter. My favorite film,
Magnolia, is 3 hours long too but I don't care. All great films are
long. The best ones are long. Hence, why Titanic is one of the greatest
films ever made. If you haven't seen it, there's something wrong with
you. Titanic sweeps you.Titanic: 4/4*Note* I have just seen Titanic 3-D and it is still the spectacular
film it was then... but possibly even better.
			
I'm just a fifteen year old with a large amount of study behind myself.
I saw this movie at first when my dad purchased it in 1998 when I was
three. When I grew up a little, I thought the acting was brilliant
throughout. I was completely mesmerized by the film. When I was old
enough to understand the movie and history behind Titanic, I took
advantage of the opportunity to study it. I learned the true facts and
I cannot get enough. The event has been the focus of study time outside
of school for about seven years. This movie inspired me to go out and
study the ship and time period in history... Yes it's a romantic
tragedy, and Leonardo Dicaprio is quite attractive and Kate Winslet is
so gorgeous, I'm jealous! But I don't think that they were the main
part... Titanic, the disaster was the true focus in this film. If
Cameron were to create a documentary, how many movie goers would he get
to see Titanic? Not many... So throw in a heart-wrenching romance for
crying out loud! It's Hollywood, everyone knows it won't be COMPLETELY
factual, they're going to try to get as many movie goers as possible.
The movie was so greatly recognized because its a perfect ratio of
occasional humor, tension, thrilling race of survival, and the kind of
love that everyone dreams of having (that ends in this life with Jack,
but continues in Roses heart forever). On that note of love continuing
forever in a person's heart, "My Heart Will Go On" is my number one
favorite song ever. Celine has got the most wonderful voice I've ever
heard and she was definitely right for the theme song of the most
moving movie of all time. I live in a town that isn't too diverse,
besides money. Here, you're wealthy or poor. Not too many in between...
and the 1st and 3rd class attitudes toward each other don't differ much
from in the movie and in my hometown. The part of Titanic that gets me
besides the facts/history is courage in the face of danger (as said on
the cover of most copies of Titanic). The bow scene when Rose lets
herself go into Jack and "soars into a night without fear" (on the
script) shows how quickly passengers and crew were taken by surprise,
as they feared nothing on the most glorious ship in the world. The
disaster of Titanic is something I view as a sign to not get too
comfortable, to never challenge nature; Titanic justifies just this.
Hitting back on the movie itself, Titanic couldn't have been better.
Casting was amazing, effects were brilliant beyond belief, and the
story is a winner. Honestly, if this movie weren't made, I would of
recognized the study of Titanic as my first love; but it wouldn't have
been stunted as quickly as it was after seeing the film. -Brilliant
acting. -Great casting. -Amazing effects. -Tragedy/Romance. -A little
history. What more could you ask for in a movie? Good job Cameron,
couldn't have been done better.
			
Its been 13 years since James Cameron award winning epic hit the
theatres and took the world by storm. Even after all these years
Titanic is just as impressive, this is truly a film that will never
lose its power, easily on par with the classic epic "Gone With The
Wind" and in my personal opinion it may even be better.The romance between the beautiful upper class Rose (winslet) and the
poor,charming Jack (dicaprio) is truly one of the most beautiful and
touching ever put to screen. Theirs is a romance so passionate,
trusting and ultimately tragic is hard not to be moved. Rose and Jack
also happen to be one of the greatest and most memorable couples in
cinema history.A massive part of making this couple so memorable its the wonderful
performances from Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. Winslet is
captivating as the spirited Rose, you really feel her inner torment at
her restricted life, her overbearing mother and controlling
husband-to-be Cal. Dicaprio lights up the screen with his charm, easily
one of the best actors of his generation he gives another strong,
highly natural performance as the free spirited jack. As a character
Jack is also incredibly likable, the ideal man in all respects, its
very easy to see why Rose could fall so head over heels for this
handsome artist. Winslet and Dicaprio also have extraordinary chemistry
making their performances even better as they play perfectly off one
another. Supporting cast also do a great job, Kathy Bates gives a great warmth
and sense of humour to Molly Brown, Billy Zane is brilliant as Cal,
providing just enough to make him the perfect villain but there is a
sense of humanity there to. Frances Fisher playing Rose's cold and
snobbish mother Ruth is perfect in everyway. Simply put James Cameron knows how to direct, he has a knack for
creating these thrilling, visual masterpieces that rival anything we
have ever seen (Titanic,Avatar). Titanic is an epic through and
through, the sets are incredible and the cgi is still highly impressive
(in fact it is miles better than 99% of todays cgi). You actually feel
you are on the Titanic yourself such is the care and attention to
detail within this film. The last act which involves the sinking of the
ship is possibly some of the most thrilling pieces of cinema ever
captured. This is Hollywood at its best.Camerons writing skills are less impressive, this is far from a
perfect, mind blowing script but it is a good one nonetheless. There
are some wonderful exchanges between Jack and Rose as they begin their
love affair and thanks to a mixture of talented actors and sweet
dialogue it all works wonderfully. My only, very minor issue with the
dialogue would be the overuse of "jack" and "rose"...for example i
believe Rose utters the word "jack" 78 times, Cameron seems to forget
that we don't actually use peoples names 24/7....however this is just a
very minor fault and really does nothing to spoil the film
what-so-ever. There are some cheesy lines (as would be expected in a
romance) but they work thanks to the actors delivering them, they are
uttered with such passion,heartbreak,joy that they end up sounding
natural and in fact totally in place.The score by James Horner is breaktaking, a soundtrack of epic
proportions to say the least. Horner succeeds in creating a score that
is larger than life and at the same time highly unconventional. He
knows when to be soft and subtle which is hard to find in most
soundtracks today. Arguably some of his best work this score only
furthers this films breaktaking execution. Despite minor script flaws and some small historical inaccuracies
Titanic is still in my mind a perfect film. Such is the level of care
put into this film, such is the level of talent from everyone to the
stunt men, actors,set designers etc that any flaw is soon forgotten or
even better not even noticed. This film is a touching,beautiful romance, its an epic thriller, its a
period piece and its an action film....this film has everything any
audience member could ever want and it strikes a perfect balance
between them. One of the greatest films of the 20th Century Titanic is an epic like
no other.
			
this movie is the best movie i seen in years. This movie is about 3
hours long and it felt like the movie was only 1 hour. Leonardo
DiCaprio did an awesome job in this movie. So as Kate Winslet. James
Cameron is the best director ever. This movie made me cry. The very
last part is very sad. A very good movie about a titanic ship and about
a women's life. All the people who think this is a f*** sh** think
again... Cause' If you hate this movie you have no life. Anyways very
sad and good movie. This movie is very underrated. It should be in the
top 250 list. I recommend this movie highly. Please go see it now! My
Rating:10/10
			
Winner of 11 Oscars. One of only three films to do so (Lord of the
Rings 3, and Ben-Hur). Titanic is definitely the best of the 3. This
movie has great acting, writing (even though James Cameron is not a
really good writer) and great direction (including special effects).
Leonardo DiCaprio (The Departed) and Kate Winslet (The Reader) are both
great. This movie is completely true to the story of the titanic
(except Jack & Rose, who are made up characters).The fact that this movie isn't on IMDb's top 250 list is a sin. It
should be in the top 10! Stupid trolls. The only reason it's not is
because all the Avatar haters rated this a 1 when the didn't even see
it.I gave it a 10/10. I wish I could give it an 11. It's awesome.
			
A true moving epic that quite literally moves you off your feet as you
are swept into a class driven land of its own. Cameron will never
better this film as it is the best he's ever made in my opinion. The
acting is top notch, the script is even better and his use of colour,
fades, and cuts make the movie a true work of art. The storyline cannot
be questioned throughout as it is 100% true which is the true beauty of
this utter work of art...I must have seen this film over 10 times and
every time i watch it the music is outstanding and use to superb effect
throughout the film. This tear dropping epic should be seen by all and
admired by all of us. Cameron Avatar was amazing but this is better...
			
If there's any movie that will make you fall in love, this would be it.
The setting is beautiful and the performances from the cast compliment
the film nicely, particularly the leading roles portrayed by Leonardo
DiCaprio and the deservedly Oscar-winning Kate Winslet. The romance
shown is one that will have you in tears and will make you fall in love
yourself. You do engage with all the characters nicely, particularly
couples watching who are in love themselves, the story really draws you
in, and also the ending is almost guaranteed to have you reaching for
the tissues as you dry your tears. There is no wonder that this is
considered possibly the most romantic movie ever shown on screen and
the ultimate tear-jerker!
			
The years past fast and I still remember when everyone talked about
going to see the movie Titanic. I don't like to go to the movies so I
didn't care much about it. However, as the weeks passed my interest on
going to watch the movie increased. Finally, one day my family invited
me to go see it, and I decided to go to the theater. The movie
impressed me a lot, it was sincerely wonderful. I still remember the
scene when Jack took Rose to the end of the ship, and she opened her
arms, while a beautiful song played and the wind hit her hair. The fact
that the romantic story developed from a historical event made the
movie more interesting. The effects that portrayed the crash and sink
of the Titanic ship were incredible. Finally, the end of the movie
seemed as sad as it had to have been when thousands of people lost
their lives when the ship sank in 1912. Good luck to James Cameron
(Director), Leonardo DiCaprio (main actor), Kate Winslett (main
actress) and all of those who made possible the production of this
jewel of the cinematography world.
			
i love this move and after 13 years of movies that lost its sense in
true love this movie was quite refreshing. i must say that this movie
is the best movie ever created, produced, imagined. this movie brought
me to tears. i find that the movie "Avatar" also one of Cameron's films
of outstanding after the 4th time i have watched it but i must say that
"Titanic" was by far much better. Kate Winslet (rose) was a perfect
woman for the job, i only wish that i was in love with this person in
such a manner but of course nothing like this happening (lol, might
sound kind of creepy but i hope not in a negative way) anyways, this
movie is by far my most favorite i think that it completely smashes
every movie including "Avatar" into little bits. however, i found that
this movie will always be my favorite. i feel like after watching this
film that i kind of seek a love that is with a person like Kate Winslet
in this film but as life is not perfect it will only be a dream. lol, i
almost forgot that this was a review, lol, but overall, this is a great
movie to watch over and over, and over.i also believe that this would
be a great film to watch over and over again 1,000 years from now even
100 years from now, i believe that this film will still be the best
film ever created, produced, and imagined. and like the love in this
film i believe that the heart will go on. i highly recommend, that you
see this film.
			
James Cameron's masterpiece a movie that has Almost everything in it
love romance Heroism and sacrifice and unbridled Evil. And the best
part most of it is true. Cameron's Titanic is a fictional story told
from the most part between two tragic lovers Rose Dewitt and Jack
Dawson. Winslet and Decaprio deliver career making performances here. I
had been impressed with Decaprio from What's eating Gilbert Grape and
discovered this young man can act He stole a movie from Johnny Depp not
a easy thing to do. But anyways. Rose is going to be forced into a
loveless marriage to a heartless millionaire wonderfully played in a
sleazy manner by Billy Zane. Rose's Mother was once married to a man
who was once Rich but spent all the money and Died on them leaving them
only a name some social connections and a mountain of debt. So Rose
must marry a detestable man for his money. In fact once they reach
America they will be married. Jack Dawson is a drifter and a dreamer
who goes where the wind blows him and the wind gives him a ticket to
the third class passenger section of Titanic. Jack is a artist who
cares for the adventure of life. Things happen when he rescues Rose
from a suicide attempt and she introduces him to her world and
discovers they will not make a place for Jack in their world he is
beneath them. Jack introduces her to his world and she discovers people
who are dirt poor but Rich in other ways They are so alive and vibrant
and she discovers within herself the strength to move beyond matters of
wealth and social standing. However Rose's Mother and her groom to be
have discovered that Rose has fallen for Jack and all their planning in
now in danger. Then comes the unthinkable the Titanic hits an iceberg
and begins to flood. The Captain is given the dire news in an hour all
of this will be at the bottom of the Atlantic. the news is met with
horror skeptics scoff at the idea of the unsinkable Titanic sinking and
the people are now drawn into battles of classes first class passengers
first all others after. Jack and Rose struggle to survive the death of
Titanic and to try to find some meaning after the ship has died and
gone down to the bottom of the ocean. There is a beginning story that
frames the entire movie involving men and women diving on Titanic
looking for treasure and getting involved with old Rose who tells the
story. But the Real story here is Cameron's dedication to detail he
spent fives years diving on the Titanic and interviewing survivors his
quest for accuracy was an obsession that paid off Big. I took my wife
to see this movie back when it had just been released and I groaned
thru the romance and I laughed at the end when Dicaprio's Heroic Jack
Dawson makes a big sacrifice in fact my wife called me a caveman with
no feelings. However 13 years later I saw the film on TV again and
watched it from the beginning and I Caught all of it. And I understood
it better now that all the hype has died down and the Cult of Decaprio
has quietly gone away that this movie is a human tragedy and that love
knows no boundaries and that somethings should always be remembered no
matter how painful. James Cameron created a masterpiece and maybe the
movie by which he will always be remembered.
			
I find it so amazing that even after all these years, we are STILL
talking about this movie! Obviously this movie wasn't THAT bad or else
people wouldn't even BOTHER to talk about it. I personally enjoyed this
film immensely, and still do! I guess this film isn't for everyone, but
it certainly did touch the hearts of many.As for those that think that this film is "overrated" or
"over-hyped"...well, we only have the movie-going public to thank for
that! lol* You see, it's not CRITICS/article writers that make a film
"HUGE" or a "HIT" with the general movie-going public. PEOPLE make the
film a huge success. With Titanic, everyone was in awe. Let's face it,
a film like this had never been made before. At least not with the type
of special effects needed to really capture the essence of the ship
actually sinking. This film is so accurate that even James Cameron
timed the actual sinking of the ship in the film with the REAL sinking
that fateful day in April 1912. Even the silverware for goodness sakes
matched! Give this movie a break you guys! The critics thought this
movie would sink BIG time! When this movie actually came out and people
started hearing by WORD OF MOUTH (which is the BEST form of
advertisement mind you) that this was a good/decent/movie worth seeing,
then everyone started flocking to the theaters in droves to see this
movie...not once, not twice, but maybe 3 times and more! So, I really
wouldn't say that this movie was "overhyped"...at least not like the
buildup for the MATRIX reloaded or the HULK is being "overhyped". ha!
Critics didn't even think that Titanic would make enough money to cover
Cameron's gigantic film budget that it took to make this mammoth of a
film. However, the films money took care of that 200 million budget and
MUCH more! Personally, I LOVE this film. However, this film might not
be for everyone. DOn't say that this film sucks just because of romance
though! THat is the most sexist thing I've ever heard! Disliking a
movie just because it has romance in it! The story was sweet. The
dialogue could have been better, but let's face it...the REAL star of
the movie wasn't Leo or Kate...it was that GIGANTIC Ship! I think all
of the actors including DiCaprio and Winslet did a fine job. It's not
their best work (I've seen much BETTER work from both of them) but it
wasn't the WORST I've seen on screen before. Give them a break!
			
I absolutely adore this movie and it is one of my favorites of all
time. Of course, so many people love to despise this film because of
it's major success. And a lot of people don't want to admit that they
actually enjoyed it. But, alas, I am certainly not one of those people. I thought the movie was a beautiful testament to the power of true
love. And for those of you that thought this love story was corny,
fake, or unreal, than you obviously haven't yet experienced the
feeling. Leonardo DiCaprio, in the role that made him super-famous, was
fantastic, even though it was not the best role in either of the main
actors career. Kate and Leo are absolutely my favorite actors. The
supporting cast did an excellent job, especially Billy Zane and the
fabulous Kathy Bates. Oh, and one more thing...I wish that people would stop with the
age-stereotypes on this film. So many people say that only teenage
girls would like this "crappy" movie. I'm sorry, but that is untrue.
When you say that, it is like you are saying that teenage girls are
immature and only went to see this because of Leo. I take offense to
that. Age is a number, not what determines whether of not you like a
film. I am a teenage girl, but if you have read any of my comments,
you'd realize that I am most certainly not immature. So stop
generalizing, okay.
			
some movies don't live up to their hype, some don't even live up to be
movies. But this; this one does that and so much more. James Cameron's
Titanic tells the story of Jack Dawson a poor and down on his luck
painter who scores tickets for passage on the "Unsinkable" Titanic,
there he meets Rose Dewitt Bukator. Rose is traveling to Philadelphia
to marry her rich snob of a fiance Caledon "Cal" Hockley, and on the
way the two become fast friends and soon fall in love. For those of you
who have heard the story or haven't heard of it at all this is the
movie to watch. All be it it's not a hundred percent accurate but it
does well with telling the tragic story of the titanic. The Titanic is
a monumental achievement of film making at it's best and also one of
the highest grossing film's of all time, It's a beautiful film with
great heart and soul; you feel every emotion that's in the film love,
joy, angry, sorrow ,fear and anguish. Titanic is a romantic film that
no other in the genre can follow or surpass, it's an amazing love story
and tear jerker all rolled up into one. James Cameron creates a
beautiful and breathtaking scenery and magnificent special effects in a
film to end all film's. Titanic is one of the greatest film's ever made
and will continue to inspire people to believe in fate, and in love.
			
I don't know why people complain about the affects they are wonderful
and me I am a Titanic fan a big one not for the movie but for the ship
I have done a lout of research before I saw this movie and when I saw
the movie I was amazed of how well it followed the history I wish he
showed what happened on the Carpathia though because that was a battle
as well as the night it sank but it was already a long movie so I cant
blame him and if anyone thinks Jack and Rose were really passengers on
Titanic they are wrong but that is OK I had that same question when I
watched it but they did great what happened that night and it makes me
fell apart of Titanic when I leave if anyone is interested in the the
Titanic they can see Ghoust of the Abyss James Cameron directed it and
he is in it the movie is about him and his crew diving down to the ship
and some of the history you will also notice some of the actors in the
movie Titanic in that documentary but it is entertaining and funny in
some parts
			
a movie that will stand the test of time! Winner of a big 11 Oscars and
very well deserved. A gigantic blockbuster and also a modern
masterpiece! the most expensive movie ever made as well the greatest
film of the decade. an epic romance and a big action packed thrill
ride. A rich girl meets and falls for a poor artist. Their love cannot
be stopped but the luxury liner hits an iceberg and starts to sink...
Featuring classic moments, amazing action and massive set pieces, an
amazing cast featuring Leonardo Dicaprio and Kate Winslet. A triumphant
achievement and a movie to cherish forever. An unforgettable journey of
cinema magic. The greatest epic tale ever!
			
Titanic is the most beautiful story of two lovers. The story is about a
young woman named Rose, who feels trapped. She goes on the titanic with
her fianc and mother. Her mother is making her marry her fianc for
the money. On board the ship, she meets Jack, a young, poor painter who
won a ticket to titanic. Rose finds adventure and love with Jack. She
knows that she wants to be with him forever, even though her mother
doesn't want her involved with him because he doesn't have a penny to
his name. Tragedy strikes when an iceberg hits the Titanic; Jack and
Rose must find a way to survive this fatal accident and try to live
before it's too late for help to come. Will Jack and Rose find a way to
survive? Or will they die within hours or maybe even minutes in the
cold ice water?
			
How can i begin this? Every movie has it's own era: for example, Ben
Hur in 1959 is monumental; if you watched this movie you simply enjoyed
it: actors, visual effects, costumes, the story itself, the way of
shooting, music, everything it's spectacular, it's an epic movie and i
have to say it deserves all the Academy Award prizes. So is happening
with Titanic which is different from Ben Hur because there are some 50
years of evolution, now we have special effects, better visual effects
and sound editing and so on, but the both movies are epic with huge
budget, many actors and people involved in the project, great story;
both movies deserve their appreciation and prizes, and the best critics
in the world know that. In my opinion, these two are the best movies ever made; everything is
spectacular and fascinating at them; i watch them with a great pleasure
every time and i wonder why can't we see often movies like these.
			
Titanic is the most romantic movie i saw. And I know that all of you
haters are thinking that the movie should have been about the titanic
not about some romantic mushy stuff. but the titanic was filled with
couples and the same thing that happened to rose and jack must have
happened. i even read in a titanic book about an old couple and how the
wife said the exact same thing that rose said when she didn't want to
go on the boat without jack. And when you guys say that the movie was
too long then you are wrong because when it ended i actually wanted to
see more and was sad that the movie was over , and i know a lot of
people agree with me on this just the same amount as the people who
disagree with me.
			
When I first seen this movie I loved it from beginning to end. I mean
it was simply beautiful. The effects were amazing, the acting was
great, and the story was excellent. So I don't see why so many people
hate this movie. It racked up 11 Oscars for a reason. A lot of people
do not like the love story put into this tragic event almost a century
ago. Hello people without the love story it would just be another
documentary in this tragic event. I thought the story played perfect in
with a movie of this caliber. It also had comic relief from what it was
about to lead up to from Molly Brown(Kathy Bates). Also the great
stories by the ever so hated Jack who was played perfectly by Leonardo
DiCaprio who has become a icon playing parts such as The Aviator and
The Departed. Also we cannot forget about Rose DeWitt Bukater his love
played by Kate Winslet. These to had perfect chemistry throughout the
entire movie and made it as sad as it was to become. I think the love
story and all around them brought this story more into vision to people
about how sad that tragic day really was.In this movie there were also great special effects supplied by Robert
Legato, Mark A. Lasoff, Thomas L. Fisher Michael Kanfer who won the
Academy Awards for best special effects, and did they deserve it. From
the beginning where the boat was at the dock under the sun, or when it
road freely through the night or even the sad climatic sinking of the
ship, it was all put together so great. The cinematography in this
movie was also greatly produced by Russell Carpenter who gathered in
Academy Award for cinematography. We cant forget about Gloria Stuart
who played the older Rose perfectly and told the story as if there were
no flaws as if we couldn't help but believe the love between her and
Jack that was tragically ended. This movie deserved every Award it won
from music which was great to best sound to best art which was
extremely excellent in this movie.I think James Cameron deserves every award he won for putting together
this masterpiece in a simply magnificent form. He took a tragic event
and put it into so many peoples minds for the rest of there lives. He
was even able to include a protagonist and antagonist in an event like
this. I don't know how you could not like this movie. In the effects
and acting column it has Peter Jackson proportions. Every scene is
beautiful and amazing. If you have never seen this movie don't judge it
and just bye it. I recommend this movie for anyone who is up for an
amazing performance and a great love story. I give this movie a 10 out
of 10.
			
Well not much to say just amazing movie by James Cameron mixing drama
and romance i highly recommend for everyone to watch this amazing movie
Just one of the best drama ever made A perfect creation by James
Cameron A perfect acting By the actors. Unique movie. fascinating and
exciting movie Some very sad scenes take us to the very end none of the
less just amazing movie A wise man once said :"one picture worth a
thousand words". one of those popcorn-Coca cola movies . if this movie
is "over hyped" we have only to blame public this movie is just
amazing,therefore i think he should get 9 rate a unique movie. However
This movie is very long and not all peoples have time to watch 3 hours
for a movie it's just too long. Some very sad scenes tears dropping and
death much dead people died in the titanic 1500 dead people only 6
manage to escape out from the drowning of the titanic
			
It's a simple tale, really, made up of equal parts love story,
historical epic and disaster film, about a young artist (Leo) from the
wrong side of the tracks, who falls in love with a young aristocratic
Lady (Kate Winslet) while on their way to America during the fateful
maiden - and final - voyage of the H.M.S. Titanic. That pretty much
sums it up without really saying very much.What, after all, can you say about a film that has made more money (and
faster) than any other film in the history of motion pictures? What can
you say about a film that earned more Academy Awards (it tied with
"Ben-Hur" in this respect) than any other film in history? You can say
it's successful, sure, but that doesn't come close to doing justice to
this spectacular epic's impact on Hollywood and the entire world.Rumored to be in trouble practically before principal photography even
began, the film quickly lived up to it's premature reputation by going
famously over schedule (by nearly six months) and over budget (to the
tune of over $200 Million). Nearly everyone - Fox and Paramount
included - thought the film, upon release, would sink at the box office
faster than the ship of the title sank in the North Atlantic Sea so
many years ago.Instead, as everyone now knows, "Titanic" did just the opposite and,
among the other and numerous happy results, is the fact that it
instantly elevated Leo from the ranks of Rising New Star to that of
International Superstar.One can only wonder why the Academy chose to ignore his performance,
but few (if any) would argue that the two most important reasons for
the film's success are Leo, and Kate.
			
Although Im a girl, I did not watch this film to see Leonardo Dicaprio,
It was actually because of watching th film for the first time that I
fell in love with him.The acting and effects are amazing with a
gripping storyline to go with them. This has definitely got to be my
all time favourite but I don't want to start an argument with anyone
who thinks it was crap. I personally loved it and If you haven't seen
it yet, you definitely should. You may not enjoy it, in which case you
would have just wasted three hours of your life but if you do enjoy
it...thats three hours definitely worth wasting on the film again.
Warning...it may cause tears!
			
Let me start off by saying that I have been accused of being over
obsessed with Titanic. I will admit, I am fascinated by the tragedy of
this ship. This has got to be one of the biggest tragedies in world
history. I have always enjoyed researching this topic and finding out
everything I can about exactly what happened that fateful night.Now to get on to my movie review. This movie captured the tragedy of
what happened April 14-15 1912. James Cameron is a fabulous director.
He captured the fear of what the passengers must have been going
through on that fateful night.Now onto Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. They both did such a
fantastic job in portraying their characters. I was blown away. The
on-screen chemistry between the two of them was absolutely fantastic.
The two roles without a doubt launched the two of them into the
fantastic careers they both have. Any movie I have seen either one of
them in including Titanic, have shown their skills phenomenally. I
recently saw The Beach, the movie Leo did after Titanic and although
the movie was a flop, Leo did a fantastic job as always. I have seen
Kate in Finding Neverland and that is without a doubt one of my
favorite movies of all time. She portrayed her character so well. That
film nearly brought me to tears.Overall, this movie is a fantastic movie. It is a cinematic masterpiece
that will go down in history as the biggest grossing film of all time.The best part of this movie was without a doubt when Jack was in the
ocean and Rose was on the door and she tells him she loves him. That is
the best part. It's situations like that, that really show you who a
person really is.This movie can relate to real life so much. Even without thinking about
the historical context of the movie. Everyone goes through love and at
some point in life people feel the tragedy of losing someone. It
doesn't matter who it is, that one someone will strike in the way
losing Jack affected Rose.
			
Titanic is the most amazing movie I have ever seen. Yes, it's my
favorite movie. Why, you may ask? Titanic has something for everyone:
romance, action, drama, and even a little bit of comedy. Kate Winslet
and Leonardo DiCaprio are expertly cast as two lovers who meet on the
doomed ship, the Titanic. Heartbreakingly beautiful, this movie will
touch your life. I remember the first time I saw Titanic. The only
thing I could think of was, "Wow. How can they ever make a better
movie?" I recommend this movie to everyone, because there is no
possible way you can not find something you can love in what is one of
the best movies of all time...Titanic.
			
The Titanic was and he will always be one of the best films of always.
Carried through of one it forms sufficiently professional, and with an
actress who in mine opinion is simply excellent: Kate Winslet! I have
immense penalty that still it has much people that do not give the due
value to this film. I think that all its particularities are simply
excellent, wants graphical, wants of performance of the actors. James
Cameron disclosed great qualities while accomplishing (and already in
he has accustomed them to such), and to rebate, James Horner, with a
sonorous band the height of this great film. Optimum of always!
Congratulations everybody.
			
I first saw this movie while living out in Cyprus, and I loved it.
Everything about it was fantastic, I didn't want it to end. The cast
was great, I thought Kathy Bates was perfect as Molly Brown, but
Leonardo Dicaprio and Kate Winslet were terrific as Jack Dawson and
Rose Dewitt Bukater, they had me on the edge of my seat, I was almost
crying by the end of it, and I sure i'm not the only one, thanks to
Leonardo's magnificent performance. The grand staircase was my
favourite part of the ship, it was beautiful, every tiny detail just
took my breath away. I have watched this film so many times now, but I
still can't get enough of it. From the incredible sets, to the amazing
costumes, this film is truly magical,
			
I loved the movie when I saw it. Mainly I like the movie because of
Leonardo DiCaprio, he's such a great actor. I've seen all of his movies
including The Departed which I just saw today in theaters. Titanic is
probably the only really romantic movie that I am willing to watch
again and again, alone or with someone else. When they say that the
Titanic kiss was the most famous, they weren't kidding. Man I'd LOVE to
have someone kiss ME like that on the bow of a famous ship the day the
ship was supposed to sink. That personally is just really romantic that
even though they are both doomed (one to death, and one to lose the
love of her life) they still share that passionate moment for a few
seconds on the ship, very romantic...:)
			
Titanic is a brilliant movie. Trust me, I own the DVD on Special
Edition. The scenes are all gut-wrenching, and I always cry on several
occasions each time I see it. I think that one of the brilliant things
about it is that many of the lines weren't in the script, butt were
developed by DiCaprio and Winslet, such as when Leo says, "Lie on that
bed, uh, I mean couch." It was an honest mistake, but James Cameron
liked it so much that he kept it. Really, it's one of my favorite lines
in the movie because he loves her so much. Hint, hint. I really feel
that this movie deserves every award on the face of the earth, and I
would recommend it to anyone.
			
So many things have been said and written about the movie "Titanic".
And well before it premiered in theaters around the globe. After all,
it's not everyday that the most-expensive movie of all time is released
and it was James Cameron's first theatrical release since "True Lies"
in 1994, three years before "Titanic".Since its release in December 1997, "Titanic" still is a talking
subject. Not necessarily in family reunions, but in film, it's an
unmissable. Not only it was the most expensive movie ever made, it also
became the most successful and that title still remains up to that
date.The storyline is very simple and doesn't break any serious ground, but
every guy who only has a small knowledge in cinema knows that story by
heart and even the main characters' names.The story begins in present day, where a group of researchers led by
Brock Lovett (played by Bill Paxton) explore the Titanic's wreck and
discover the portrait of a nude young woman wearing a huge necklace.
When she learns of that discovery by the means of her granddaughter's
TV, an old woman named Rose reveals to Mr. Lovett that the lady in the
portrait is none other than herself.Old Rose is brought to Lovett's ship and tells the story of what
happened in early April 1912. Young Rose (Kate Winslet) is a late
teenager from a wealthy family and she is engaged with Cal (Billy
Zane), the heir of a big fortune. However, Rose doesn't love neither
Cal, nor her very reclusive lifestyle and dreams of freedom.She's planning to suicide until she meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), an
American street rat who makes portraits of nude women and sells them
for living.This is the typical premise for a romantic story: the two less-likely
people who could get together meet themselves. They are in a two-class
difference (Rose 1st and Jack 3rd) and, at first, they don't fit much
each other. But the more they pass time together, the more they realize
that they're made to be together.The first problems for that couple is evidently the fish-out-of-water
situations. Jack is a poor guy who temporarily finds himself in the
high society of the time and Rose, who voluntarily wants to get out of
water, spends time with Jack with the other 3rd class passengers whose
lifestyle is very different from the 1st class one.But the biggest problem happens next. Because when you say 'Titanic',
the first thing that should go to your mind is 'iceberg'. This is where
the special effects wizards enter into action. And it's at that moment
that you see why this movie cost more than what a third-world country
has for all of its people.The sinking is the best part of the movie. It's more thrilling, more
exciting and more visually-dazzling than the best action blockbusters
made by Jerry Bruckheimer or the like. The spectacular views of people
falling from the top of the ship, the blowing furniture, the water
infiltrations, the frozen bodies floating on the ocean... All of that
stuff earns my best regards.The movie is also an epic because of its representation of the early
20th century society. During all of the movie, there's one thing that's
never in doubt: it IS 1912. The high society is well shown by the 1st
class cabins, the costumes, the ballroom, the majordomos and the like.
That kind of stuff could easily be grabbed by an history teacher to
show how life was in 1912.It's just impossible to hate "Titanic". Simply because there's
something for everyone. Those who love romantic stories will definitely
fall for the Jack-Rose relationship. This is strongly due to the
actors' performances. It is not DiCaprio or Winslet's first acting
roles, but that kind of hyper-budgeted movie is what was needed to show
their talent to the world. And they don't waste their time. DiCaprio is
charming (tell that to young girls) and professional, while Winslet
delivers the greatest acting performance of all.But one actor that is often forgotten is Billy Zane. His interpretation
of Cal is very strong and has unfairly been locked in the closet. He's
very aggressive, tyrannic and egotistical. That's exactly what's needed
for the third side of the love triangle.Those who prefer spectacle will have to wait until the middle of the
movie to see the Titanic's sinking but it's worth waiting. It's time
that you don't see passing.Those who like history will definitely be pleased by the movie's sets.
It's like a travel in the past. Cameron used to be a science-fiction
specialist but he works astonishingly well in any time period.Everybody should approach "Titanic" like if they know nothing about it.
Because I did and I'm glad I did. I know some people who can't stand
such mass publicity made about a guy with an Italian-sounding name and
the mass budget allowed for that movie. But if you defer your judgment
for a moment, you'll see that "Titanic" is one of the finest movies of
the decade and the greatest disaster film of all time. Because there's
nothing more stupendous that a catastrophe that really happened.
			
Titanic (1997): Starring Kate Winslet, Leonardo DiCaprio, Billy Zane,
Bill Paxton, Gloria Stuart, Frances Fisher, Kathy Bates, Suzy Amis,
Lewis Abernathy, Victor Garber, Bernard Hill, David Warner, Jonathan
Hyde, Nicholas Cascone, Danny Nucci, Jason Barry, Johnny Phillips, Ewan
Stewart, Ion Gruffud, Richard Graham, Eric Braeden, Michael Ensign,
Bernard Fox, Charlotte Chatton, Rochelle Rose, Jenette Goldstein,
Martin Jarvis, Rosalind Ayres, Alexandra Owens, Rocky Taylor, Gregory
Cooke, Elsa Raven, Lew Palter, Richard Ashton, Oliver Page, Francisco
Valdez, Ellen O'Brien, Lorenz Hasler, Thomas Furi, Ferenc Szedlak, Bela
Szedlak, Werner Giger, Patrick Murphy, Stephen Wehmeyer, Shep Lonsdale,
Ed Forsyth, Scott Hislop, Bobbie Bates, Kris Anderson, Samantha Hunt,
Sean Nepita, Brendan Connolly, Martin Lang, Nick Meaney, Garth Wilton,
Johnny Martin, Mike O'Neal, Steven Quale, Stephen Wolfe
Smith...Director James Cameron, Screenplay James Cameron."God himself could not sink this ship!!"..........To many 1997's "Titanic" was the definitive love story of the 1990's
and now, almost 10 years later, it's still fondly remembered, even if
the film has lost the powerful impact it once had and some people
shamefully admit they cried in the end. This film was director James
Cameron's greatest cinematic success, a larger-than-life, epic thriller
romance brought to life by a strong cast and an overall expensive
production. It came as no surprise that this beloved film swept the
Oscars, earning the movie 11 Oscars including Best Picture. This one
film made actor Leonardo DiCaprio a bankable star. James Cameron spent
several years investing on this great project, recreating a model of
the Titanic which he then sunk, hired costume designer Debora Lynn
Scott, an expert on period fashion for 1912, haunting music by James
Horner, production design by Peter Lamont, art direction by Martin
Laing and cinematographer Russell Carpenter whose rich color and
panoramic scenes establish an intense realism, especially in the latter
portions. The hype surrounding the film ? Not only Leo DiCaprio and
Kate Winslet's chemistry as the lovers, but the powerfully emotional
and human drama of surviving the most famous shipwreck in history. The
film opens in the present day, where ambitious entrepreneur Brock
Lovett (Bill Paxton) unearths relics from the sunken Titanic, among
them a sketching of a beautiful woman wearing a priceless diamond
pendant, which is what he is really after. It belongs to Titanic
survivor Rose Dewitt Bucater (played by "Old Hollywood" star Gloria
Stuart) who is 100 something years old. She tells her story and we
return to 1912, following the life of the characters on board that
doomed voyage. Rose at age 17 (Kate Winslet) is a rich American girl on
her way to Philadelphia to get married to millionaire Caledon Hockley
(Billy Zane) whom she met at her university and has not truly fallen
for. She is reluctant to marry or to take part of a stuffy lifestyle
she finds meaningless, not because she wouldn't mind being wealthy but
because it would mean being denied her personal freedom. These were
sexist times and the movie clearly suggests this. Hockley may love Rose
but he is not presented in a sympathetic light and is generally
ruthless, arrogant and domineering. Rose's mother is a self-absorbed
social climber who is pressuring her own daughter into a marriage of
convenience without a thought to her daughter's personal happiness.
When the desperately depressed Rose attempts suicide, American Jack
Dawson (Dicaprio) saves her. The two strike up a romance, breaking
social class barriers and provoking the wrath of Caledon Hockley. The
last part of the film deals entirely with every single detail of the
ship's demise from the minute it hits the iceberg to the minute it
sinks, bottom's up, into the Atlantic waters. Impressive performances
by minor characters such as Kathy Bates' Molly Brown, the only wealthy
woman who was not a snob unlike the rest of the aristocratic brood,
Jonathan Hyde's impetuous ship designer Bruce Ismay and Victor Garber's
sensitive and resourceful Captain Andrews. This is a superb film and
one that is sure to stir the soul every time you view it. Although it's
quite long (longer than the standard 2 hour film), it is certain worth
sitting through. Immerse yourself into the year 1912, journey across
the Atlantic on that ill-fated maiden voyage and experience the
passionate love of youth all over again. Perhaps the most rewarding
aspects of the film is its verisimilitude. James Cameron knew enough
about the Titanic to suffuse the film with such poignant realities as
the elderly German-Jewish Strauss couple who refused to leave their bed
and died in each other's arms, the Captain opting to go down with the
ship, the orchestra playing on even while the ship sank, the issue of
insufficient life boats and the irrepressible character of Molly Brown,
who had won millions when her husband struck gold in Colorado,
journeyed to Europe and returned home to America on the Titanic where
she acted heroically by saving as many people as she possibly could.
The real characters of John Jacob Astor, the richest man in America at
the time, Guggenheim, and others. This film remains a wonderful and
bittersweet tale of love and survival and a movie that represented the
zenith of 90's cinema.
			
Well, I have to say that I was only 5yrs old when this movie came out
and I saw it in theaters when it did. I fell in love with it that same
day. I wasn't sure I understood the entire story, but something at the
age of 5 sparked my imagination and it was just wonderful. I think this
movie has a great mix of such wonderful actors and a great director.
Everything about this movie was wonderful. I have to say this will
always be my favorite movie. And it was because of Kate Winslet that
sparked my imagination and I've wanted to be an actress. So i owe her a
great deal of thanks even though I have never met her, but would Love
to meet her. This movie was certainly one for the ages. And I think
they showed a lot of emotion and it just left me in awe. I hope you all
feel the same way.
			
It is a bit late in the day for me to be offering a critique of Titanic
- especially given that there are so many eloquent and knowledgeable
reviews already posted here. However, I would like to offer my
retrospective view of this film after having just re-watched the piece
and the alternative endings on the special DVD release.I was enthralled with Titanic when I saw it at the cinema and I was
equally captivated when I watched it again on the video release. What
struck me more than anything else was the sheer passion for the project
displayed by director James Cameron. I had been a huge fan of Cameron
and his body of work leading up to Titanic; he seems to be a filmmaker
who truly understands that blockbusting, crowd pleasing cinema is just
as vital and has as much integrity as small independent and more
cerebral films. An unfashionable view, I guess, but blockbusters with a
bit of soul are possible! Clearly Cameron invested a great deal of
time, energy and resource investigating the doomed Titanic and the
circumstances surrounding her demise. The lengths to which he and his
crew went, to re-create events, locations and fittings faithfully can
only be applauded. When you read the Goofs section here, it seems
almost a shame to pick holes in an otherwise superbly crafted film.
Also, let's not forget that Cameron is a truly technically innovative
film maker; his early use of CGI lacks some of the seamlessness that we
now expect, but back then it was truly jaw dropping.Cameron is a director of huge quality but he is also a man that seems
to divide opinion. Some people seem to hate him and cite his
egotistical cry of "King of the World!" at the Oscars as justification
for this (although he was clearly just paraphrasing his Jack Dawson
character and letting the world know how he felt, not who he thought he
was). He is also, apparently hard work on set; but let's face it, what
perfectionist isn't hard work? I am one of those who think that Cameron
makes fine, entertaining, spectacular and thoughtful films and he
should be thanked for that.Titanic is majestic cinema that delivers a romantic story against the
backdrop of probably the most famous and resonant maritime disaster of
all time. The plot is admittedly slight, but when you have the drama of
the sinking of Titanic  how much plot do you need? One of the nice
things about the DVD is that you can see the alternative ending where
old Rose shows Bill Paxton the Heart of the Ocean diamond, which is
what I really wanted to happen when I first saw the film  because the
crew of the salvage vessel had some doubts about her story. I found
this incredibly satisfying  so if you haven't seen it, check it out.Overall, looking back over the decade that has passed since its first
release, Titanic had stood the test of time. It is an exceptional film
executed in style by a singular and forward thinking director. The only
downside that I can see it that it probably exhausted Cameron and took
him off in other directions  his output has been pretty woeful in the
intervening years. Hopefully Avatar will be a marvel! 10/10
			
"Titanic was the biggest ship of its time.No ship could stand up
against her grandeur and excellence.She was in every word, A true
Master piece.But after her maiden voyage ended in tragedy, she was long
lost in the deepest depths of the mighty Atlantic, until she was once
again found out in 1985.But The world had to wait 2 more years for her
story to be heard.But Mankind had to wait 10 years for her greatest
story to be heard.The story of the most beautiful Love story one's ears
could hear.."James Cameron produced his masterpiece on celluloid with 'Titanic'.The
movie captures each and every one who sets eyes on the screen with its
element of Humanity and Love.'Titanic' is not the story of the biggest
ship.Its the story of two people, separated by the tumults and classes
of society,but blend into one soul with their love.This is truly one of
the finest movies made.A true Masterpiece.A must see..Be amazed at the
beauty of Love,courage and the stark realities of the humanity.And the
one thing which wins over any barrier-LOVE..!
			
I was only 7 the first time I saw Titanic, and the only thing I
remembered, years later, was that Jack died in the end. But, little
time ago, I found myself having (I don'y why) "My heart will go on"
stuck in the head. It got me thinking about the movie and, as it was
raining that day and that and I had it on tape at home, I decided to
watch it. It's only then that I realized how an amazing movie it was.
Despite the wonderful visual effects and the beautiful music, to me the
most amazing part, that made it a worldwide success, was the storyline,
the romance. All the actors were amazing and it was the first (and to
this day only) movie to ever make me cry. Since I watched it, it is my
favorite movie and all my friends who saw it have the same opinion.
			
There isn't a better Jack Dawson than Leo, he just makes this movie,
same for Kate Winslet, she's so beautiful in this movie. Simply one of
the best movie ever, if not the best, IMO... I've watched it tons of
times and have enjoyed it like the first time... One of the few movies
you can see more than 15 times and not get tire of it... I've watched
more than 30 times, and it's still exciting, from the begging till the
end... That's one of the reasons I think it's the best movie ever made,
because every time I watch it, though I know what's going to happen,
it's still pretty exciting.1997's Biggest movie, Oh my, I remember like it was yesterday, I can't
believe how many years have passed since this movie came out, just
beautiful. I give it 10/10, maybe it's too much for some people, since
there are tons of haters, who can't appreciate this.Thanks Cameron ! God Bless you !
			
Titanic has to be one of the most amazing films I've seen, i think it
is so good how we see rose and jack succeed in their relationship but
as soon as it happens, the ship hits an iceberg and sinks, it seems
like when rose is happy something bad happens, i love this film and it
will always be a number one film for me ***** 5 star!!!I also think the acting is amazing and i don't know how anyone can
dislike titanic,the film was perfection!!!!!signed bySummerflower
			
When I first saw Titanic I was nine years old and just wanted to see
the movie that all the critics were buzzing about. I had no real idea
of what the true story of the movie would be; I merely assumed it was
an action movie and that the CGI was amazing. Well it was filled with
action and the CGI was amazing but what amazed me further was the story
itself. I've seen Titanic in full probably about 10-15 times and most
of them are recent viewings. I don't know exactly why I cannot stop
watching this film but I do realize now more than ever why it is such a
great film. There are flaws of course but give Cameron a break, he
pulled off a film not many directors would've even dared to attempt.Titanic is the best film ever made simply because of the way the story
developed. The story from the very beginning had a deeper meaning than
just the sinking of the ship itself. It touched on every issue plaguing
mankind such as the conflict between good and evil, trust, marriage,
the role of women in society, money, and love. While it may sound very
bias towards the upper class, Titanic reveals something that many
movies try to but never fully accomplish. This is the connection
between money and evil. Yes, the famous saying is, "Money is the root
of all evil," and Titanic did an astounding job proving it. Monetary
issues affected just about everything in the movie. It was the reason
behind everything that happened. Rose would have never been forced into
marrying Cal if it weren't for money, more lower class passengers may
have had a better chance of survival if it hadn't been for money, and
Lovett would've never found Rose if it hadn't been for his lust for the
diamond (aka money).Not only was the movie outstanding for its development and plot, the
acting impressed me. Every actor amazed me except for Amis (played the
role of Lizzy Calvert) but then again, her lines were limited. DiCaprio
surely fooled me (I initially assumed he was just hype) and Winslet
stunned me beyond belief by playing her role to perfection! Billy Zane
will forever be remembered for his performance as Caledon Hockley and
he is on my top 5 list of all-time favorite "bad guys." I could
literally rave about the acting forever, it is unmatched, the best
overall acting performance by any cast. As for Celine Dion's "My Heart
Will Go On", it's not a song in particular I would like but it was a
great pick for the love theme.Titanic is one of the few movies to ever make me cry and I'm
embarrassed to say that because I do not cry often. However, I'm glad
that this movie is as tear-gouging as it is because it helps to relay
the message of Titanic and it magnifies the faults of humanity better.
Every time I sit down to watch Titanic, I tell myself I will not cry at
the final scene...but I always end up lying to myself. I applaud
Cameron and everyone involved in the making of Titanic. Every time I
see it, I become more and more addicted to it.
			
I saw this movie 15 times from late December, 1997 until early March,
1998 in theaters (upon its release), and loved it each time. It
immidiently made my 100 favorite movies of all time list, and I could
see why it remained the top movie at the box office for a record 15
consecutive weeks, and even more so why it became the top grossing
movie of all time by early 1998. And though I did not see the March,
1998 Oscars, I knew it was going to win the record 11 it did, and could
see why it had been nominated for a record 14 (especially Best Picture,
Director, and all the technical awards it did then win). It gave a very
good account of the real life tragedy of the Titanic, as well as
integrating the real life people on board, but its highlight was
wrapping this around the fictional love story, and relationship
triangle, which was at the center of its plot. Its pace and direction
continues seamlessly from the opening modern day scene until the end,
and I could never once tell it was over three hours long (and its
climax is very exciting, realistic, and brings everything together).
This was a great way to spend a few hours of some late 1997-early 1998
nights for me, and I look forward to seeing it on DVD when get the
chance.
			
Titanic is a great love story set in the hands of a historical
background, with a phenomenal plot, Titanic is one of the greatest
stories ever. Where survivor Rose, is narrating the story she
experienced herself, back to her seventeen engaged self to the heir of
steel tycoon Nathan Hockley, his son Caledon. Rose feels trapped, but
on her stay on Titanic finds Jack Dawson by fate, who she shares a
personal and special connection with. The dreams he is already living
she aspires, and there fore an amazing chemistry is formed between the
two. Until an iceberg hits, and their love for each other is tested, by
powerful means. Its a race for survival, and the passengers are doomed.
With an amazing cast, this tale comes to life on the big screen, and
will always be remembered.
			
This film won 11 Oscars, was on everybody's favourite film's list and
was cast with some of the most talented actors of it's time (probably
ever for these particular roles). However, now it seems that people are
embarrassed to admit how great Titanic really is, for the simple reason
really, that people made it famous. Many people now wish to disclaim
the performances (particually that of Leonardo DiCaprio) just because
after the film came out they became world-wide heartthrobs, and the
fact that they delivered truly memorable performances is thrown aside.
I love this film and am proud to admit it. It's an excellent film that,
no matter who disagrees, will live forever and go down in history as
one of the greatest ever made!
			
Well after watching this movie a few times a think this movie is one of
the worst movies i've seen. Here is why some many people made it
controversial it was a huge and horrible event so people said "Hey!
this movie has it all Naked people Fabritzios dying gaint ships sinking
and last but not least the two words JACK and ROSE. I accually counted
how many times those word were said, it was 143. For GOD SAKES James
Cameron! You used those words more than the vowel I. But in the end
this movie was AWFUL. 4 million dollars on nothing. I mean lets look at
Night of the Living Dead. That was the best movie I have ever seen.
That was a 6k movie. James could of donated the money to the poor.
Instead of making the shitty movie.
			
Well! this film catched the hearts of million viewers all over the
world. By the way, this film was released early in 1997, but i've
watched this film late on 2000. What a late bloomer. Some people say's
this is a great and very touching movies. So I tried to search a
original copy of this film and luckily i found it. It's very touching
you know. The story lines, sound effect and flow of the story. I've
feel I was there in the unsinkable ship together with the other
passenger when its sinking. What a masterfully done by James Cameron.The actors are greats such as Leandro and Kate, they justified the role
they played in the film. I cry in the scene that jack is dying in the
freezing water, and rose try to wake up jack when she see the rescuer
to catch them. I'll give 9 out of ten in this film. It was great....
ever...
			
It's amazing. This movie is just incredible. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are absolutely awesome. I can't see
any one else playing these two roles in this movie as well as they did. I don't think that i have ever seen any better special effects in any
movie that i've seen before. Even the music "brought the moment" of the
time in the movie.I'm not even closed to surprised that this movie won
eleven Oscars.Yes, this movie is probably one of the saddest movies that i have ever
seen in my life. But you must see this movie if haven't yet (which i am
surprised if you haven't). You will definitely not regret it.
			
Well lets seeThis movie is the most successful movie of all time It is wone of three
movies which has one the most no. of Oscars i.e. 11And yet... people now days think it's overrated and plus it's not even
on the top 250 list of IMDb.I thought It was a good movie maybe it's not better than godfather or
shawshank redemption but giving it 7.0 is cruelIt has great acting astounding direction and I still wonder why people
hate itAny thoughts
			
the acting was just the right depth for its time of which it was set
in. i feel that Leonardo DeCaprio portrayed his character Jack very
well and emotionally, isn't it a shame he didn't get an Oscar
nomination. i would like Kate Winslet to never play her character Rose
again due to her perfected version now. i doubt sincerely that a lot of
people love this film due to its other meanings which in my view are
out side the box of many critics of the film. think about it. i do feel
the direction was OK and the cinematography was up to standard. i was
freaked at my immediate 10/10 because i so reluctantly give films this.
also i would like to add it didn't make me cry it just made me feel
very attached with the characters.
			
I voted 9 in Titanic because Titanic is my favourite movie because it
is a mixture of romance and Death and that proves that love is more
powerful then death and even though Jack (leonardo Dicaprio) died in
the ocean of coldness she still lived to carry on his name. So that why i love Titanic because it is s mixture if different things
and that LOVE REALLY IS MORE POWERFUL THEN DEATH!!!.She lived on, on that very day those words that Jack (leonardo
Dicaprio) said will probably stay with me for Eva these are the words
That were said...NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS YOU MUST STAY ALIVE AND NEVER LET GO BECAUSE I
WANT YOU TO LIVE AND MAKE LOTS OF BABIES AND ALWAYS REMEMBER ME. That night Jack Dawson died.
			
This film is an excellent film and a very good costume drama i
absolutely loved this film from beginning to end Kate and leo i think
are fantastic actor and played the part very well unfortunately with
tragic consequences it made me cry at the end and made people think
about the class differences and those poor people who died on that
ship. Titanic a wonderful movie tearful and heart stopping. One of the
best scenes is when jack and rose go dancing to Irish music and rose
gets tipsy when she balance's on her toes i thought that must of hert
her feet. this film get 10 out of 10 from me a must see movie i would
recommend it to anyone.
			
I saw this movie when it first came out, and I was just in first grade.
It was so mind boggling. I had never seen special effects like it. And
somehow, even when I was that little, I still understood the romance
and Jack and Rose's love for each other. It's my favorite movie of all
time, in my opinion it's my mother's Gone with the Wind or Wizard of
Oz. I absolutely love it. I watched it for the first time with two of
my friends after not seeing it for many years, and by the end of the
movie we had used up 3 boxes of Kleenex. After seeing it again, I was
disappointed to see the special effects after movies like Lord of the
Rings. There were fog lines around the ship when it was sinking, the
sky was very fake and you could tell the background was fake all
throughout the movie. But the acting, the acting makes the movie. The
love is the most believable love in any movie. You can tell that the
story was a love that lasts for ever. Even though millions of people
hate this movie, millions also are in love with it, and millions will
cherish it forever, and it will go on in the "Titanic lovers" hearts no
matter what a user vote says.
			
What can I say that hasn't already been said about James Cameron's
Titanic? Those of you who haven't heard of it must have been living
under a rock these past ten years, seeing as it remains the highest
grossing movie of all time and won a remarkable 11 Oscars...yes,
including Best Picture. There are people who hate it---people who seem
unconvinced that a film of such grand spectacle and infinite popularity
could possibly own up to the hype...and then there are those who love
it. And I am proud to say that I am among the admirers. Maybe it's
because I'm a hopeless romantic, but there's an appeal to the movie---a
sort of magic that captivates me every time I watch it. Everyone should
watch this movie at least once in their life, and while doing so,
forget the mass popularity and view it as what it really is---a
bittersweet, unforgettable love story.
			
I am sure that this film was top of the worlds highest grossing films
at the cinema for a reason. Rose (Kate Winslet) is a wealthy woman on
the ship Titanic, when she meets a young man called Jack (Leonardo
DiCaprio). Jack is a poor man who immediately falls in love with Kate.
It is your typical love story, which is exactly why I love it! It mixes
tradition with originality and never falls too far away from the main
plot. If you haven't already seen the film, i advise you to go now!
There are some deeply emotional parts to the film, which draw you
deeper to the storyline; the storyline is not hard to follow, yet it is
not too simple. The tragedy at the end of the film will always make you
cry, no matter how many times you see it. It is best to see it not too
young, but in your early teens as then when you are older, when you
watch it, it will bring back the memories when you were most emotional,
thus causing a better experience. All in all, i would always rate this
movie a 10 out of 10!
			
This is the best movie I have ever seen!!!! I absolutely love it. I
search my cable channels every day just to see if it's on, and I watch
it every time. Lost track of how many times I've seen it, but it's
enough to have memorized the entire 3 hours and 14 minutes
(seriously!!). This is definitely a must see, over and over again. It
never gets boring. Granted, 3 hours and 14 minutes seems long, but it
goes by so quickly. The movie is over so quickly. I really want them to
re-release it next December in the movie theater for the 10 year
anniversary. If you haven't seen it, definitely head to out and buy it
immediately. Any DVD collection is not complete without it (or a few
copies like me in case one of them breaks or wears out from too much
usage!!!).
			
This movie is super great, but kinda suggestive...laugh out loud, it's
a tear-jerker definitely, I mean to think that all of those people
died, god! Leonardo, of course, is hot hot hot! I visited the Titanic
Exhibit in Orlando and that completed the experience that the movie
brings you. Being a girl, I cried through pretty much ALL of this
movie. I wish that every girl could find a guy like Leonardo (in this
movie at least) that would love them as much as he loved that girl. I
can't really say anything bad about this movie because it's just too,
too, too great. If you haven't seen it, which is unlikely, then go to
Blockbuster right now! This is one of those classic movies you'll never
ever forget.
			
I can't believe this movie has such a low score... a 7! Come on guys,
it's a classic and it was brilliantly produced!Let's not forget that it is the highest-grossing movie in history, as
to date it has made $1.85 Billion!To pick out ANY weak points, the main storyline regarding the romance
of Rose & Jack is perhaps a little clich, but overall this movie is
very good-if not excellent. The special effects,acting and stunts are
all performed exceptionally.This movie is so underrated, that I was shocked when I saw the 7 stars!
I mean it's made more money than Stars Wars, Lord Of The Rings, Mission
Impossible and anything remotely close.
			
Titanic is indeed an excellent movie, and one that everyone should
probably see at some point or another. It is truly a gem among films.
The cinematography is absolutely breathtaking, easily some of the best
that I have ever seen. The performances from both Leonardo DiCaprio and
Kate Winslet are some of the truest and most heartfelt ever. Their
chemistry is perfect, totally and utterly believable. James Cameron
does an awesome job directing. The suspense remains the entire time,
even though you know how it's going to turn out. My only problem with
Titanic is the length. Seriously, a good half hour - 45 minutes could
have been cut from the end. Do we really need to see all of those
people drown? Yes and no. No, because 3 hours and 14 minute is way to
long, even for an epic movie. Yes, because it makes the entire thing
more believable and all the more heart/gut wrenching. Titanic is an
amazing movie, but not one that you can see a ton of times. The 1st
time it's amazing, the 2nd time it's okay, the 3rd time you end up
checking your watch ever 5 minutes waiting for it to be over. A solid
10/10.
			
ha! this movie was fantastic....i don't understand how people could not
like it i mean...its pure brilliance.....it deserves 10 hands down...i
will admit i cried....like a baby....and so did my girlfriend....but it
was great i really felt like i knew the characters and thats not common
in movies of today....I've seen it i don't know how many times and the
end still gets me...also the music...like it or not....was
perfect.....beautiful.....its a great love story...had me
intwined.....every time i watch it it has the same effect i cant keep
my eyes off the screen...and if u have never seen it i suggest you
do...this movie is great
			
They look excellent in the movie together...... They would also make a
cute couple. I love the movie titanic and of all the special effects.
It's a love story with true facts of the titanic. It's my number one
movie of all times. But Jack shouldn't have died in the movie. GREAT
JOB! Even if this was a true story.....it would have had so many more
viewers if Jack and rose died together...old or young......It was all
put great together and an excellent touch to it that can make you cry
for several hours. I also love how all the ladies wear their gowns like
they would have in the early 1900's.......But what makes the movie even
more of a love story and a sad story is when rose dies in her warm bed
like an old lady like she promised. and she dies having a dream of her
getting married with Jack Dawson.
			
i love this film. the acting is excellent, the CGI is excellent, the
stunts are excellent, the production is excellent, and the ship itself
is excellent. Kate Winslet and Leonardo Dicarprio give 100% in this
film. this is shown in Jack's death scene, not the acting of Leo but of
Kate, she really brings tears to many peoples eyes even if there not
the sort to cry at a film. Celine Dion sung a great song, and James
Cameron did an amazing job in creating this film, especially with the
creations of the sets, e.g. the lounge, the iceberg. I'm overjoyed that
they won about 11 Oscars. i hope James Cameon does a film on one of
Titanics sister ships Britannic.
			
so in 1997, my parents went to the theatres ajd saw Titanic and when
they came home my mom was all in tears and my dad was laughing. Of
course he was laughing because of all the people frozen. Now i was only
6 years old and i wanted to see the movie really bad, but my parents
were like "no it is not a movie for you of your age"so I'm guessing early 2000's i was at a friends house and i looked thru
the VHS's and they had Titanic right there so i begged and plead if i
could see it and they are like "ok, but beware, it is 3 hours" so we
popped in the tape and watching for 3 hours. And at the end everyone,
even the boys, were crying. It was the most AMAZING movie i have seen,
even today. Right from the beginning to the sinking. The Special FX
were great and still cant be passed today. It is my gavorite movie of
all time and i have become obsessed with Titanic every since. My mom
also told me that my grandmas mom was on it so which made me interest
go REALLY up.There is no other movie like it and i don't think a movie will surpass
it until another 25 years. But everyone said the reason the 2005 King
Kong didn't make much money was because of the length of it. Well
Titanic is the same length and it has made the most money than any
other movie in history.Titanic is GREAT. Amen!
			
Titanic WAS known as the ship of dreams, but NOW is known as the movie
of dreams. It is every director's dream to make a movie such as
Titanic. It has become a grading scale for movies of today. At first I
had no interest in seeing Titanic, but after all my friends saw it and
wouldn't shut up about it I decided to see what all the fuss was about.
Boy was I blown away. I have never seen a movie like it before. This is
one of the few movies I have actually bought. I was completely
satisfied in every way a movie goer should be satisfied. The Detail in
the movie was unbelievable from the costumes, props, and set design.
The music fit the movie perfectly, not one cue was out of place. All
the acting was good especially from Kate Winslet and Gloria Stewart. If
I had to state a negative about the movie the only thing I could
possibly think of would TIME. This movie is LONG!!! But it is good, and
I think it is well worth taking 3 hours out of your life to take a
fascinating journey back to the heart of Titanic.
			
Titanic is a excellent film in every respect. James Cameron handles it
with care. I couldn't think of many people to do this type of film (Sam
Menzies, Steven Spielberg. just to name a few). The Visuals are
fantastic. this film deserves every single peace of critical acclaim. I
don't know a person who cannot like this film. if you have not seen
this SEE IT!! Every man, woman and child in the planet should see this.
I don't think there are enough words to praise this, I could go on for
hours talking about the film. You can watch it as many times as you
want, but you will not get bored.So get down to your video store now
and see it!!
			
the first time i saw it i cried my heart out. the film is a special and
i knew it from the first time that i saw it. in the film you never know
what will happen next, obviously you excpect that Jack and Rose will
remain together but that is not what happens. sometimes directors try
to do their film as people excpect it to end in a happy ending, but one
must realise that in reality that is not what happens, at least not
always. and i really like these types of films, actually i like all
types of films. Leonardo Di Caprio is so cool and (in the film at
least) he and Kate Winslet look perfect for each other.but one may
never know.....
			
I love this movie, from the amazing sets and costumes, to the epic
adventure of Jack and Rose as they battle for survival on the Titanic.
The music done by James Horner gives me chills every time I hear it and
I am always listening to the soundtrack. I love how he captures the
essence of the joy at the beginning of the movie when it is first
leaving from Southhampton, through the love story of Jack and Rose to
the heart-wrenching tragic ending of the RMS Titanic. The casting is
superb Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are two of my favorite actors
and have the most incredible chemistry, I really believed that they
were in love. The story is amazing and I love how everything that does
not happen between Jack and Rose is true, watching the extra features
on the bonus DVD I saw the incredible resemblance between the actors
and the real people who were on the Titanic, such as Molly Brown and
the Captain. I cry for DAYS after watching this movie because it seems
so real. The way that James Cameron captures the story of the Titanic
through love, passion and tragedy is outstanding I really enjoy
watching this movie but also I feel deeply for the people who lost
their lives on that tragic day of April 15th 1912. If anything this
movie should come back to theaters for the 100th anniversary of the
sinking of the Titanic, I as a fan would be thrilled.
			
I've noticed recently how various critics and the general population
treat Titanic horribly with the test of time. I find it shocking how a
movie that was regarded as one of the best movies of all time has
fallen ill to tons of criticisms. People seem to find it hip now days
to bash Titanic and I fail to understand why. I personally find it to
be the greatest movie I've seen, the Academy Awards seemed to think it
was a pretty damn good movie, the critics when it first came out
weren't too harsh and movie-goer's truly expressed how the general
population felt about Titanic with the gigantic ticket sales.Now, however, Titanic makes the "overblown movie" lists from several
critics, endures extreme mockery and the ridicule of anyone who
actually admits to liking it. This may have been due to people wanting
to be different from the norm in 1997 and maybe this attitude never
went away and too many people fell victim to it. Or maybe it was the
cheesy scene's people like to imitate over and over which obviously
must mean the entire movie is cheesy. However, I recently watched
Titanic the other day and I'm going to say why I find it to my favorite
movie of all time.The ship Titanic itself expressed a mentality during this time period
in which humans felt they could overcome Mother Nature. With the
sinking of this ship it made people truly eat the words "Titanic is an
unsinkable ship."With the character Rose, a first class passenger you are exposed to the
arrogance high society had. Rose also opened your eyes to the luxuries
high society had and how woman were truly trapped and were seen as
second-class citizens. Rose almost committing suicide helps hit home
how truly horrible it must have been for woman during this time period.
The dynamics between Rose and her mother also show the dynamics between
how woman had to behave and in a sense how they survived in this
society.With the character Jack, a third class passenger you are exposed to how
large the gab between the rich and poor was. How first class dogs went
down to be walked on the lower decks, how it was the poor who actually
built Titanic and how it was the poor who were treated truly unfair on
Titanic just because of social status, which helped express the
mentality of the time.Having these two characters meet and expose the viewer and each other
to these different lifestyles helped truly put into perspective the
mentality of what this time period was like. Sure, it was in a way a
cliche love story, two people from different world's falling in love.
But regardless of it being typical it still exposed the different
classes in a way that truly made you realize how it was for people back
then. Also, many things are clich' for a reason, they most of the
time work and have been shown to work time and time again.Without this love story you would have just come away with the basics
of this story, the Titanic sinking. But this love story created
sympathy in which you felt for Jack and Rose. It made you truly feel
how the people on the Titanic were feeling at that exact moment.
Families, loved ones and friends were being torn apart. Without the
emotion created from the love story you wouldn't have felt nearly as
sad or seriously towards what had actually happened to these people.As for it being morally wrong on the part of Rose. Well, she was
trapped by her mother and society. The man (Cal) whom she was getting
married to proved to be inconsiderate towards others, was very mean,
rude and thoughtless (even before he knew of the situation between Rose
and Jack). He deserved and was asking for everything he got. What Rose
did was what many do in youth and sometimes you have to take what life
gives you at that moment. That's exactly what she did and people
shouldn't say her actions were immoral. They were done out of love at
first sight and out of vengeance towards the arrogant class she was
apart of.Titanic was very authentic and very historically accurate. It did
include a lot more then just the love story. It had information about
the lifeboats, the binoculars, how exactly it sank, the famous people
aboard the ship, and numerous other things. Even things such as the
first-class band and their situation, what exactly was sung on the last
time day light hit the Titanic at the morning church gathering,
increasing more speed regardless of ice warnings and many more examples
were all little details included in this movie which made it far more
then just a "love story" if you actually paid attention.One of the major flaws people say this movie had was the acting. I
however thought it had amazing acting and I saw nothing wrong with it.
Acting is something that is hard to pin-point in terms of being good or
bad. I find it an easy way to attack any film. If you say the acting is
bad, you cannot really "prove" to that person it was good. Acting is
something that just goes to personal opinion and you cannot really
change someone's mind on it. I personally give an A+ for acting and
even the script. But one thing to consider is that many shots could
only be done a few times or even once because of what they had to do to
the sets, making it sometimes hard to get the perfect take.Overall, one the best movies ever made.
			
its now 1 a.m.and before going to sleep .i need to salute this movie as
its unfair not say a single word for this movie before going to sleep,i
re watched it after a long time and after went to my bed, ,i looked
intently at the roof for about half and hour and could not believe that
those people on ship were gone through all this.and all the
unimaginable LOVE fr kate and jack even though this was a fiction movie
and some of the facts might be different ,but this movie produced by a
human,James is extra xtra ordinary,i give damn to all faults in the
movie pointed by ur any of the viewer .in spite of all those
faults,which were noticed and calculated by the viewers after their
sheer hard work,to say something against this movie as its part of
their nature to be critic ALWAYS an ordinary viewer won,t mind them
come on,the movie is fr us to enjoy,to feel the pain,and to understand
all the agonies ,no one is perfect,
			
James Cameron is always to impress...and that is why I'm going to say
this film is his second best, terminator 2 being #1. It's a good story,
great acting by Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio. Professional
Directing, just basically one of the best films ever. It deserves every
bit of it's box office total. Even though i am a boy, i balled my eyes
out at the end of this movie. It was a wonder to see in the movie
theater, and is just as good with it's 3 disc, digitally enhanced DVD
collection, which i own. So, if u have not seen this film, i HIGHLY
advise you to do so. It takes all the elements of Sound, Picture,
Acting, Directing, Editing all it it's highest, and creates a
monumental film that should be FOREVER remembered. 20/10!
			
I love this movie 100%. It's got a great storyline, good drama and good
casting esp. the lead actor!!!lol. Kate Winslet is a fabulous actress
and an inspiration to young girls everywhere with her sensible,
enviable figure and i love her as a redhead!! How on earth did she not
win an Oscar??? Great movie anyone who hasn't seen it is MAD & i
recommend it 100%. Fave scenes: the flying one, the drawing scene, the
one where Rose saves Jack by cutting the handcuffs, the bit where she
jumps back onto the boat, "This is where we first met!" and the very
end scene. Low points: NONE!!! One warning: have a box of tissues
ready!!!! 10/10
			
Many people think this movie is average, largely because it has been at
the front of hundreds of jokes about the "pathetic" romance in it.
Personally i totally disagree, the romance is how it should be. If you
are going to watch a romantic film, you need it to move you and make
you fall in love with the characters. In this film, you don't connect
so much with the characters but you can see how the characters connect
with each other which is something else entirely. If these people who
were insulting this movie were to sit down in a theatre and watch it
alone, i am sure that they would love it, hell these people were the
ones that were raving about it in 97! The special effects are like
nothing seen before on film. They are amazing, for the time the special
effects were very ahead of its time and even now to this day, the
effects are just as good. To be honest, the effects look far more
realistic than the effects in movies like Die Another Day. You cannot
spot any CG in the entire movie except for the iceberg which is
obviously CG.I am really not surprised that this picture was so great because it had
an amazing director at the helm who knows the subject well. It is
believed that king of the sequels director James Cameron researched
Titanic for 5 years before creating this masterpiece. And it paid off
with 11 Oscars to match Ben-Hur's record, which was later broke by
Return of the King.James Cameron is known as a perfectionist for his work and this is no
exception, everything from the boarding of the ship to the boarding of
the lifeboats is sublime and extremely correct. It is very faithful to
the actual disaster and even the cutlery was of the exact nature of the
real 1912 cutlery on board Titanic.I give this a 10 and highly recommend this for anybody, young or old.
Not only because it has romance for the girls but has action for the
guys. Part of the reason this did so well is because has something for
everyone. I am a guy and i was brought to tears watching this movie.It is meant for the big screen so try to get hold of a High Definition
TV or a projector as its the best way to be viewed.10/10 25/04/2006
			
this is the best movie ever! i cried, i laughed, i was shocked, i was
sad, it was the perfect movie ever! i love this movie and the thing
that i loved the most is the song. i think that song is like, the best
song ever. i don't know if this movie got an Oscar, but if it didn't,
it should. my friends and i are always playing around copying that part
of titanic where she leaves her hand print on the fog in the car. that
was my favorite part. i love this movie, and if u haven't seen it yet
you really should because it made me realize something. love is not
always gonna be there so cherish it. if it wasn't for this movie i
don't' think i would be going out with my boyfriend right now. i love
this movie so much. no joke!
			
Titanic was one of the greatest movies I've ever watched. I have always
been fascinated with the story of the once, "greatest ship of its
time". DiCaprio and Winslet were amazing. The movie came together
beautifully. The special effects were mystifying, and put you almost on
the Titanic. This movies touched my heart as I watched what those
people went through, it was heart breaking. This truly was a great
accomplishment of James Cameron and all the cast and crew. I think that
this movie has showed people more of what happened that night in 1912.
I would most definitely recommend you rent or buy this movie. It was
simply perfect.
			
When I first saw Titanic, I was amazed at how well it was done. The
acting was perfect, the directing excellent, and the story-line was
also good. Every time my family and I (my mom and I) go to rent movies,
I ALWAYS try to rent Titanic. I think it's the best movie I've seen
(besides Chronicles of Narnia). My grandparents have never seen this
movie. I told them that they should rent it and watch it, because it
was a very good movie. It was good. There was lots of drama, which I
like. There was also romance woven into the story-line, which I also
liked. I think that Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), and Rose (Kate Winslet)
made great leading people in the movie. They worked well together, and
I was surprised. That's the reason why I give Titanic 10 out of 10. The
acting, directing, and story-line are excellent. If you haven't seen
Titanic yet, I encourage you to rent it and watch it. It's a great
movie! 10 out of 10 for Titanic.
			
Titanic is an overall amazing movie! It even includes romance; in a
movie about a disaster you would think romance wouldn't work so well
but it really makes the movie spectacular. Kate Winslet and Leonardo
DiCaprio act with such passion that it makes the whole movie wonderful.
It definitely deserved the Oscar for Best Picture. The detail is
amazing; the furniture, utensils, etc. is absolutely extraordinary. I
definitely recommend Titanic. The soundtrack matches the movie so good
and the feeling and passion in the movie makes it feel like you were
there. The suspense comes in at all the right places and really
contributes to the overall movie. It's amazing how the Titanic was
recreated to look like the actual ship, it really does. The historical
footage at the beginning of the movie and near the end really shows how
bad the sinking was and how terrible it would have been to have to
leave your loved ones on the sinking ship as you stepped into a life
boat. Again I really recommend Titanic, it's an extraordinary movie!
			
Titanic, as we all well know, is the most successful film in box office
history, grossing almost 2 billion dollars worldwide. But unlike so
many huge blockbusters (Harry Potter, Pirates Of The Caribbean), this
film is actually a heart-wrenching tour de force of film-making that
far outshines the so-called best films of all time such as The
Godfather and Pulp Fiction. Those films, in my humble opinion, are like
Gigli when compared to the majesty and grandeur that is Titanic. James
"The Master" Cameron wrote, produced, and directed this tragic romance
set aboard the doomed ocean liner. The film begins in 1996, and a
explorer, played by Bill Paxton, has found a drawing of a young woman
amongst the wreckage of Titanic. It is dated the night of the sinking.
The explorer is determined to find out more about the drawing and he
eventually meets the woman in the drawing, now 101 years old. The woman
is Rose Calvert, and she claims she was aboard the Titanic. She then
proceeds to relate her tragic tale to the explorer and his team, and we
are transported to 1912, when Rose is a beautiful young society woman
(Kate Winslet), who feels trapped by her arrogant mother and crass
fiance Cal (Billy Zane). About to kill herself, she is saved by a
penniless (albeit handsome) bum named Jack (Leo DiCaprio). Jack shows
Rose a whole new side to life, and he eventually draws the picture of
her that the explorer has found. Rose finds herself hopelessly in love
with Jack, and she chooses him over Cal. Cal is furious and his toady,
Lovejoy, frames Jack for robbery and gets him sent to the bowels of the
ship. It is at this point that the ship hits an iceberg in the north
Atlantic and begins to sink-fast. Rose desperately searches for Jack in
the bowels of Titanic, which are rapidly filling with icy water. But
will she find Jack, and if she does, will they escape the ship and Cal,
whose anger has twisted his mind and is now resorting to gunplay?
			
James Cameron takes the story of the Titanic disaster and transforms it
into a wonderful, breathtaking movie.The movie revolves around two lovers, Jack and Rose who come from very
different worlds. We watch as conflict unfolds with Rose's family and
her decisions about Jack. Then the iceberg hits. The movie then turns
from a romance to a action/survival story. We are thrown into the
devastating sinking of Titanic. Even though we know how the movie ends
(the ship sinks) we are still able to become caught up in the movie.
Although their are a few questionable parts, the overall movie is
amazing
			
I love this movie so much and it has a special place in my heart for
personal reasons. James Cameron is a superb director with focus and
determination that no one can match. Leonardo Dicaprio brings Hollywood
glamour without taking any focus from Kate Winslet who shines through.
The chemistry between the two is powerful and as a viewer you are
sucked in to their world and you really feel for them as a couple and
as individuals. the movie is packed full of special effects and credit
must also be given to the supporting actors such as Billy Zane as Cal
and the wonderful Kathy Bates as Molly Brown. The action scenes are
extremely powerful and the love scenes are so moving they reduce a
grown man to tears.The whole movie is captivating, Kate Winslet and Leonardo Dicaprio
bring a sense of class to the movie, while James Cameron brings
experience. You can tell James Cameron has done his homework on the
Titanics history as every little detail has been inserted in to the
film. Probably the most detail was put in to the dining room in the
upper class suites.This movie is a most have for any movie goer and has to be in
everybody's collection. It is a movie that will definitely stand the
test of time.Loved It!!!
			
I just love this movie Kate Winselt and Leonardo Dicaprio are really
good actors. I hope I will be able to see them in a film together
sometime down the road. It is just my absolute favorite movie ever!
There may have been many mistakes but it still pulled together very
nicely. I could not think of any better actors to have played in this
film. The ending was sad but excellent at the same time. I definitely
give this movie a ten. It must have took a lot of money and time but
they were very successful. I am still torn by the fact that it happened
in real life; I am sure it was ten times more devastating then. I
recommend everybody to see this film. Thank you for reading.
			
Wow in 1998 i was in grade too and didn't understand how good this
movie was, i saw it in the movies and all i could think off is how
boring this movie was until it got to the bit when the ship went down
then i was hiding behind the chairs being scared as s**t. Now i look
back and wish i had watched it properly in the movies because when i
watch it now it brings me to tears, not a lot of movies can do that too
me i have only cried in The Notebook, My Girl and the lion king.Its not
just the death scenes that get to me its the romance how to people that
just meet can end up soul mates, they would die for each other. Kate
Winslet plays Rose so well, and well we all know Leonardo was made for
acting you can see it in "whats eating gilbert grape" & "Basketballer
Dairys" they make this movie so enjoyable and wonderful to watch.
People think this movie goes for too long, well how can it not go for
as long as it goes for its got so much history, romance & suspense to
put in, it is excellent and it deserves a 10/10
			
Titanic is by far one of the greatest movies ever made. To the outside
person it may seem like a fictional tale of love during a horrible
event in history, it has much more depth. Titanic is a movie about time
and greatness. Titanics maiden voyage would also be its last. Titanic,
being the biggest ship of its time, was something great to marvel at.
It only lasted a short time. Jack and Rose's love was quite similair.
Jacks new presence in her life changed who she was forever. He might
have been the love of her life, and they were only together for a few
days. The importance of the story is that you need to make every moment
last, or you could let something great slip by. Ex: Jack could have
forfeited in his game of Poker( with the stakes so high.) and would
have lost the chance of a lifetime. Rose could have never talked to
Jack again and would have gone on wishing she were dead everyday after.
LIfe is to precious to let go , make it count!
			
Well I don't really have time to write much so I'd just like to say
that in my opinion Titanic is one of the best movies ever made. It's my
favorite and takes my breath away every time. I've seen it about 50
times lol I always cry too Also, I wish people would stop saying it's a
bad movie just for the sake of being different - It's a beautiful love
story and great film so get over it. I have to write 10 lines??!!!
Well, it's a great movie And if you don't like it then you have no soul
LOL OK...well I think the acting is great too and it's nice to see an
actress like Kate Winslet who isn't anorexic i wish they had made it
longer lol i love it!
			
TITANIC in it's time was the Ship of Dreams. She was big, beautiful,
and luxurious. When James Cameron made this film, he did a very good
job however, there were some things that were just not accurate in the
history of the Titanic. One scene is where there is an Officer of the
ship who salutes his comrade, and shoots himself in the head. That
never happened. However, the order that was given women and children
first was accurate for sure.The other scene is where Capt. Smith goes into the bridge house while
it's under water, and truth is, he disappeared. No one seems to know
what happened to him during Titanic's final moments.Cameron did an excellent job in selecting a superb cast of characters.
Decaprio and Winseltt were just amazing as Jack and Rose. You can feel
their passion and desire as they learn about each other. These two
characters were flawless, believable, and kept the film going forward
for the most part. Kathy Bates as Molly Brown was awesome. She
portrayed her very well. The character was very out spoken, told it
like it was, and spoke the truth, but yet Brown's mannerisms were more
like a rough man rather than a lady.For the most part, the Titanic itself in the movie was very believable.
It was as if you were on the ship itself. I never realized just how big
she was, but from what I saw, she must have been a very big ship for
sure. Cameron did his homework very well. He must have studied every
inch of the Titanic when he went down to look at her. The first class
area was very exquisite,and WHite Star Line must have pulled out all
the punches to make their passengers feel welcomed.Everything from the departure in Souhthampton to her final moments was
truly horrific but it certainly caught my eye. The effects of the
Titanic breaking up was very well done, and accurate. It just holds
your attention as the remaining passengers face death when Titanic went
down. It was just heart breaking.This movie was well done, well thought out, and well planned,
Everything from the story line to the characters to the special effects
was well worth the 10.50 I paid for. TITANIC is the all time movie of
1997. When you do watch it, have a box of Kleenex ready to use! I
guarantee you will have to have them.Out of ten pop corn boxes, this movie gets a + 10!!!
			
Now although this film is underrated (PG-13) it should be (R) mainly
because of Kate Winslet's "big scene". Now about that big scene, I seem
to not be able to stop thinking about it, yet it's not like I'm going
to repeatedly picture her like that okay, it's only this film and only
this film that this happens oh, and only during that particular scene.
Titanic is a fantastic film, both Leo Decaprio and Kate Winslet make a
great pair here, and do a terrific job too. I think Kat Winslet
deserves another award for bravest actor, she was strong in this film,
and I would assume she was also very comfortable doing that big scene.
She had to be, I mean she was totally clothes less, and by the camera
angles a lot her was seen while she was "that way". Anyway, Kate was
great, Leo was great, this movie was great. I give it a 10. Half for
the film and half for Kate.
			
This movie is one of the best movies that i have seen out of all of my
13 years. This movie made me cry just by hearing the song...Me and my
friends are such lunatics about this movie that i printed out
quotes...and am looking for the script...and lemme tell ya' we all
think that Leo makes a great jack...we all cried at the end...and some
of us even cried at the beginning thats how much we love it...i mean it
effected us so emotionally that two lovers were separated and that some
people never got a chance...and like i said..we're only 13...but there
love kept them together through the hardest times..and she never did
let go...and when they reunited i literally burst into about a million
tears...just goes to show how powerfully emotional that movie is
			
Titanic is seriously my favorite movie. It has all the elements of a
great movie: romance, tragedy, lost love, disaster... its great! The
characters are wonderful, and the script is beautiful. The new special
edition DVD has a ton of extras, including some never-before-seen
deleted scenes. In my opinion, its a good thing those scenes were left
on the cutting room floor, though. As far as scenery, you couldn't ask
for a more beautiful film visually. Even though most of it is digital,
it really has the feel of being on the Titanic with Rose and Jack. The
costumes alone are enough to take your breath away. The love between
Jack and Rose is unparalleled, and I couldn't ask for a better film to
have a good cry to. This film deserved the best picture Oscar in 1998,
I love this movie, and I hope you do too.
			
I don't know why people are kinda afraid to admit they like Titanic. I
love this movie and I say it! My friends came home to watch it with me.
It was the first time they saw it and they laughed at me until the
movie began. In the end they were all crying! After that we made a
group for Titanic lovers... Some people thought we were strange, but
they all admitted they had seen Titanic and liked it. When I saw this
wonderful film was only rated 7, I was disappointed. By reading the
comments I realised people discriminate Titanic because it's a classic
tragic love story.Don't be afraid to like Titanic. That's what makes us
different!
			
I haven't watched "Titanic" since I was little and growing up I
constantly heard people harshly criticize this movie. So as a young
teenager I made fun of it too. I recently watched it and I changed my
mind. I have never cried at the end of the movie...not even "The
Notebook" made me cry. At the end of "Titanic" my eyes were red , a box
of tissues was empty , and tears were rolling down my face. When Jack
dies at the end and she lets go of his hands...thats when I completely
lost it. I heard that the part of Jack was almost given to Matthew
McConaughey , and I'm sorry but I am glad the part was given to
Leonardo DiCaprio. I don't care how much any one makes fun of me..I
will always like him!! This movie will definitely withstand the test of
time.
			
I love Titanic. It is a really good movie. I think that Jack Dawson is
really cute. The actor who played Jack Dawson did a very good job. He
is a very good actor. They picked the right person to play Jack Dawson.
No one else could have done a better job that the person who played
Jack Dawson. Kate Winslet did a good job on the movie. The way she
played her part was great. The way Leonardo did a great job on the
movie. The way he played his part was great. Titanic will always be a
great movie in my heart. Titanic is one of the best movies I have ever
seen. It will always be a special movie in my heart. The cast did a
great job on Titanic. Titanic should have won more awards. The awards
it won were very good awards. The movie Titanic really does shine.
			
This film has perfect theme music and suspenseful action; We note the
reflection of Rose(Stewart) whose special memories of that fateful day
in 1912, take us back in time. Love is special for younger
Rose(Winslet),who shows us passion and feelings a Heart cannot hide.She
is bound to a man she does not love and meets a stowaway artist.
Jack(handsome DiCaprio),unknowingly wins his destiny on the glorious
"ship of Dreams", and meets the high class young girl who changes his
luck.Cal(played by talented Billy Zane),makes us see the green side of Envy.
All his money is not enough to keep the heart of his beloved, and he
desperately tries anything to change her.He is a coward and hides away
in a Lifeboat,when the time for manpower is needed.There is the stuffy
nature of young Rose's mom; She looks at Jack with hate and loathing,
and does not want to lose the fortune because of a Stray "commoner".I thought this movie had great effects that put the viewer up close
with Horror of the story; The tense struggle makes the heart race
faster.
			
James Cameron's (Aliens, The Terminator) Titanic is one of the greatest
love stories ever told. This film has a special place in my heart as
one of the saddest films to date. The two leads, Leonardo DiCaprio and
Kate Winslet, do a truly magnificent job at portraying the two doomed,
young lovers Jack and Rose. James Horner's score is probably one of the
best scores I have ever heard. The set pieces are absolutely stunning,
the Titanic is re-created with authenticity and beauty (the look of the
exterior and interior of the ship is amazing). The finale is one of the
best I have seen: It's suspenseful and sad. Happy and tragic.The plot focuses on Jack and Rose. Jack being a poor street boy and
Rose being a very rich, engaged women. They both happen to be on the
doomed voyage that is the Titanic's. As soon as they meet each other
love blossoms and they are both drawn closer and closer together. When
the ship hits the iceberg a tale of survival and heart-breaking
decisions is brought to life. The supporting cast consists of Billy
Zane, Kathy Bates, Gloria Jones, David Warner and Bill Paxton.Many people hate Titanic because they think it's a corny, overrated
love-story thats just an excuse for spending a lot of money (plus it is
very cool to hate Titanic). It's far more than that. The love-story is
brilliantly told and is very tragic, the ending will have most people
in tears. The scenes of the ship's destruction are amazing and very
well done. The acting is top notch from everyone. This movie rightly
deserved its 11 Oscar wins.5/5 from me. I urge everyone who hasn't seen it to see it.
			
I first watched the movie when i was younger. It didn't have as much of
an effect on me then, probably because i was too young to understand,
but even then i thought the fictional love story about Jack and Rose
was amazing. I cried at the end of the film then (when the ship sank
and Jack and Rose were in the water).But to top the first production, the film has just been released on
DVD. I watched this film with my in-laws the other night and i thought
it was absolutely breath taking. The special effects have had a
're-vamp' so the ship looks even more spectacular. The only down side
to the DVD is that it is on 2 discs (but not to worry, give's time for
a toilet break as the film is over 3 hours long). The first disc lasted
for 90minutes and the second disc was around the same duration. And i
swear, as soon as that timer hit 30mins on the second disc, i cried all
the way until the end. An absolutely fantastic film..And to top it all, there is an extra 45mins of deleted scenes included
on the disc. I would recommend these deleted scenes as they contain a
lot of the factual information that was cut out from the original film
(the captain calling back the life-boats, family sending Morse-code
messages to their loved ones).I would highly recommend watching this film on DVD. It will take your
breath away. Just have the tissues at the ready.
			
Nothing on earth can rival the epic spectacle an breathtaking granduer
of "Titanic" I don't care what people think of this review because I've
tried to write this many times and they were all accidentally deleted.
"Titanic" In my opinion, Is probably the greatest movie ever made, with
great special effects, directing, score, and music.My heart will go on
will take you on a ride. Leo DiCaprio is one of the fine actors of his
generation and will continue to mesmerize audiences for a long time
{I'm not saying anything bad about Kate}James Camron really put his
heart into this movie. It shows.Anyway, Great movie, I love it, will write more when I'm in the mood.
Titanic will be "safe in my heart" forever.......
			
Except for the unnecessary language and most of the sexual content,
this was one of the best films I have ever seen. Leo's performance as
Jack was somewhat over the top and cheesy, but that is to be expected
considering that it's Leo DiCaprio. Kate Winslet's character really fit
her. I have seen her performances in other films but none compare to
this one: the rich girl who thinks she's seen it all until she meets
the man from the other side of the tracks. Seeing her in this film was
seeing yet another side of Kate Winslet. Kathy Bates is hilarious as
Molly Brown and I would not have put her in any other role. The end of
Titanic had me on the edge of my seat. You know what's going to happen,
but you're just not sure how or when it's going to happen. All in all,
this was a beautiful film that should be viewed by everyone.
			
I have only a few things to say about titanic, and that is i think it
is nothing but a event in films.The film in my mind, is one of the
greatest love stories and movies of all time.I am shocked that it is
not in IMDb's top 250.The movie has great direction and a great story with some very nice and
well done special effects.It is also one of the biggest money making
movies of all time and deserves more credit.It won so many awards and
was loved by the critics in a great way/The movie starts with a team searching for a safe on the titanic and
when they find it.They discover pictures, with one of a naked woman
that they ask for information on.A old woman named rose, comes forward
and tells her story of how she lost her love.And how she basically fell
in love with theis man.The story is great and has a lot of fiction and
non-fiction at the same time.Eventually the ship has a accident and starts to sink, then it becomes
a survival for thousands of people who mostly die.The movie has very
famous scenes and out of them all.The scene where rose and jack are
holding hands and he sais never to let go.This scene has become a very
famous scene and has been made fun of as well.But it even has a great
song that is played a lot in the movie.And i am proud to of watched
such a great film and i hope it get's in the top 250 someday.Titanic is a film that is in a whole level of it's own, and it is a one
kind film for are times.
			